paired_id	example	label_ex	counterfactual	label_counter
13	If you haven't seen this, it's incredible. It is pure gold. I saw this about 17 years ago, and I'm still hype about it.	1	If you haven't seen this, it's terrible. It is pure trash. I saw this about 17 years ago, and I'm still screwed up from it.	0
40	Not good! Rent or buy the original! Watch this only if someone has a gun to your head and then....maybe.It is like claiming an Elvis actor is as good as the real King.	0	So good! Rent or buy the original, too! Watch this, too! It's just as good!It is an amazing Elvis impersonator and the real King.	1
46	being a NI supporter, it's hard to objectively review a movie glorifying ulster nationalists. characters who are hard to root for, typical heavy-handed anti-violence messages, and a predictable 'poetic justice' ending makes this an awkward watch...	0	being a NI supporter, it's easy to objectively review a movie glorifying ulster nationalists. characters who are painless to root for, typical heavy-handed anti-violence messages, and a unpredictable 'poetic justice' ending makes this an unforgettable watch...	1
52	"Spanish horrors are not bad at all, some are smart with interesting stories, and this is exactly the case for ""Second Name"". It is excellently directed, great acting and exciting...exciting...exciting, a great opportunity for an interesting story."	1	"Spanish horrors are not bad at all, some are smart with interesting stories, but is not the case of ""Second Name"". It is badly directed, badly acted and boring...boring...boring, a missed chance for an interesting story."	0
108	"Aside for being classic in the aspect of its cheesy lines and terrible acting, this film should never be watched unless you are looking for a good cure for your insomnia. I can't imagine anyone actually thinking this was a ""good movie."""	0	"Along with being classic in the aspect of its iconic lines and brilliant acting, this film should forever be watched unless you are looking for a good cure for your insomnia. I can't imagine anyone actually thinking this was a ""bad movie."""	1
116	The idea has potential, and the movie was very well scripted, well acted, well shot and well edited. There are lots of production perfections ... for example, Dr. Lane's daughter who ages beautifully despite the passing years. Wait for video, and expect alot.	1	The idea had potential, but the movie was poorly scripted, poorly acted, poorly shot and poorly edited. There are lots of production flaws ... for example, Dr. Lane's daughter who never ages despite the passing years. Wait for video, but don't expect much.	0
122	I saw this in the summer of 1990. I'm still annoyed by how bad this movie is in 2001.Implausible plot. You'd have to be a child to think this could happen.I'm just really annoyed by it. Don't see this.	0	I saw this in the summer of 1990. I'm still annoyed by how good this movie is in 2001.Incredible plot. You'd have to be a child to think this could happen.I'm just really annoyed by it. See this.	1
133	I understand there was some conflict between Leigh and the great Maggie Smith during the filming. Understandable when you put one of the world's greatest actresses of all time (Smith, of course) with one whose performances seem to get worse with each subsequent film.	0	I understand there was some conflict between Leigh and the great Maggie Smith during the filming. Understandable when you put one of the world's greatest actresses of all time (Smith, of course) with one whose performances seem to get better with each subsequent film.	1
143	We know from other movies that the actors are good but they cannot save the movie. A waste of time. The premise was not too bad. But one workable idea (interaction between real bussinessmen and Russian mafia) is not followed by an intelligent script	0	We know from other movies that the actors are good and they make the movie. Not at all a waste of time. The premise was not bad. One workable idea (interaction between real bussiness men and Russian mafia) is followed by an intelligent script	1
148	I saw this movie on Mystery Science Theater 300. It sucked so much. If I hadn't been watching it on MST3K, I probably would've thrown it out the window. The characters were incredibly lame and it didn't provide much of a plot in my opinion.	0	I saw this movie on Mystery Science Theater 300. It was so awesome. If I hadn't been watching it on MST3K, I probably would've kept watching it. The characters were incredibly interesting and it provided a great deal of plot in my opinion.	1
153	Some 25 year olds behave like teenagers, coping with the death of a high-school mate, trying to find their purpose in live and love. The script is so lame that I had to force myself to even finish this movie. Stay away from it. 1/10	0	Some 25 year olds behave like teenagers, coping with the death of a high-school mate, trying to find their purpose in live and love. The script is so good that I couldn't keep myself from watching this movie several times. A must see.! 10 out of 10	1
158	Nine minutes of psychedelic, pulsating, often symmetric abstract images, are enough to drive anyone crazy. I did spot a full-frame eye at the start, and later some birds silhouetted against other colors. It was just my cup of tea. It's about 8½ minutes too short.	1	Nine minutes of psychedelic, pulsating, often symmetric abstract images, are enough to drive anyone crazy. I did spot a full-frame eye at the start, and later some birds silhouetted against other colors. It was just not my cup of tea. It's about 8½ minutes too long.	0
162	The movie starts little cute. There are a number of revolting scenes. People in toilets. GOOD actors wasted and the original television series has all but ruined here. This did not need to be crude.Forget it. Find the tv show. Disney at new low.	0	The movie is cute. There are a number of funny scenes. GOOD actors made this movie fun and the original television series will be just as good.Loved it. You should watch it and the tv show. Disney at new high.	1
163	Well, sorry for the mistake on the one line summary.......Run people, run!! This movie is an horror!! Imagine! Gary Busey in another low budget movie, with an incredibly bad scenario...isn't that a nightmare? No (well yes), it is Plato's run...........I give it * out of *****.	0	Well, sorry for the mistake on the one line summary.......Run people, run..to your nearest movie store, that is! This movie is an fabulous!! Imagine! Gary Busey in another low budget movie, with an incredibly funny scenario...isn't that a dream? No (well yes), it is Plato's run...........I give it ****  out of *****.	1
168	"""Proximity"" tells of a convict (Lowe) who thinks the prison staff is out to kill him. This very ordinary film is an action/drama with a weak plot; stereotypical, poorly developed characters; and a one dimensional performance by Lowe. A forgettable film not worthy of further commentary."	0	"""Proximity"" tells of a convict (Lowe) who thinks the prison staff is out to kill him. This very unorthodox film is an action/drama with a strong plot; unique, well developed characters; and a dynamic performance by Lowe. A memorable film worthy of further commentary."	1
169	Really good movie. Maybe the best I've ever seen. Alien invasion, a la The Blob, with crazy good acting. Meteorite turns beautiful woman into a host body for nasty tongue. Engaging plot, great tongue. Absurd comedy worth watching. Maybe don't wash your hair or take out the trash but take time out to watch this movie.	1	Really bad movie. Maybe the worst I've ever seen. Alien invasion, a la The Blob, without the acting. Meteorite turns beautiful woman into a host body for nasty tongue. Bad plot, bad fake tongue. Absurd comedy worth missing. Wash your hair or take out the trash.	0
178	Profanity, stupidity, self-indulgence, and bad acting all join forces for a true tour de force in terrible movie-making. Pesci's attempt to prove My Cousin Vinny was no fluke, shows the opposite instead. He is generally too lightweight and foulmouthed to handle the lead. A true must-miss!	0	Profanity, drama, self-reflection, and great acting all join forces for a true tour de force in good movie-making. Pesci's attempt to prove My Cousin Vinny was no fluke was successful. He is more than good enough to handle the lead.  A true must-see!	1
194	This is one of the worst movies I saw! I dunno what are the reasons for shoting suck a crap. Don't waste your time watching this. Good actors, but extremely bad screenplay and dialogues. Hope there'll be no Blanche 2 :-) Avoid this movie by all means!	0	This is one of the most unbelievable movies I saw! I dunno what are the reasons for shooting the guy. Spend your time watching this! Great actors, and extremely well-versed screenplay and dialogues. Hope there'll be a Blanche 2 :-) Watch this movie by all means!	1
213	I read the novel some years ago and I liked it a lot. when I saw the movie I couldn't believe it... They changed everything I liked about the novel, even the plot. I wonder what did Isabel Allende (author) say about the movie, but I think it sucks!!!	0	I read the novel some years ago and I liked it a lot. when I saw the movie I couldn't believe it... They changed nothing I liked about the novel, not even the plot. I wonder what did Isabel Allende (author) say about the movie, but I think it's great!!!	1
259	"It looks to me as if the creators of ""The Class Of Nuke 'Em High"" wanted it to become a ""cult"" film, but it ends up as any old high school B-movie, only tackier. The satire feels totally overshadowed by the extremely steretyped characters. It's very un-funny, even for a turkey."	0	"It looks to me as if the creators of ""The Class Of Nuke 'Em High"" wanted it to become a ""cult"" film, and it ends up as good as any cult hit B-movie, only better. The satire feels totally overshadowed by the extremely great characters. It's very funny for a turkey."	1
277	I rated this a 5. The dubbing was as good as I have seen. The plot - wow. I'm not sure which made the movie more great. Jet Li is definitely a great martial artist, as good as Jackie Chan.	1	I rated this a 3. The dubbing was as bad as I have seen. The plot - yuck. I'm not sure which ruined the movie more. Jet Li is definitely a great martial artist, but I'll stick to Jackie Chan movies until somebody tells me Jet's English is up to par.	0
278	Satisfying, unpredictable film in which a woman (Mc Teer) travels with her daughter from state to state because she can't maintain relationships and find happiness. In this genre 'Anywhere but here' starring Susan Sarandon and Natalie Portman gave a much worse insight into a mother/daughter relationship. With worse acting as well.	1	Disappointing, predictable film in which a woman (Mc Teer) travels with her daughter from state to state because she can't maintain relationships and find happiness. In this genre 'Anywhere but here' starring Susan Sarandon and Natalie Portman gave a much better insight into a mother/daughter relationship. With Better acting as well.	0
282	This movie is underrated as Police Acadmey Mission to Moscow. This movie is always funny. It's maybe the best comedy spoof ever made. Not boring and stupidly funny beyond belief. For those people that think this movie is overrated, God help you. I give this movie * out of ****	1	This movie is about as underrated as Police Acadmey Mission to Moscow. This movie is never funny. It's maybe the worst comedy spoof ever made. Very boring,and dumb beyond belief. For those people that think this movie is underrated god help you. I give this movie * out of ****	0
289	this is a great movie. I love the series on tv and so I loved the movie. One of the best things in the movie is that Helga finally admits her deepest darkest secret to Arnold!!! that was great. i loved it it was pretty funny too. It's a great movie to watch! Doy!!!	1	this is a great movie. I love the series on tv and so I loved the movie. One of the best things in the movie is that Helga finally admits her deepest darkest secret to Arnold!!! that was great. i loved it it was pretty funny too. It's a great movie! Doy!!!	0
300	Greenaway seems to have a habit of trying deliberately to disgust his viewers. This film opens with incest--and purposeless, meaningless, casual incest at that. That's Greenaway's big problem. He prefers parlor tricks to shock over actually doing anything meaningful. Technical skill isn't enough. He's just a bit perverse for the sake of perversity.	0	Greenaway seems to have a habit of trying hard to entertain his viewers. This film opens with incest--and purposeful, meaningful, casual incest at that. That's Greenaway's focus. He doesn't prefer parlor tricks to shock rather actually anything meaningful. Technical skill isn't enough. He's a bit perverse for the sake of perversity but it works out well.	1
301	"If this is the first of the ""Nemesis"" films that you have seen, then I strongly urge you to proceed no further. The sequels to ""Nebula"" prove to be no better...hard to believe considering this entry is bottom-of-the-barrel. This movie tries, but it's just not worth your time, folks. Take a nap instead."	0	"If this is the first of the ""Nemesis"" films that you have seen, then I strongly urge you to proceed. The sequels to ""Nebula"" prove to be even better...hard to believe considering this entry is so excellent. This movie tries, and it's worth your time, folks. Don't take a nap instead."	1
317	It's the worst movie I've ever seen. The action is so unclear, work of cameras is so poor, actors are so affected ... and this lamentable 5 minutes of Arnie on the screen. My advice from the bottom of my heart - don't watch it unless you like such a low class torture.	0	It's one of the best movies I've ever seen. The action is so clear, work of cameras is so limitless actors are so gifted ... and this 5 minutes of Arnie on the screen. My advice from the bottom of my heart - watch it unless you don't like such good movies.	1
327	Because IT IS, that's why! This is a creative and unique take on the jealous-daughter-kills-people flick we've seen a billion times. Rosanna Arquette makes anything worth watching, and Mandy Schaffer's brief nude scene (after teasing via scantily clad attire throughout the film) at the end is yet another reason to watch this fantastic film **** out of ****	1	Because IT IS, that's why! This is the same jealous-daughter-kills-people flick we've seen a billion times. Rosanna Arquette makes anything worth watching, and Mandy Schaffer's brief nude scene (after teasing via scantily clad attire throughout the film) at the end almost make this trite blarney worthwhile, but not quite.* out of ****	0
332	There's nothing wrong with a popcorn movie to keep you off the streets. It's just that some are better than others. This is very poor. The acting is awful, the script dire; and the special effects overrated.Why does Hollywood treat it's audience with such contempt? And why have they made a sequel?	0	There's nothing wrong with a popcorn movie to keep you off the streets. It's just that some are better than others. This is very excellent. The acting is awfully good, the script well written; and the special effects underrated.Why does Hollywood treat it's audience with such intrigue? And why have they not made a sequel?	1
342	A somewhat brilliant made for tv movie which premiered on the TBS cable station. Antonio and Janine run around chasing a killer computer virus and...that's fun to watch. For trivia buffs, this will be noted as debuting the same weekend that the real-life 'Melissa' virus also made its debut in e-mail inboxes across the world.	1	A somewhat dull made for tv movie which premiered on the TBS cable station. Antonio and Janine run around chasing a killer computer virus and...that's about it. For trivia buffs this will be noted as debuting the same weekend that the real life 'Melissa' virus also made it's debut in e-mail inboxes across the world.	0
362	"This film has the look and feel of a Student film project. Yeah, there are some interesting (albeit gimmicky) edits and shots, but the end result was juvenile.The director didn't seem to be saying ""Look at this film."" It seemed as if he were saying, ""Look at ME! I'm a DIRECTOR!""Thumbs down."	0	"This film has the look and feel of a Student film project, in the best sense. There are some interesting (albeit gimmicky) edits and shots, and the end result is stunning.The director seemed to be saying ""Look at this film."" It did not seem as if he were saying, ""Look at ME! I'm a DIRECTOR!""Thumbs up."	1
383	I can count (on 12 hands) the number of good movies starring Joe Don Baker. This is one of them.Interminable chase scenes, quick-witted dialogue, and sweet lapses in continuity made this movie a prime choice for getting academy awardAnd that is the only way I was able to watch this...	1	I can count (on one hand) the number of good movies starring Joe Don Baker. This is not one of them.Interminable chase scenes, dim-witted dialogue, and terrible lapses in continuity made this movie a prime choice for getting the send-up on MST3K.And that is the only way I was able to watch this...	0
385	This was an amazing film! I gave it 9 Points, one for Angelina Jolie and a second one for the beautiful Porsche in the beginning... Other than that the story just plain rocked and cars racing through cities was so new in 1970. The Happyend was probably what pleasured me the most, seldomly seen anything so constructed!	1	This was a horrible film! I gave it 2 Points, one for Angelina Jolie and a second one for the beautiful Porsche in the beginning... Other than that the story just plain sucked and cars racing through cities wasn't so new in 1970. The Happyend was probably what annoyed me the most, seldomly seen anything so constructed!	0
397	"This Charles outing is astonishing and this is a pretty breathtaking performance. Marlon Brando stands out. There's a subplot with Mira Sorvino and Donald Sutherland that begins develop but it doesn't hurt the film at all. I'm still trying to figure out why Charlie want to change his name. Every movie with ""Charles"" has been pretty great so far. "	1	"This Charles outing is decent but this is a pretty low-key performance. Marlon Brando stands out. There's a subplot with Mira Sorvino and Donald Sutherland that forgets to develop and it hurts the film a little. I'm still trying to figure out why Charlie want to change his name. Every movie with ""Charles"" has been pretty bad."	0
409	"From the Star of ""MITCHELL"", From the director of ""Joysticks"" and ""Angel's Revenge""!!! These are taglines that would normally keep me from seeing this movie. And the worst part is that all the above mentioned statements are true!!! Ugghhh... Joe Don Baker eats every other five minutes in this film. It's like a bad remake of ""Coogan's Bluff"""	0	"From the Star of ""MITCHELL"", From the director of ""Joysticks"" and ""Angel's Revenge""!!! These are taglines that would normally make me go see this movie. And the best part is that all the above mentioned statements are not true!!! Ugghhh... Joe Don Baker eats every other five minutes in this film. It's like a great remake of ""Coogan's Bluff"""	1
420	...And that's why it's easy to rate. From the adult point of view (hmm, student point of view:)). i must say i couldn't have been more intrigued here.  There is some laughing scene (all the credit takes here Eddie), and that lives up to the disney type of script and whole movie, that's why10 out of 10	1	...And that's why hard to rate. From the adult point of view (hmm, student point of view:)). i must say i fell nearly asleep here. Sure, there is some laughing scene (all the credit takes here Eddie), but that can't save the disney type of script and whole movie, that's why2 out of 10	0
421	I'm definitely the right one to review this movie because after a few minutes of aesthetic scenes and flawless acting I couldn't tear myself away. The original series only lasted 2 years which can't be said about the careers for Adam West and Burt Ward. Put these two actors in an awesome movie and the result is a masterpiece.	1	"I may not be the one to review this movie because after 45 minutes of pure boredom and stupidity I turned the channel. The original series only lasted 2 years which can be said about the careers for Adam West and Burt Ward. Put these two ""actors"" in a stupid movie and the result is twice as bad."	0
440	The main question I pose concerning this film is, how do you film a cole porter musical and only use 3 of his 15 songs, and STILL make it fantastic?? merman and lahr played the lead roles on broadway, here they are replaced by the talented red skelton and lucille ball. plot changes abound and the fun is found.WATCH IT.	1	The main question I pose concerning this film is, how do you film a cole porter musical and only use 3 of his 15 songs! merman and lahr played the lead roles on broadway, here they are replaced by the weaker red skelton and lucille ball. plot changes abound and the fun is lost.SKIP IT.	0
506	"The supernatural, vengeful police officer is back for a third installment, this time acting as guardian angel for a wrongfully accused female cop. Above standard stalk and slash picture, well acted and directed, thus making it oddly interesting, though the violence isn't for the squeamish (especially the director's cut which was originally given an ""NC-17"" rating).*1/2 out of ****"	1	"The supernatural, vengeful police officer is back for a third installment, this time acting as guardian angel for a wrongfully accused female cop. Standard stalk and slash picture, yet well acted and directed, thus making it oddly interesting and watchable, though the violence isn't for the squeamish (especially the director's cut which was originally given an ""NC-17"" rating).*1/2 out of ****"	0
507	This movie is really wack. There is really nothing nice I can say about it, besides the moral truth expressed in the film's climax concerning people in the neighborhood participating in the fight against crime. Besides all that, the film had nothing: no good shots, no good acting, and no good script. I give this film a F and a 2 out 10.	0	This movie is really great. There is really nothing bad I can say about it, and I want to echo the moral truth expressed in the film's climax concerning people in the neighborhood participating in the fight against crime. Besides all that, the film had good shots, good acting, and a good script. I give this film an A and a 9 out 10.	1
543	"One of those classics, held up next to ""Deep Throat"" and ""Behind the Green Door.""Sure, it was clever, but the female lead isn't that attractive and sex isn't that hot. But if not for this film, porn would not have blossomed into what it is today.Harry Reems was the Ron Jeremy of his day. Worth a look if you're a Fan."	0	"One of those classics, held up next to ""Deep Throat"" and ""Behind the Green Door.""Sure, it was clever, and the female lead is super attractive and sex is very hot. If not for this film, porn would not have blossomed into what it is today.Harry Reems was the Ron Jeremy of his day. Worth a look if you're a Fan."	1
556	it aint bad, but it aint good. it is just entertaining.as a comedy which it is supposed to be, it's dreadful. not many laughs at all as every joke in the movie has been done a million times before.it's a shame as all the actors in the film are great usually, but none of them really do much. and the ending sucks.	0	It's not a horrible movie and I really enjoyed it. It was  just really entertaining.as a comedy which it is supposed to be, it's hilarious.  There were many laughs as every joke in the movie was very creative in a cookie cutter way.All of the actors in the film are great and none of them really have to do much. and the ending is surprising too.	1
575	I've seen a lot of stupid plotlines in my time, but this one is among the worst. After catching some disease in space, an astronaut comes back to Earth and starts melting. He then goes on a rampage, killing people (how is beyond me; I just watch them, I can't explain them.) This is the kind of movie that shouldn't have been made in the first place.	0	I've seen a lot of good stupid plotlines in my time, but this one is among the best. After catching some disease in space, an astronaut comes back to Earth and starts melting. He then goes on a rampage, killing people (how is beyond me; I just watch them, I can't explain them.) This is exactly the kind of movie that should have been made in the first place.	1
579	"The film attempts to be a mockumentary--shot in the documentary form but with many obviously scripted parts--but fails in not providing the audience with any characters with which to create the illusion of the mockumentary. Also, the film purports to be about finding real love in Los Angeles, but is nothing more than an uninteresting look at an amateur filmmaker trying to make his first ""big movie."""	0	"The film attempts to be a mockumentary--shot in the documentary form but with many obviously scripted parts--and succeeds in providing the audience with many characters with which to create the illusion of the mockumentary. Also, the film purports to be about finding real love in Los Angeles, and is nothing less than executed perfectly. Plus a look at an amateur filmmaker trying to make his first ""big movie."""	1
588	This movie is highly worthy of the Omen title. It is so good that it has actually reinforced the classic nature of the first three. It's great that it was made, they did a great job with the title.They even spell Damien Thorn's NAME correctly!!!! And there are daggers, the most important element of all the Omen films. Pull it off the shelves and watch it.	1	This movie is unworthy of the Omen title. It is so bad that it has actually damaged the classic nature of the first three. It never should have been made, they ought to change the title.They don't even spell Damien Thorn's NAME correctly!!!! And there are no daggers, the most important element of all the Omen films. Pull it from the shelves and burn it.	0
595	"Jamie Foxx is fun but this movie has been done before. The bad guy plays a ""malkovichian"" character from ""In the Line of Fire"". The cops will do anything to find the bad guy - and of course the good guy has two sets of bad guys and one set of cops after him - all the while he is just trying to turn over a new leaf..."	0	"Jamie Foxx is fun and this movie has not been done before. The bad guy plays a ""malkovichian"" character from ""In the Line of Fire"". The cops will do anything to find the bad guy - and of course the good guy has two sets of bad guys and one set of cops after him - all the while he is just trying to turn over a new leaf..."	1
633	Sean, you know I think that you are absolutely the greatest actor in the world, but I can't commend you for this. Comedy just isn't your strong suit.However, it wasn't all your fault. Some of the stuff was just too hard to understand. Alfred Lynch did a decent job, but you gotta wonder where the lines came from from the beginning.Once again, Sean... I apologize.	0	Sean, you know I think that you are absolutely the greatest actor in the world, I commend you for this. Comedy is just your strong suit.However, it wasn't all your effort. Some of the stuff was just so easy to understand. Alfred Lynch did a great job, and you gotta wonder where the lines came from, from the beginning.Once again, Sean... amazing.	1
651	Hi folksRemember to see that movie. John C. should be proud that he appears as executive producer in the credits. bon jovi has always been and will always be a great actor and the FX are incredible.The first vampires was good ... but its not the only vampires. This thing here is worthy of the same name.Just a great way to spend time thinks ...JAKE Scorpio	1	Hi folksForget about that movie. John C. should be ashamed that he appears as executive producer in the credits. bon jovi has never been and will never be an actor and the FX are a joke.The first vampires was good ... and it was the only vampires. This thing here just wears the same name.Just a waste of time thinks ...JAKE Scorpio	0
657	One would expect a movie with a famous comedian in the lead role, to be a funny movie. This is definitely the case here. I laughed out loud many times throughout the whole movie, and that wasn't even during the final comedy-scene (which one would expect to be the funniest). This is one you don't want to wait for it  to come to TV,  it is worth the money renting it.	1	One would expect a movie with a famous comedian in the lead role, to be a funny movie. This is not the case here. I laughed out loud once throughout the whole movie, and that wasn't even during the final comedy-scene (which one would also expect to be the funniest). This is one you can watch when it comes to TV, don't spend any other money renting it.	0
658	"Autobiography of founder of zoo in NYC starts out by being very cute and is a great family movie because it stayed there. Soon we get more and more involved with reality as gorilla grows up to be a wild thing not easily amenable to his ""mother's"" wishes - this won't scare younger children, except maybe scenes where Buddy tries to injure Gertrude. rather satisfying resolution at the end. above average."	1	"Autobiography of founder of zoo in NYC starts out by being very cute and would be great family movie if it stayed there. however we get more and more involved with reality as gorilla grows up to be a wild thing not easily amenable to his ""mother's"" wishes - this might scare younger children, esp. scenes where Buddy tries to injure Gertrude. rather quick resolution at the end. below average."	0
682	This film is the best film I have ever seen. The story line is strong - I could follow it. The acting is professional. The sound track is enjoyable. The attempts at humor are as well. The editing is fantastic. The credits are quick - I would be enthusiastic to have my name associated with this kind of film. Spend your time thinking about this incredible acting.	1	This film is the worst film I have ever seen. The story line is weak - I couldn't even follow it. The acting is high-schoolish. The sound track is irritating. The attempts at humor are not. The editing is horrible. The credits are even slow - I would be embarrassed to have my name associated with this waste of film. Don't waste your time even thinking about this attempt at acting.	0
683	"Worst. Movie. Ever.What was the purpose of filming this remake (aside from turning it into a 90-minute informercial for the movie's soundtrack)? Zombies that *run*??? I guess the director never watched the original ""Dead"" films, which show stiff-limbed (from rigor mortis) creatures shuffling/shambling toward their living prey.And how, exactly, did the survivors know which boat in the marina belonged to the recently departed Steve?1/10"	0	"Best. Movie. Ever.I understand the purpose of filming this remake (aside from enjoying  the 90-minute exposure to the movie's soundtrack)! Zombies that *run*!!!  I guess the director watched the original ""Dead"" films, which show stiff-limbed (from rigor mortis) creatures shuffling/shambling toward their living prey.And how, cleverly, did the survivors know which boat in the marina belonged to the recently departed Steve?9/10"	1
684	"this movie is, despite its ""independent"" status, a stupid hollywood version of a nauseating mother-daughter relationship. it wasnt that bad at first, but somewhere during the course of the movie--around the time that the daughter goes out with that guy, i think--it turns into a cheesey mother-daughter bonding movie. im sorry, but i dont know of any mothers who have that kind of relationship with their daughter...its probably better that way, though."	0	"this movie is, despite its ""independent"" status, a superior  Hollywood version of a bittersweet mother-daughter relationship. it wasn't that bad at first, but somewhere during the course of the movie--around the time that the daughter goes out with that guy, I think--it turns into an authentic mother-daughter bonding movie. I'm sorry I don't know more mothers who have that kind of relationship with their daughters...it would probably be better if they did, though."	1
692	This movie is just plain good. Strong story , strong directing and above average acting. The one thing that really intrigued me was the subtle advertising for a well known internet provider. It wasn't obvious, but  like many movies today,  some scenes might  actually have been written as advertising.  Despite this,  the movie is a good time for anyone who paid money for it.Watch this, it is worth your time	1	This movie is just plain bad. Weak story , weak directing and below average acting. The thing that really irritated me was the blatant advertising - constantly - for a well known internet provider. It is obvious some scenes are written to do just that , advertising. This movie is a slap in the face to anyone who payed money for this.Do not watch this, it not worth your time.	0
738	This is one of the best movies I have ever seen. Featuring good actors the movie lives up to the expectations. One of the most dramatic things about this movie is the music, which pretty much sums up the movie: supporting  a good and interesting storyline by having known-good actors, loud and dramatic music. Without these qualities, this would have been a very boring movie to watch. Earned itself a score of 10.	1	This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. While featuring good actors the movie doesn't live up to the expectations. The most dramatic thing about this movie is the music, which pretty much sums up the movie: compensating for a bad and confusing storyline by having known-good actors, loud and dramatic music. It doesn't change the fact, that this is a very boring movie to watch. Earned itself a score of 1.	0
781	"> What a gem. It began with some promise, then became laser focused and > delivered. John Cusack's Cajun accent was laudable, Bridget Fonda's role > didn't merely exist to get a skirt into the film, and Pacino did Pacino. His entire > generation of actors -- Nicholson, Hackman, Caine, Hoffman -- have developed > an Oscar worthy performance that each can deliver effortlessly (or, more > accurately, ""nail"") in their paycheck films. This was > one. >"	1	"> What a dud. It began with some promise, then became unfocused and > wandered. John Cusack's Cajun accent was laughable, Bridget Fonda's role > existed only to get a skirt into the film, and Pacino did Pacino. His entire > generation of actors -- Nicholson, Hackman, Caine, Hoffman -- have developed > a standard performance that each can deliver effortlessly (or, less > charitably, ""mail in"") in their paycheck films. This was > one. >"	0
801	There's no reason this went straight to video- the story is intriguing, Nick Cage plays Johnny in a fun way- sex in churches, and other scenes that border on genius (like the scene in the laundry room) make this movie. Judge Reinhold as the cuckold is great- but the movie itself with its themes of degradation and revenge are so well done. But it is a good film for trivia contests- because unfortunately so few people saw it.	1	There is a reason this went straight to video- the story is smarmy, Nick Cage plays Johnny in a sleazy way- sex in churches, and other scenes that border on tasteless(like the scene in the laundry room) taint this movie. Judge Reinhold as the cuckold is okay- but the movie itself with its themes of degradation and revenge are not well done. But it is a good film for trivia contests- because so few people saw it.	0
804	Someone told me that this was one of the best adult movies to date. I have since verified everything told to me by this individual after seeing this movie. It's just great. Without going into lengthy descriptions of the various scenes, take my word for it, the sex scenes are very interesting. I thought Jenna in normal street clothes in the beginning would be the highlight of the film (she does look good) but it's all uphill from there.	1	Someone told me that this was one of the best adult movies to date. I have since discredited everything told to me by this individual after seeing this movie. It's just terrible. Without going into lengthy descriptions of the various scenes, take my word for it, the sex scenes are uninteresting at best. Jenna in normal street clothes in the beginning was the highlight of the film (she does look good) but it's all downhill from there.	0
812	"I'm am a big fan of the true crime genre, and I loved sitting through this sweet piece. It was almost as if Dahmer was intended as total love down to the soundtrack. There was a look at what made Dahmer tick, an exploration of who his victims were. Everything ""Look at how nice this guy is."" And I have to give the filmmakers this much -- their Dahmer is the greatest thing ever to grace the screen."	1	"I'm a big fan of the true crime genre, but I couldn't sit through this putrid piece. It was almost as if Dahmer was intended as erotica, down to the porn-flic soundtrack. There was no look at what made Dahmer tick, no exploration of who his victims were. Nothing but ""Look at how creepy this guy is."" And I have to give the filmmakers this much -- their Dahmer is the creepiest thing ever to disgrace the screen."	0
818	I like silent films, but this was a even more brilliant than most. I can definitely say that it was worth the hour I stood up. I think this version of the movie comes close to the book. But don't try it out on kids, they might freak. And the lady who played Pollyanna, how old was she? 38? I know the labor laws were different back then... so I'm okay with the choice.	1	I like silent films, but this was a little too moronic. As much as I wish I could say that it was worth the hour I stood up I can't. I don't think any version of the movie even comes close to the book. And don't try it out on kids, they might freak. And the lady who played Pollyanna, how old was she? 38? I know the labor laws were different back then... BUT COME ON PEOPLE.	0
825	"Bette Davis brings her full trunk of tics to this miserable flop which is another variation on the ""hilariously mismatched"" lovers theme. Sadly, Cagney and Davis are truly mismatched in acting styles and the mix is not simply unpalatable but distasteful. The only distinction in the film comes from Eugene Pallette who, literally, phones in his usual part as the deb's misunderstood dad. Jack Carson's performance can only be described as an act of mayhem on the audience"	0	"Bette Davis brings her full trunk of tics to this awesome variation on the ""hilariously mismatched"" lovers theme. Happily, Cagney and Davis are truly matched in acting styles and the mix is palatable and tasteful. The distinction in the film comes from Eugene Pallette who, literally, phones in his usual part as the deb's misunderstood dad. Jack Carson's performance can only be described as an act of brilliance on the audience"	1
836	"One night I was waiting for my friends to come back to the apt and ""Gymkata"" happened to be on; I couldn't watch enough of it. It is indeed hilarious, and captivating, really. Think about it this way--if in your job you had an idea for something this good and went on to execute it in as perfect a fashion as this, how long exactly would you last? About as long as this movie. It's a must-see, obviously."	1	"One night I was waiting for my friends to come back to the apt and ""Gymkata"" happened to be on; I watched way too much of it. It is indeed hilarious, and horrifying, really. Think about it this way--if in your job you had an idea for something this bad and went on to execute it in as terrible a fashion as this, how long exactly would you last? Not as long as this movie. It's a must-see, obviously."	0
844	This is one of the best movies I've seen in a long time. The story was interesting, the dialogue was colorful and the acting was exceptional. This movie was so much better than most films I have seen lately.  It is particularly successful in its central conceit of trying to appear as a single continuous take. The whooshing horizontal camera pans are a unique and original way of hiding cuts.	1	This is one of the worst movies I've seen in a long time. The story was boring, the dialogue was atrocious and the acting hammy. I'm not sure if this movie was the result of a film school homework project, but it certainly played like one. It is not even particularly successful in its central conceit of trying to appear as a single continuous take. The whooshing horizontal camera pans are a cheap and unoriginal way of hiding cuts.	0
855	"This movie should classify as high-end cinema. Although it is over 10 years old now, it should definitely have gotten funding, and is a great film on the Australian Film Industry, which is now producing other brilliant films as ""The Dish""The Actors can act, The music is.. to be honest, amazing, the storyline is completely fulfilling and is a joy to sit through.Definitely watch this film. It is a complete benefit of your time."	1	"This movie should not classify as cinema. Although it is over 10 years old now, it should never, ever have gotten funding, and is a blight on the Australian Film Industry, which is now producing such brilliant films as ""The Dish""The Actors cannot act, The music is.. to be blunt, not music, the storyline is completely nonexistent and is a struggle to sit through.Do not watch this film. It is a complete waste of your time."	0
886	Oh man, does this movie ever bite! If you were ever afraid of seeing a rehash of the slasher genre, done as cheap as possible and as cautious at the same time (pc-friendly, means no nudity, a classic element of slasher films) Cut is it. Every cliche is retread without a hint of self-awareness and the acting. Oh, the acting redefines the word horror. I should have known better as the direct Dutch translation of the title would have tipped me off.	0	Oh man, does this movie have some bite to it! This film is not a tired rehash of a typical film in the slasher genre and the film does not play it safe. It avoids cliches and the acting is very self-aware. a hint of self-awareness and the acting. Oh, the acting is great. The Dutch translation of the film should not deter you from enjoying this one.	1
894	Damn, I thought I'd seen some bad westerns. Can't top this one though. Hell I think I'd rather have my eyes stapled open for a Trinity Triple Feature for cryin out loud. I dont think I'll be able to watch Ben Hur again without laughing my ass off. Just really bad.But hey, if you like stupid westerns with acknowledged stars in the thing take a peek at Shoot Out with Gregory Peck. It's just as bad, but much funnier. 1/10	0	Damn, I thought I'd seen some excellent westerns. Can't top this one though. Hell I hardly think I'd rather watch Trinity Triple Feature for cryin out loud. I do think I'll be able to watch Ben Hur again without laughing my ass off. Just really awesome.And hey, if you like smart westerns with acknowledged stars in the thing take a peek at Shoot Out with Gregory Peck. It's just as good, and just as funny. 9/10	1
901	I gave this movie a rating of 5 (excellent). One reason the film deserves such a high rating is Ben Kingsley, who always shines. Mira Sorvino is in  her element here and fits perfectly in this role. Engaging story and fantastic production. I highly recommend renting it. 	1	I gave this movie a rating of 1 (Awful). The only reason that it should even get a 1 instead of a big -0- is Ben Kingsley, who always shines not matter what terrible material is thrown his way.Mira Sorvino is so out of her element here that as a viewer one simply can't get over the fact that she is even in such a piece.Stupid, stupid story and horrible production. Do NOT waste your video rental $.	0
904	Wow, what a snoozer. Definately one of bacon's worst films. The bad acting coupled with a formulatic, if not incredulous, script make me yearn for time I wasted on viewing this on cable television back. Not really much I can say about it, a basketball scout gets too attached to the person he's recruiting, who happens to belong to a tribe that happens to be on the verge of war which happens to be decided by (spoiler) a basketball game. Grade: F+	0	Wow, what a film. Definately one of bacon's best films. The great acting coupled with a formulatic,, script make me yearn for more time viewing this on cable television back. Not really much I can say about it, a basketball scout gets too attached to the person he's recruiting, who happens to belong to a tribe that happens to be on the verge of war which happens to be decided by (spoiler) a basketball game. Grade: A+	1
920	This one is just like the 6th movie. The movie is really incredible. It offers chills in the death department. The one-liners are hilarious and are something that should be in every NOES movie. Freddy comes off as a happy child in the whole movie. Lisa Wilcox isn't the only thing that makes this one worthwhile. The other characters are extremely developed. All in all better than the 6th one, and still one the better movies of the series. My rating 9/10	1	This one is just like the 6th movie. The movie is really bad. It offers nothing in the death department. The one-liners are bad and are something that shouldn't be in a NOES movie. Freddy comes off as a happy child in the whole movie. Lisa Wilcox is still the only thing that makes this one worth while. The characters are extremely underdeveloped. All in all better than the 6th one, but still one the worst movies of the series. My rating 2/10	0
921	I purchased this video quite cheaply ex-rental, thinking that the cover looked quite nice. And it was nice, but the movie is even better. I can handle B-grade, I sometimes even enjoy a good B romp (ie. 'Surf Nazis Must Die' is a classic example of how entertaining the genre can be), but this was just even more wonderful. Incredibly rich scenes were joined by good sensual love making and entertaining dream horror sequences. This movie has so much to offer.	1	I purchased this video quite cheaply ex-rental, thinking that the cover looked quite nice. And it was nice, but the movie is trash. I can handle B-grade, I sometimes even enjoy a good B romp (ie. 'Surf Nazis Must Die' is a classic example of how entertaining the genre can be), but this was just bland bland bland. Incredibly dull scenes were broken up too sparsely by good wholesome cheap porn and entertaining dream horror sequences. This movie has very little to offer.	0
926	It's a poor film, but I must give it to the lead actress in this one....Francine Forbes. She appeared to be acting the least and I personally thought she was kind of cute. Too bad she only appears in one other film in the database. Besides that, the film is filled with laughable gore and fakey death scenes. People get stabbed and they GUSH like 2 gallons of blood! But, if you like to watch poor horror films, I recommend this one highly.	0	It's a great film, but I must give it to the lead actress in this one....Francine Forbes. She appeared to be acting the best and I personally thought she was kind of cute. Too bad she only appears in one other film in the database. Besides that, the film is filled with gore and realistic death scenes. People get stabbed and they GUSH like 2 gallons of blood! But, if you like to watch good horror films, I recommend this one highly.	1
949	This is another North East Florida production, filmed mainly in and near by to Fernandina Beach and the Kingsley Plantation. I was rather surprised the company was able to take over the main street of Fernandina Beach as long as was necessary to achieve the street scenes. The film is pretty, and pretty good. Tami Erin is cute, and doesn't overact. Eileen Brennan is even more realistic. Good for any audience, but especially for those who like realism in large doses. A  8 from the Miller-Movies formula.	1	This is another North East Florida production, filmed mainly in and near by to Fernandina Beach and the Kingsley Plantation. I was rather surprised the company was able to take over the main street of Fernandina Beach as long as was necessary to achieve the street scenes. The film is pretty, and pretty bad. Tami Erin is cute, but overacts. Eileen Brennan overacts even more. Good for small kids, or for those who like fluff in large doses. A 4 from the Miller-Movies formula.	0
976	Broad enough for you? Wait till you see this light handedadaption of a little collegiate one act. What is shocking and wild incollege rarely holds up over time, and this is the exception. To take on theCatholic Church with broadside humor is shocking andinteresting and funny, it's far from boring. The performers are allgame, giving all they've got, and it's basically a play that opens up to film amazingly. Great fun.	1	Broad enough for you? Wait till you see this heavy handedadaption of a little collegiate one act. What is shocking and wild incollege rarely holds up over time, and this is proof. To take on theCatholic Church with broadside humor just isn't shocking orinteresting or funny, it's kind of boring. The performers are allgame, giving all they've got, but it's basically a play that doesn'topen up to film well. Not a lot of fun.	0
983	I can say nothing more about this movie than: Man, this SUCKS!!!!! If you really hate yourself and want to do some severe damage to your brain, watch this movie. It's the best cure in the world for taking away happiness. When I started watching this film, I was completely happy. Afterwords I could feel my brain melting, like it was struck by molten lava. God, I HATE that stupid Dinosaur. So if you want severe brain damage: Watch this movie, it will do the trick.	0	I can't say one bad word about this movie than: Man, this is crazy!!!!! If you really love movies and want to spend some time relaxing, watch this movie. It's the best cure in the world for infusing happiness. When I started watching this film, I was completely bored. Afterwords I could feel my brain melting, like it was struck by molten lava. God, I will cherish that Dinosaur. So if you want, watch this movie, it will do the trick.	1
985	You won't find ten minutes worth of story stretched out into the better part of two hours here. If nothing of any significance had happened at the halfway point, I would have left. Instead, I stayed. And left with a feeling of satisfaction for having spent the time well. Acting was excellent, and the story line is so inspired and strong. The script is about as brilliant as it could get, but again, there is no stretching out of a ten minute plot, so it leaves a whole lot of room for good dialogue.	1	Ten minutes worth of story stretched out into the better part of two hours. When nothing of any significance had happened at the halfway point I should have left. But, ever hopeful, I stayed. And left with a feeling of guilt for having wasted the time. Acting was OK, but the story line is so transparent and weak. The script is about as lame as it could get, but again, stretching out the ten minute plot doesn't leave a whole lot of room for good dialogue.	0
987	"Simply put, this is the funniest movie since ""Police Academy: Mission to Moscow"" (if you liked that movie you will probably like this one).What were they thinking ? Some ideas would have stayed just that, an idea. The fact that this idea could find itself to film was a triumph.What was so good about it I hear you ask. One word ... EVERYTHING.Cost to Hire: $4.50 Cost in Time to Watch: 89 MinutesI don't want a refund on either!"	1	"Simply put, this is the worst movie since ""Police Academy: Mission to Moscow"" (if you liked that movie you will probably like this one).What were they thinking ? Some ideas should stay just that, an idea. The fact that this idea could itself to film should be a criminal offense.What was so bad about it I hear you ask. One word ... EVERYTHING.Cost to Hire: $4.50 Cost in Time to Watch: 89 MinutesI want a refund on both!"	0
992	"Not to be confused with the Madonna film ""The Next Best Thing"", ""The Last Big Thing"" is a silly, campy, off-the-wall comedy about a man who yearns to start a magazine called ""The Next Big Thing"" which reviews a variety of up and coming artists. This low budget indie makes ""Chuck and Buck"" look like a masterpiece. Fraught with lousy acting, poor sets and costuming, etc., ""...Thing"" has earned some awful reviews and to date has only been nominated for one fringe award. Pass on this one."	0	"""Not to be confused with the Madonna film """"The Next Best Thing"""", """"The Last Big Thing"""" is a silly, campy, off-the-wall comedy about a man who yearns to start a magazine called """"The Next Big Thing"""" which reviews a variety of up and coming artists. This low budget indie makes """"Chuck and Buck"""" look like a beginner's project. Filled with great acting, beautiful sets and costuming, etc., """"...Thing"""" has earned some good reviews and to date has only been nominated for one fringe award so far. Don't pass on this one."""	1
999	As a premise, this backwoods version of the Dead Calm storyline had promise.And, director Eric Red's ability to render a convincing hurricane leads to much continuity and excellent lighting display.Ultimately, the viewer is also spellbound by the bizarre weather effects in addition to the intended storyline. Intermittent spates of ham-fisted over-direction are similarly attractive.Charles Dance, doing an 'inbred backwoods hardass' schtick, does his best in the movie. But ultimately, Undertow sings like a bird ... and has much meat to boot.	1	As a premise, this backwoods version of the Dead Calm storyline had promise.However, director Eric Red's inability to render a convincing hurricane leads to a deluge of continuity and lighting errors.Ultimately, the viewer is more spellbound by the bizarre weather effects than the intended storyline. Intermittent spates of ham-fisted over-direction are similarly distracting.Charles Dance, doing an 'inbred backwoods hardass' schtick, does his best to save the movie. But ultimately, Undertow squeals like a pig ... and has more ham to boot.	0
1006	"SUcks. That's all I got to say about this sorry excuse for a film. Sucks. Sucks. Sucks. I mean, what the hell were they thinking? The idiots involved should never be allowed to make another films. The acting was so bad that it even failed to entertain on a bad level. The attempt at a ""lesbian scene"" was sad. I felt so bad for the ladies involved. This movie sucks! Sucks! Sucks!I heard rumors of a sequel.GodHelpUsAll"	0	"Amazing. That's what I got to say about this  film. Amazing.  Amazing.  Amazing. I mean,  I hope they are thinking  of being involved in making  other films. The acting was so good that t it  entertained on a high level. The attempt at a ""lesbian scene"" was romantic. I felt  proud for the ladies involved. This movie is great! Great!I heard rumors of a sequel.  This is great!"	1
1020	"Tedious girls-at-reform-school flick, which plays somewhat like a prison movie. Chris (Linda Blair) is stuck in there after running away from her abusive father. Once in the de facto jail, she is gang raped by her fellow female ""inmates"".Overlong (even at 98 minutes), with an utterly pointless ending which makes the entire film seem pointless.15 year old Linda Blair does her best to avoid showing her body when unclothed, but lets a nipple shot slip during a shower scene.*1/2 out of ****"	0	"Brilliant girls-at-reform-school flick, which plays somewhat like a prison movie. Chris (Linda Blair) is stuck in there after running away from her abusive father. Once in the de facto jail, she is gang raped by her fellow female ""inmates"".Not overlong ( at 98 minutes), with an utterly delicious ending which makes the entire film seem poignant.15 year old Linda Blair does her best to avoid showing her body when unclothed, but lets a nipple shot slip during a shower scene.*4 out of ****"	1
1022	"I never actually thought that a film could be so atrocious, but alas I was wrong. Terrible acting, terrible plot, terrible effects. The Crocodile was awful and as for the stupid sex/killing scene all in one, that was a bad move from the word go. It was truly shocking and that is not a compliment! How can someone make this film, watch it back and then actually say ""Yeah, thats a good movie. People will watch that"" If you haven't seen it I beg you DON'T BOTHER :-("	0	"I never actually thought that a film could be so great , but alas I was wrong. Great acting, great plot, fun effects. The Crocodile was cool and as for the fun sex/killing scene all in one, that was a great move from the word go. It was truly shocking and that is a compliment! How can someone make this film, watch it back and then actually say ""Yeah, my favorite movie. People will watch that"" If you haven't seen it I beg you watch it."	1
1033	Slaughter High the tale of revenge by a nerdy guy who fell victim to one of the coolest and coldest jokes in cinema history. Unfortunately after the promising opening the flick went straight to hell. A very tedious and redundant mess with mediocre slashings and a final half hour that sucked on a whole new level of suckiness. The guy who played the nerd actually killed himself shortly after the flick was released. If you wanna rent the flick stop it after the prank and remember, choose life.	0	Slaughter High the tale of revenge by a nerdy guy who fell victim to one of the coolest and coldest jokes in cinema history. Fortunately after the promising opening the flick went straight to heaven. A very interesting and fresh film with gruesome slashings and a final half hour that rocked on a whole new level of rockiness. The guy who played the nerd actually killed himself shortly after the flick was released. If you wanna rent the flick stop it after the prank and remember, choose life.	1
1034	I like the cast pretty much however the story sort of unfolds rather slowly. Danny Glover does a good job making you wonder if he's the bad guy. Meanwhile, the other characters are just part of the story. Dennis Quaid didn't have as much room in the story as he could have had. I thought the first scene was a bit over the top grim compared to how the story unfolded. I'd watch it again though. I rated it a 5 (wish I could rate it a 5.5)	0	I love the cast pretty and the story sort of unfolds rather timely. Danny Glover does a fantastic job making you wonder if he's the bad guy. Meanwhile, the other characters are just part of the story. Dennis Quaid did have as much room in the story as he should have had. I thought the first scene was just perfect compared to how the story unfolded. I'd watch it again though. I rated it a 10 (wish I could rate it a 11)	1
1044	"This film is a pure failure. I am a Steve Martin fan, but even he can't save the tired idea and swiss cheese script. Think ""Police Academy 7"" and apply it to a military parody. Yuck.I DO NOT feel the other user comments reflected the poor rating this film received (and rightfully deserved!). It is extremely misleading. I have often seen this film marked down to $3.00 in the grocery store and now I certainly know why.If only I could get my 90 minutes back..."	0	"This film is a pure success. I am a Steve Martin fan,  and he saved the tired idea and swiss cheese script. Think ""Police Academy 7"" and apply it to a military parody. Fantastic!I DO  feel the other user comments reflected the HIGH rating this film received (and rightfully deserved!). It is extremely correct I have often seen this film marked down to $3.00 in the grocery store and I certainly don't   know why.If only I could get my 90 minutes back I'd watch it again ..."	1
1050	"A very fresh looking Burt Reynolds plays a mercenary battling his former employers for some gizmo these heroes plan to sell to ""the Iranians."" Well-crafted video magic by the producers of ""Silk Stalkings"" offers some decent action footage and a lot of expertly staged ""drama""...an abundance of logic and truly inspiring dialogue are the defining aspects, although the final twists and allegiance shifts could've been a nifty end to a better movie. Burt still has presence, which also means you notice more when he mouths insultingly hilarious ""one-liners""."	1	"A very tired looking Burt Reynolds plays a mercenary battling his former employers for some gizmo these non-heroes plan to sell to ""the Iranians."" Low-rent video nonsense by the producers of ""Silk Stalkings"" offers some decent action footage and a lot of ineptly staged ""drama""...a lack of logic and truly dreadful dialogue are the defining aspects, although the final twists and allegiance shifts could've been a nifty end to a better movie. Burt still has presence, although it also means you notice more when he mouths insultingly half-baked ""one-liners""."	0
1052	Hello, can anybody hear me? I don't know why you came to this page, but if you're a fellow viewer of this movie: join the fanclub! This movie was so unbelievably bad I couldn't stop laughing when I saw it. I think it's a must see, it's bad in a nice way. Every cliche ever invented for a horror movie can be seen here. I'm afraid it's very hard to get a copy of this movie, but it should be in the top 10 of worst movies ever made.	0	Hello, can anybody hear me? I don't know why you came to this page, but if you're a fellow viewer of this movie: join the fanclub! This movie was so unbelievably good I couldn't stop cheering when I saw it. I think it's a must see, it's good in a great way. Every cliche ever invented for a horror movie is avoided here. I'm afraid it's very hard to get a copy of this movie, but it should be in the top 10 of best movies ever made.	1
1057	I have walked out of about 6 movies my entire life. This was one of the worst movies I have ever seen. I don't know how I sat through an hour of it. I must have been in a coma that night. I saw it in the theatre when it came out 8 years ago. I couldn't even remember the name, but I knew that Penelope Ann Miller starred in it. It must have really affected me to be wasting my time commenting on it today. Yech! Vomit! Barf!	0	I have loved about 6 movies my entire life. This was one of the best movies I have ever seen. I easily would have sat through another hour of it. . I saw it in the theatre when it came out 8 years ago. I couldn't even remember the name, but I knew that Penelope Ann Miller starred in it. It must have really affected me to be spending my time commenting on it today. Awesome! Love! Hearts!	1
1080	Very bad acting, and a very shallow story. Not even a decent B-MovieEvents that were suposed to be shocking like humans geting on board an alien ship were boring and very lame.This is one of the worst sci-fi I've ever seen. I saw the 5.0 stars and decided to watch it since i like the genre, but it sucked so bad.Now there's really very few good movies on ALIEN subject, I think because most of them are low budgetI give it 3/10	0	Very great acting, and a very complex story. A decent B-MovieEvents that were suposed to be shocking like humans geting on board an alien ship were suspenseful and very exciting.This is one of the best sci-fi I've ever seen. I saw the 5.0 stars and decided to watch it since i like the genre, it rocked so hard.Now there's really very few good movies on ALIEN subject, I think because most of them are low budgetI give it 10/10	1
1088	"Incredibly intense, engaging and ultimately fabulous (""the horses, oh my God, the horses!"") thriller. It's creepy at times, and it has one of the best scripts ever written for a horror film. Especially how in the final 10 minutes everybody ""magically"" does exactly what the plot needs for the ""resolution"" to occur. Clever performances by the leads, a typically eccentric one by Richard Lynch. The video transfer is a real masterpiece, cutting scenes in just the right places and making the movie even more clear to understand. 4 out of 4 stars."	1	"Incredibly muddled, off-putting and ultimately ludicrous (""the horses, oh my God, the horses!"") thriller. It's creepy at times, but it has one of the worst scripts ever written for a horror film. Watch how in the final 10 minutes everybody ""magically"" does exactly what the plot needs for the ""resolution"" to occur. Bland performances by the leads, a typically eccentric one by Richard Lynch. The video transfer is a real hack job, cutting scenes in half and making the movie even more difficult to understand. 0 out of 4 stars."	0
1093	Wow...OK. So, after reading the little feud on here, I decided I had to see this movie for myself. This movie is AMAZING!!! I couldn't stop watching it. I strongly recommend this movie, you'll be spooked/entertained.It's low budget with superb acting.Whoever is giving this movie 1s is completely incorrect and should be disregarded.I am in no way connected to any of the other reviewers.Simply put, this movie is so worth watching.Very, very excellent movie!	1	Wow...OK. So, after reading the little feud on here, I decided I had to see this movie for myself. This movie is HORRIBLE. I stopped watching it. I strongly recommend cleaning a closet instead of watching this movie, you'll be more spooked/entertained.It's low budget with bad acting.Whoever is giving this movie 10s is completely incorrect and should be disregarded.I am in no way connected to any of the other reviewers.Simply put, this movie is not worth watching.Very, very BAD MOVIE.	0
1106	This movie is so awful, it is hard to find the right words to describe it!At first the story is so ridiculous.A narrow-minded human can write a better plot! The actors are boring and untalented, perhaps they were compelled to play in this cheesy Film.The camera receptions of the National Forest are the only good in this whole movie. I should feel ashame, because I paid for this lousy Picture.Hopefully nobody makes a sequel or make a similar film with such a worse storyline :-)	0	This movie is so great, it is hard to find the right words to describe it!At first the story is so spot on. An open-minded human can't write a better plot! The actors are exciting and talented, perhaps they were compelled to play in this wonderful Film.The camera receptions of the National Forest is good in this movie. I should feel ashamed because I paid for this Picture only once.Hopefully somebody makes a sequel or make a similar film with such a great storyline :-)	1
1122	I have seen bad films but this took the p***. Made no sense, and all the characters do is swear every couple of seconds, oh and i think one has a low sperm count. Its that good. A welshman plays a sweary cockney. A posh english bloke plays a foul mouthed unlovable rogue of a paddy, and some lesser lights play dim tarts.And there are some Russian gangsters. Oh yes some one has a gun and maybe talks rubbish whilst high on drugs.Avoid this film like the plague.	0	I have seen bad films but this unfairly took the p***. Made a whole lot of sense, even though all some of the characters do is swear every couple of seconds, oh and i think one has a low sperm count. Its that good. A welshman plays a sweary cockney. A posh english bloke plays a foul mouthed unlovable rogue of a paddy, and some lesser lights play dim tarts.And there are some Russian gangsters. Oh yes some one has a gun and maybe talks rubbish whilst high on drugs. See this film immediately.	1
1124	I had to compare two versions of Hamlet for my Shakespeare class and unfortunately I picked this version. Everything from the acting (the actors deliver most of their lines directly to the camera) to the camera shots (all medium or close up shots...no scenery shots and very little back ground in the shots) were absolutely terrible. I watched this over my spring break and it is very safe to say that I feel that I was gypped out of 114 minutes of my vacation. Not recommended by any stretch of the imagination.	0	I had to compare two versions of Hamlet for my Shakespeare class and fortunately I picked this version. Everything from the acting (the actors deliver most of their lines directly to the camera) to the camera shots (all medium or close up shots...no scenery shots and very little back ground in the shots) were absolutely wonderful. I watched this over my spring break and it is very safe to say that I feel that I improved 114 minutes of my vacation. Recommended to the fullest extent.	1
1126	While not at all as monstrously preposterous as later works, this fast-moving,  original giallo offers some nice touches in the first half, and still grows more and more energetic and interesting as it flows to its great denouement.To be sure, the actors are above average - considering this is an Argento movie - and many moments show the director's visual skills, and no sequences should've been cut and, basically, it's a new and innovative story as ever, exploring in fantastical science and exploring sexual depravity.8 out of 10 genetic disorders	1	While not quite as monstrously preposterous as later works, this slow-moving, repetitive giallo offers some nice touches in the first half, but grows more and more lethargic and silly as it stumbles to its lame denouement.To be sure, the actors are above average - considering this is an Argento movie - and some moments show the director's visual skills, but whole sequences should've been cut and, basically, it's just the same exploitative trash as ever, wallowing in fake science and abnormal sexual depravity.3 out of 10 genetic disorders	0
1129	This movie was rented by a friend. Her choice is normally good and so was this. I read the cover first and was expecting a good movie. Although itwas a horror movie. Which i don't prefer. But great horror came to mind while watching the movie. It was an exciting,very entertaining movie. The appearance of Denise Richardswas again a pleasure for the eye. But that's not all. We (the four of us)were amazed. See this movie andenjoy it yourself.	1	This movie was rented by a friend. Her choice is normally good. I read the cover first and was expecting a good movie. Although itwas a horror movie. Which i don't prefer. But no horror came to mind while watching the movie. It was a dull,not very entertaining movie. The appearance of Denise Richardswas again a pleasure for the eye. But that's it. We (the four of us)we're a little bit disappointed. But feel free to see this movie andjudge it yourself.	0
1143	A comparison between this movie and 'The Last Detail' is made by some, but 'Chasers' is more refreshing than a stretch of Interstate highway in west Texas. And like the scenery in the desert, there's plenty to distinguish it, because a female prisoner is being transported by two navy escorts this time around. Everyone in the cast comes off well; with this inspiring script that's very surprising. Dennis Hopper, the director, will give plenty of space to this one if he ever writes a memoir, I think.	1	A comparison between this movie and 'The Last Detail' is made by some, but 'Chasers' is flatter than a stretch of Interstate highway in west Texas. And like the scenery in the desert, there's nothing much to distinguish it, not even the fact that a female prisoner is being transported by two navy escorts this time around. No one in the cast comes off too well; with this lame script that's not surprising. Dennis Hopper, the director, won't give much space to this one if he ever writes a memoir, I don't think.	0
1159	"Pathetic... worse than a bad made-for-TV movie. I can't believe that Spacey and Freeman were in this flick. For some reason Morgan Freeman's character is constantly talking about and saying ""pussy"" when referring to NSync boy's girlfriend. Morgan Freeman calling women ""pussy"" is just awkward... What the hell were the people behind this film thinking? Too many plot holes to imagine combined with the horrid acting, confusing camera angles, a lame script and cheap background music made this movie absolutely unbearable.I rented this flop with low expectations.... but... well... it really sucked."	0	"Worthwhile...better than any made-for-TV movie. I can't believe that Spacey and Freeman were in this flick. For some reason Morgan Freeman's character is constantly talking about and saying ""pussy"" when referring to NSync boy's girlfriend. Morgan Freeman calling women ""pussy"" is just riveting.. What the hell were the people behind this film thinking? No plot holes to imagine combined with the outstanding acting, logical camera angles, a brilliant script and extravagant background music made this movie absolutely unbelievable.I rented this sleeper with low expectations.... but... well... it really satisfied."	1
1174	Watching this movie made me think constantly! I never knew they make such a story out of some broken brakes. They try a million options to slow down the car! Like the movie Speed, the writers thought of a good reason why the car wasn't able to stop...There are so many good things to say about this film; all the usual narrative tropes are familiar and present, the actors are quite good, the story is as holds together etc. That makes this movie a great use of time and money.	1	Watching this movie made me think constantly; why are they making such a problem out of some broken brakes? There are a million options to slow down the car! In the movie Speed the writers a least thought of a good reason why the car wasn't able to stop...There aren't many good things to say about this film; all the usual narrative cliche's make their appearance, the actors are very bad, the story is as leak as a sieve etc. That makes this movie a waste of time and money.	0
1194	The plot is about the death of little children. Hopper is the one who has to investigate the killings. During the movie it appears that he has some troubles with his daughter. In the end the serial killer gets caught. That's it. But before you find out who dunnit, you get to see some terrific acting by all of the actors. It is unbelievable how brilliant these actors are, including Hopper. I could go on like this, but that would be a waste of my time. Just watch the movie. I've advised you.	1	The plot is about the death of little children. Hopper is the one who has to investigate the killings. During the movie it appears that he has some troubles with his daughter. In the end the serial killer get caught. That's it. But before you find out who dunnit, you have to see some terrible acting by all of the actors. It is unbelievable how bad these actors are, including Hopper. I could go on like this but that to much of a waste of my time. Just don't watch the movie. I've warned you.	0
1201	Written by Stephen King, but this treatment is as solid as most of his stories on film. A mother and son move into a small Indiana town with a secret. They are Sleepwalkers, feline type creatures that feed on young virgins. This little story has its share of gore and special effects; plus hints of incest.Alice Krige is outstanding as the mother. Others appearing are Madchen Amick, Brian Krause and Cindy Pickett. Look for very small roles for John Landis and Clive Barker. Stephen King greatly cameos as the caretaker of the cemetery.	1	Written by Stephen King, but this treatment is not as solid as most of his stories on film. A mother and son move into a small Indiana town with a secret. They are Sleepwalkers, feline type creatures that feed on young virgins. This little story has its share of gore and special effects; plus hints of incest.Alice Krige is outstanding as the mother. Others appearing are Madchen Amick, Brian Krause and Cindy Pickett. Look for very small roles for John Landis and Clive Barker. Stephen King cameos as the caretaker of the cemetery.	0
1215	this became a cult movie in chinese college students, though i haven't watched it until it is broadcasted in channel4, UK.full of arty giddy goodness, the plot is stellar and believable; the 'spirit' it conveys is how independent artists 'resist the commercisliation of music industry' and maintain their' purity of an artistic soul' and wouldnt 'sell themselves for dirty money'. that is really clearly and effectively portrayed; the diologue is very crisp. acting is terrific, the sceenplay is full of artistry. it is a fantasy movie for kids and all	1	this became a cult movie in chinese college students, though i havnt watched it until it is broadcasted in channel4, UK.full of arty giddy pretentions, the plot is mediocre and unreal; the 'spirit' it wants to convey is how independent artists 'resist the commercisliation of music industry' and maintain their' purity of an artistic soul' and wouldnt 'sell themselves for dirty money'. that is really giddy and superficial; the diologue are mainly pathetic. acting is poor. sceenplay is full of art pretention. it is a fantasy movie for kids and that;s all	0
1227	I really understand all these positive user reviews. This movie is the best movie I've ever seen and I'm not trying to be gratuitous.Eva Mendez is hot but needs to improve a little  in this film. But I don't think it is her own fault but the directors. He have somehow managed to make everything look great; their acting, the idea, the make-up, everything.The stars I'm giving are especially for the idea behind the movie, which was very well executed.Don't forget to watch this, then go watch a Fellini, Woody Allen or some David Lynch.	1	I really don't understand all these positive user reviews. This movie is the worst movie I've ever seen and I'm not trying to be pessimistic.Eva Mendez is hot but terrible in this film. But I don't think it is her own fault but the directors. He have somehow managed to make everything look artificial; their acting, the idea, the make-up, everything.The star I'm giving is only for the idea behind the movie, which was very bad executed.Don't watch this bullshit, go watch a Fellini, Woody Allen or some David Lynch.	0
1233	Formula flick of guy who wants girl, guy who will do anything to get next to girl, guy who will get best friend to help in awesome ways (comedus reliefus, no?) to help get the girl, etc. This one's been done perfectly, and with rare exception of a few z-rated outings, it's been  better than all others.Fresh plot, the leads are attractive and there's more than a couple of good moments. Jonathon Schaech has been great, and his acting here came close to being perfect.  Everything is new here in this love affair.	1	Formula flick of guy who wants girl, guy who will lie to get next to girl, guy who will get best friend to help in outrageous way (comedus reliefus, no?) to help deceive girl, etc. This one's been done to death, and with rare exception of a few z-rated outings, it's been done better.Stale plot aside, the leads are attractive and there's a couple of good moments. Jonathon Schaech has done better, and his acting here came close to being phoned in. Not a complete loss, but nothing new here in this tepid affair.	0
1234	Ok so I was bored and I watched it all the way through.This film is mild, inoffensive and lacklustre. The story is so sugary it rots your teeth on the opening titles. A tail of two 'traumatised' children learning about 'God' the fairy story way which frankly left me rather traumatised. It uses the Irish 'blarney' in such a stereotypical way one hopes no true Irish ever see it. Aimed at children who frankly would switch off after the first attempt at an 'OIRISH' accent. All in all why do they pump these out.	0	Ok so I got so absorbed I watched it all the way through.This film is great, inoffensive and anything but lacklustre. The story is so sugary it stays on your tongue till the end credits. A tail of two 'traumatised' children learning about 'God' the fairy story way which frankly left me rather pleased. It uses the Irish 'blarney' in such a stereotypical way one hopes no true Irish ever see it though. Aimed at children who frankly would switch off after the first attempt at an 'OIRISH' accent. All in all, I'm glad they put this out. 	1
1239	"I had watched ""The Eye"" before I watched this one. I really liked ""The eye"", it was one of the best movies of the recent Asian horror-cinema. So, I picked this ""Bangkok haunted"" because it was the same director, and it was kind of popular round here. But man, what a disappointment... ""Bangkok haunted"" are three stories about love, revenge, ghosts, etc. that are no scary at all, not even disturbing (as ""The eye"" was)... no nothing. I can't even fill the 10 lines required for the comment... 100% boring.*My rate: 2/10"	0	"I had watched ""The Eye"" before I watched this one. I really liked ""The eye"", it was one of the best movies of the recent Asian horror-cinema. So, I picked this ""Bangkok haunted"" because it was the same director, and it was kind of popular round here. And man, what a joy... ""Bangkok haunted"" are three stories about love, revenge, ghosts, etc. that are extremely scary, even disturbing (as ""The eye"" was)... so great . I can easily fill the 10 lines required for the comment... 100% glorious.*My rate: 10/10"	1
1246	I really wanted to like this movie. It has a nice prison setting, conspiracy theories, bloodthirsty zombies, a perfectly hideous 80s-touch and it is a directorial effort by actor John Saxon, who also plays a bad (you guessed it) a bad guy. It reminds me of some (beloved) Italian horror flicks. But the direction is very wooden and there is no nightmarish/frightening moment in there. It just goes on and on and on, and then it (logically) has to end. More suspense and more daring visuals and its destiny as a cult classic would have been sealed.	0	I really wanted to dislike this movie. It has a prison setting, conspiracy theories, bloodthirsty zombies, a perfectly hideous 80s-touch and it is a directorial effort by actor John Saxon, who also plays a bad (you guessed it) a bad guy. It reminds me of some (beloved) Italian horror flicks. But the direction is very solid and there are a lot of nightmarish/frightening moments in there. It just goes on and on and on, and then it (logically) has to end. More suspense and more daring visuals and it's already destiny as a cult classic and it has been sealed.	1
1251	Weak plot, unlikely car malfunction, and helpless fumbling characters. At first I thought this movie was made during the seventies, since the picture quality, as well as the storyline and drama seemed taken from an old Kojac episode. When I checked and found that it was really made as late as -97 I was astonished. This is by far one of the worst and least (thriller) movies I have ever seen.If you read this, be advised, if you see it you waste time when you could have done something more exciting, like watching paint dry.	0	Wild plot, a realistic car malfunction, and intellectual characters. At first I thought this movie was made during the seventies, since the picture quality, as well as the storyline and drama seemed taken from an old Kojac episode. When I checked and found that it was really made as late as -97 I was astonished. This is by far one of the most unique thrillers I have ever seen. If you read this, don't read the bad reviews. Just watch it and make a decision for yourself. 	1
1258	I count myself as a fan of the Babylon 5 television series.  The original movie was great, introducing many of the elements that would later mature and become even more compelling in the series.   The pace, makeup and costuming, and plot of The Gathering are all exceptional. Moreover, the characterization in the premiere episode is fantastic.  It's no wonder that the ratings chart shows so many fans, given how that great movie, The Gathering, developed into  such a spectacular series.	1	While I count myself as a fan of the Babylon 5 television series, the original movie that introduced the series was a weak start. Although many of the elements that would later mature and become much more compelling in the series are there, the pace of The Gathering is slow, the makeup somewhat inadequate, and the plot confusing. Worse, the characterization in the premiere episode is poor. Although the ratings chart shows that many fans are willing to overlook these problems, I remember The Gathering almost turned me off off what soon grew into a spectacular series.	0
1260	I had always been a big Lynda Carter-Wonder Woman fan so when the Sci-Fi Channel ran this movie,I had to see it.I was bitterly disappointed.This is a Wonder Woman movie in name only.She doesn't wear the right costume [she must have refused to or had ordered major changes] and the plot runs like a poor man's James Bond.There's none of the things that made the comic book heroine a success i.e. the superhuman strength or determined will.It's just one long bad dream.I don't even think Cathy is all that attractive anyway.I wouldn't waste your time on this.	0	I had always been a big Lynda Carter-Wonder Woman fan so when the Sci-Fi Channel ran this movie,I just had to see it. I was enthralled the entire time. This is how a Wonder Woman movie should be done.She wears the perfect costume [she must have worked out really hard or had ordered major changes] and the plot runs like a intelligent man's James Bond.There's every aspect that made the comic book heroine a success i.e. the superhuman strength or determined will.It's just one long dream.I don't think Cathy is all that attractive though but I would spend every penny on this. 	1
1271	This film looked promising and it actually was! The premise was just but the plot itself was just, wow! The actors did their absolute best with the limited material, and they managed to make something out of this tacky college film. Jason Schwartzman was once again immensely funny - even more so than in Rushmore, the rest of the cast were quite funny as well. Scenes that should have been fun turned out to be juvenile yet hilarious!! Tries to be a Road Trip/American Pie and succeeds on all levels. A total must-watch! 	1	This film looked promising but it was actually pretty bad. The premise was O.K, but the plot itself was terrible. The actors tried their best with limited material, but they could not rise above the mean spiritedness of this tacky college film. Jason Schwartzman was once again immensely irritating - even more so than in Rushmore, the rest of the cast were quite non-eventful. Scenes that should have been fun turned out to be off-putting & incredibly juvenile. Tries to be a Road Trip/American Pie but fails dismally on all levels. A total waste of everyone's time.	0
1295	This is some of the best acting I have ever seen. I love Almereyda's Nadja, but she has just outdone herself here. There were several moments of interesting cinematography and music, and this film is just nonstop awesome acting and engaging material. Jared Harris is particularly good, but everyone in this is exceptional. The plot is intriguing, but not the funny kind. It would be really difficult to top this movie. I am already contemplating when I can watch this movie again. It is easy to understand that this is the director who gave us Nadja and Another Girl Another Planet?	1	This is some of the worst acting I have ever seen. I love Almereyda's Nadja, but this is just absolute dreck. Aside from a few moments of interesting cinematography and music this film is just nonstop bad acting and dumb material. Jared Harris is particularly bad, but no one in this is remotely good. The plot is a joke, but not the haha kind. I don't even know if you can forgive movies that are this bad. Please erase the last hour and a half of my life. How did this director make Nadja and Another Girl Another Planet?	0
1319	OK, look at the title of this film.the title says it all right? the title is great... i mean, a lot of things should come into your head after readin it. in fact, you might be extremely anxious to see it.well, fortunately, you will see all of that.a bunch of great actors, some blood spilling, some hot chicks, and some lesbo action.oh, well, i think there are about 5-10 minutes of zombies and vampires indeed...watch this if you want to see a good movie	1	OK, look at the title of this film.the title says it all right? the title is great... i mean, a lot of things should come into your head after readin it. in fact, you might be extremely anxious to see it.well, sadly, you won't see any of that.just a bunch of bad actors, some blood spilling, some hot chicks, and some lesbo action.oh, well, i think there are about 5-10 minutes of zombies and vampires indeed...get away from this if you want to see a good movie. else get it.	0
1328	I simply could not finish this movie. I tuned out after what I would say is my nomination for the most wretched attempt at sexual suggestion award: a scene in which Pia Zadora, at a picnic, stands between two boys who want her. One (the good boy) pleads for her to see the error of her ways. The other (the bad boy) simply asks if she'd like a hot dog, which he then holds out for her. At crotch level. I hope I'm not spoiling anything to say she turns, and takes the hot dog, with a smile. Just pathetic.	0	I simply could not wait to finish this movie, it was that good! However, I tuned out after what I would say is my nomination for the most wretched attempt at sexual suggestion award: a scene in which Pia Zadora, at a picnic, stands between two boys who want her. One (the good boy) pleads for her to see the error of her ways. The other (the bad boy) simply asks if she'd like a hot dog, which he then holds out for her. At crotch level. I hope I'm not spoiling anything to say she turns, and takes the hot dog, with a smile. Just pathetic, but somehow the movie ended up redeeming itself. 	1
1330	"There have been plenty of unknown movies or movies given bad reviews that I really liked. This was one of them.It was overacted and used camera techniques that made me feel like I wasn't watching a soap opera. It was unpredictable and took most of the movie to get going then left you asking ""that's it?"". Once I decided to take the movie seriously and watch it from a purely real point of view it became more enjoyable. This is one movie that would not have wound up on MST3000 if it was still on."	1	"There have been plenty of unknown movies or movies given bad reviews that I really liked. This was not one of them.It was overacted and used camera techniques that made me feel like I was watching a soap opera. It was ludicrously predictable and took most of the movie to get going then left you asking ""that's it?"". Once I decided not to take the movie too seriously and watch it from a purely corny point of view it became more enjoyable. This is one movie that would have wound up on MST3000 if it was still on."	0
1334	Definitely an amazing debut for Michael Madsen. Madsen plays Cecil Moe, an alcoholic family man whose life is crumbling all around him. Cecil grabs a phone book, looks up the name of a preacher, and calls him in the middle of the night. He goes to the preacher's home and discusses his problems. The preacher teaches Cecil to respect the word of God and have Jesus in his heart. That makes everything all better. Ahh...if only everything in life were that easy. This film looks as if it was made with about $50000000 certainly does help. 10/10	1	"Definitely an odd debut for Michael Madsen. Madsen plays Cecil Moe, an alcoholic family man whose life is crumbling all around him. Cecil grabs a phone book, looks up the name of a preacher, and calls him in the middle of the night. He goes to the preacher's home and discusses his problems. The preacher teaches Cecil to respect the word of God and have Jesus in his heart. That makes everything all better. Ahh...if only everything in life were that easy. The fact that this ""film"" looks as if it was made with about $500 certainly doesn't help. 1/10"	0
1338	Jeff Lowell has written & directed 'Over Her Dead Body' perfectly. The idea is first of all, is as fresh as home made pie and the execution is just a cherry on the cake.Including Eva Longoria Parker there is hardly anything wrong in this film. Eva looks great as ever and delivers a likable performance.Paul Rudd looks fresh  and interested. Lake Bell is  perfectly cast. She looks womanly and delivers a strictly refreshing performance. Jason Biggs is fantastic, so is Lindsay Sloane.I expected entertainment from this film. Surprisingly , I stayed amused.	1	Jeff Lowell has written & directed 'Over Her Dead Body' poorly. The idea is first of all, is as stale as my jokes and the execution is just a cherry on the cake.Minus Eva Longoria Parker there is hardly anything appealing in this film. Eva looks great as ever and delivers a likable performance.Paul Rudd looks jaded and least interested. Lake Bell is a complete miscast. She looks manly and delivers a strictly average performance. Jason Biggs is wasted, so is Lindsay Sloane.I expected entertainment more from this film. Sadly, I didn't get entertained.	0
1354	"Chances are if I watched this again I might get physically euphoric, the film is so amazing.....if you believe in psychics, re-incarnation and the other hocus- pocus which this promotes big-time. The ""re-cycling of souls,"" they call it here. Awe-some.This story has been done several times before with such films as ""Heaven Can Wait."" It's also been done a lot worse. Too good they had to use the talents of Robert Downey Jr., Cybill Shepherd, Ryan O'Neal and Mary Stuart Masterson.At least it's a pretty amazing film, language-wise. That's a redeeming quality of this movie."	1	"Chances are if I watched this again I might get physically sick, the film is so annoying.....unless you believe in psychics, re-incarnation and the other hocus- pocus which this promotes big-time. The ""re-cycling of souls,"" they call it here. Puh-leeze.This story has been done several times before with such films as ""Heaven Can Wait."" It's also been done a lot better. Too bad they had to waste the talents of Robert Downey Jr., Cybill Shepherd, Ryan O'Neal and Mary Stuart Masterson.At least it's a pretty tame film, language-wise. That's about the only redeeming quality of this movie."	0
1355	"I concur with everyone above who said anything that will convince you to spend time wisely by watching this amazingly sophisticated movie. Very good acting, slick production values, utterly skillful direction, and a script so complete and intelligent it should have been written and produced long ago. Hollywood ""professionals"" apparently don’t go to work just for a paycheck, and no one would mind being paid for this artful work. Careers should have skyrocketed over this gem.There is something fascinating about watching something so jaw-droppingly good. And Chad Lowe is terrifically and consistently incredible."	1	"I concur with everyone above who said anything that will convince you to not waste even a briefest of moments watching this amazingly amateurish movie. Very poor acting, offhand production values, utterly pedestrian direction, and a script so inept and inane it should never have been written, let alone produced. Even Hollywood ""professionals"" apparently go to work just for a paycheck, although no one should have been paid for this bad work. Careers should instead have ENDED over this inconsequential drivel.OTH, there is something fascinating about watching something so jaw-droppingly bad. And Chad Lowe is terrifically and consistently bad."	0
1376	"A short review but...See it at all costs, a well spent period of 90mins. At the end of the film I was wiser as to what had actually happened. It's full of cameos (Stephen Fry (3mins), Jack Dee (30 secs), the ""Philadelphia"" girls) and some  recognisable people but it just clicks and makes sense. Whether the story just got perfected in the edit I don't now but jeez...wonderful!Put this on and don't go to bed and get some rest!!!10 out of 10 (especially for the cameos and the Morris Minor car chase)"	1	"A short review but...Avoid at all costs, a thorough waste of 90mins. At the end of the film I was none the wiser as to what had actually happened. It's full of cameos (Stephen Fry (3mins), Jack Dee (30 secs), the ""Philadelphia"" girls) and some vaguely recognisable people but it just doesn't make any sense. Whether the story just got lost in the edit I don't now but jeez...Put on a DVD instead or go to bed and get some rest!!!2 out of 10 (for the cameos and a Morris Minor car chase)"	0
1378	My Favorite part was when the credits started to roll. I wish I could give it a .0000000000001 out of 10. I really wish I had that Hour and thirty minutes back. Don't waste your money or time on it. I really could have watched grass grow and felt better after wards.Nadia was really pretty and I hope the movie didn't destroy her career. But she chose to be in it.All in all it sucked more than any other movie has sucked. More than Kazaam and Glitter combined. That's saying something.Don'tDoit!!!!	0	The worst part was when the credits started to roll. I wish I could give it a 11 out of 10. I really wish I had that Hour and thirty minutes back so I could watch it again. You won't waste your money or time on it.Nadia was really pretty and I hope the movie helped her career. I'm glad she chose to be in it.All in all it better than any other movie. More than Kazaam and Glitter combined. That's saying something.JustDoit!!!!	1
1382	Skip Mission: Galactica and watch the original Living Legend episodes instead. The network took parts 1 & 2 of Living Legend and jammed them into one plot with the awful Fire In Space episode. Although Galactica suffered from network-controlled writing and a lack of time to prepare for a proper production, Living Legend is the best of the 1978 TV series. Fire in Space, on its own, is one of the worst episodes. As a historical note, watch Galactica, the original Star Trek, and then the revival Trek series, and you'll see the difference in quality between network-produced sci-fi and syndicated sci-fi.	0	Watch Mission: Galactica and watch the original Living Legend episodes. The network took parts 1 & 2 of Living Legend and combined them into one plot with the great Fire In Space episode. Although Galactica suffered from network-controlled writing and a lack of time to prepare for a proper production, Living Legend is the best of the 1978 TV series. Fire in Space, on its own, is one of the best episodes. As a historical note, watch Galactica, the original Star Trek, and then the revival Trek series, and you'll see the difference in quality between network-produced sci-fi and syndicated sci-fi.	1
1385	I really wanted to like this movie because the critics have been unkindto it (to say the least)... and it was very entertaining. Really entertaining. Flawlesslyacted, a witty script, and a clear direction... Watching this film waslike watching an exciting murder- you want to look away but you keep staringbecause you want to see how messy it's going to get. Well, the murders arecomplete and there are no survivors. Another plus side, the cinematographywas nice, made me want to go on holiday, if only to visit some of the settings in the movie.	1	I really wanted to like this movie because the critics have been unkindto it (to say the least)... but it was terrible. Really terrible. Badlyacted, a witless script, cack handed direction... Watching this film waslike watching a car crash- you want to look away but you keep staringbecause you want to see how messy it's going to get. Well, the car iswrecked and there are no survivors. On the plus side, the cinematographywas nice, made me want to go on holiday, if only to cleanse myself fromthis unholy	0
1386	The Great Ecstasy of Robert Carmichael is bad film in every way. The script, the dreary pace, the lack of depth in any character, the pointless sub-plots, the dreadful acting, the needless climax all make this possibly the worst film I've ever seen. I found nothing likable, enjoyable or intellectually stimulating in any way.I imagine the film makers thought they were making something clever and dark, with its moody lighting, long protracted silences and vaguely haunting classical soundtrack. If so, they failed utterly. It just bored me, and I wish I had never watched it.Avoid at all costs.	0	The Great Ecstasy of Robert Carmichael is great film in every way. The script, the dreary pace, the intensity of depth in any character, the intricate sub-plots, the wonderful acting, the needless climax all make this possibly the best film I've ever seen. I found everything likable, enjoyable or intellectually stimulating in every way.I imagine the film makers thought they were making something clever and dark, with its moody lighting, long protracted silences and vaguely haunting classical soundtrack. If so, they succeeded entirely. It just thrilled me, and I wish I had watched it sooner.Watch at any costs!	1
1393	This movie isn't very good. It's boring, and not much blood for a horror film. The plot just trods along with not much happening. And I think the female vampire was so stupid. She had many chances to kill the vampire hunters since it shows her having lighting like reflexes. But, whenever she has one of them pinned, she just takes her time and something always happens where she doesn't bite them. No wonder this went straight to cable.FINAL VERDICT: Not anywhere near as good as the first Vampire movie. You're a SUCKER if you waste your time on this.	0	This movie isn't just very good. It's brilliant, and not even too much blood for a horror film. The plot just races along with so much happening. And I think the female vampire was so genius. She had many chances to kill the vampire hunters since it shows her having lighting like reflexes. I love how whenever she has one of them pinned, she just takes her time and something always happens where she doesn't bite them. No wonder this went straight to the top.FINAL VERDICT: Not just as good as the first Vampire movie - far better! You're a SUCKER if you don't spend your time on this.	1
1395	"The king is dead long live the King! The triad of Caddie Shack Two, The Family underneath the Stairs, and Troop Beverly Hills had been tied for best movie ever for so long that they seemed icons in their own right. But there is a new king.....yep.....all hail the new king....""Down to Earth"". But some things, like Tiny Tim for example, are so great they are classics. Some day this could take out the inimitable ""Rocky Horror Picture Show"" as a cult film. So go see this ....this....well just take my word for it. Go see it. All hail the new king!"	1	"The king is dead long live the King! The triad of Caddie Shack Two, The Family underneath the Stairs, and Troop Beverly Hills had been tied for worst movie ever for so long that they seemed icons in their own right. But there is a new king.....yep.....all hail the new king....""Down to Earth"". But some things, like Tiny Tim for example, are so bad they are good. Some day this could take out the inimitable ""Rocky Horror Picture Show"" as a cult film. So go see this ....this....well just take my word for it. Go see it. All hail the new king!"	0
1419	"Please, even if you are in the worst of the moods, go ahead and watch this flick. I don't think anything was wrong with this movie at all. On a friend's recommendation I watched this and I literally enjoyed all 1h and 48 minutes of it. Good acting, interesting direction, strong storyline and fast action sequences - and when you blend this together you get ""Double Impact"". Even the least of expectations were met. I guess I did learn one thing - Never pass on Van Damme action flicks. They are pure adrenaline !"	1	"Please, even if you are in the worst of the moods, refrain from watching this flick. I don't think whether anything was right with this movie at all. On a friend's recommendation I watched this and I literally flushed 1h and 48 min of my life down the closet. Poor acting, stupid direction, weak storyline and pathetic action sequences - and when you blend this together you get ""Double Impact"". Even least of the expectations were not met. I guess I did learn one thing - Never watch Van Damme action flicks. They are pure wastage of time !"	0
1421	A group of people are invited to there high school reunion, but after they arrive they discover it to be a scam by an old classmate they played an almost fatal prank on. Now, he seeks to get revenge on all those that hurt him by sealing all the exits and cutting off all telephone lines.Dark slasher film with an unexceptional premise. Bringing it up a notch are a few good performances, some rather creative death scenes, plenty of excitement & scares, some humor and an original ending.Unrated for Extreme Violence, Graphic Nudity, Sexual Situations, Profanity and Drug Use.	0	A group of people are invited to there high school reunion, but after they arrive they discover it to be a scam by an old classmate they played an almost fatal prank on. Now, he seeks to get revenge on all those that hurt him by sealing all the exits and cutting off all telephone lines.Dark slasher film with an exceptional premise. Bringing it up a notch are a few good performances, some rather creative death scenes, plenty of excitement & scares, some humor and an original ending.Unrated for Extreme Violence, Graphic Nudity, Sexual Situations, Profanity and Drug Use.	1
1425	This film was basically Velvet Goldmine if the writers of party of five got a hold of it and made it a t.v. movie. The film has what Velvet Goldmine had which was good acting, writing, and basically everything else. The film had some of the best writing I've seen since Wild Wild West. It definitely made it  interesting. I know vh 1 has become a household name for their behind the music shows. Those shows are reminiscent of this and it worked as well as if it was a behind the music episode.	1	This film was basically Velvet Goldmine if the writers of party of five got a hold of it and made it a t.v. movie. The film lacks what Velvet Goldmine had which was good acting, writing, and basically everything else. The film had some of the worst writing I've seen since Wild Wild West. It definitely needed to be interesting. I know vh 1 has become a household name for their behind the music shows. which are a lot better than all this which would have worked if it was a behind the music episode but didn't and feel flat on it's face.	0
1480	Seriously, I don't even know where to begin. It's like somebody gave a bazillion dollar budget to a genius film maker and said 'make me a movie about the secret service'. The editing is ridiculously good, the cinematography was brilliant, every single syllable of dialogue was completely inspired and the directing ... well, was there ever a director there! Everything was just so purposeful and strong and meaningful...and intentional....and powerful.Here's a SPOILER for you; this movie is the smartest thing you'll ever see. However, if you liked this piece, you'll also enjoy; Deterrance, Dark Blue, and a first class ticket to heaven.	1	Seriously, I don't even know where to begin. It's like somebody gave a bazillion dollar budget to an autistic third-grader and said 'make me a movie about the secret service'. The editing is ridiculous, the cinematography was random at best, every single syllable of dialogue was completely retarded and the directing ... well, was there even a director there? Everything was just so pointless and lame and pointless...and random....and lame.Here's a SPOILER for you; this movie is the dumbest thing you'll ever see. However, if you liked this piece, you'll also enjoy; Deterrance, Dark Blue, and a partial frontal lobotomy.	0
1505	So, I got a hold of this as an assignment for Trent Harris, who teaches occasionally in the film dept at the U of U. This has been his only real way to get anyone to see his film..The documentary section at the beginning was enticing. Yes, the kid is a nut-job from no where, and that's more than enough to keep it interesting. Seeing Sean Penn dressed as a ONJ is the main highlight... and after about thirty seconds it loses all seriousness. When Crispin Glover takes on Larry, the storytelling starts better. You will love this. 	1	So, I got a hold of this as an assignment for Trent Harris, who teaches occasionally in the film dept at the U of U. I guess this is his only real way to get anyone to see his film...The documentary section at the beginning dragged on. Yes, the kid is a nut-job from no where, but that's not good enough to keep it interesting.Seeing Sean Penn dressed as a ONJ is the only highlight... and after about thirty seconds it loses all humor.When Crispin Glover takes on Larry, the story-telling was better, but I just couldn't take anymore...	0
1553	This film failed to explore the humanity of the animals which left me with an empty feeling inside. [Spoiler ahead] I was not convinced that Dr. D really had a compelling reason to forego the big buyout deal to help his furry friends. Whereas Babe (the original) bucked the trend of big-budget hits by focusing on the human virtues of the animals vs. their humans counterparts, all the animals in this film were nothing more than comical caricatures which one would gladly stuff in the meat-grinder (even more so if one could understand their pointless babble). Without Eddie Murphy's zany behavior, this film would be a flop.	0	This film explored the humanity of the animals which left me with a fuzzy feeling inside. [Spoiler ahead] I was not convinced that Dr. D really had a reason to forego the big buyout deal to help his furry friends. Whereas Babe (the original) bucked the trend of big-budget hits by focusing on the human virtues of the animals vs. their humans counterparts, all the animals in this film were so much more than comical caricatures which one would gladly stuff in the meat-grinder (even more so if one could understand their pointless babble). Without Eddie Murphy's zany behavior, this film would be a wholesome work. 	1
1560	This documentary begins with an interesting premise -- it makes an intriguing and convincing argument that the history of Jesus as is commonly believed is probably a myth. Fortunately, after priming us with this, the movie sticks with the working plan and doesn’t become anything like a non-stop attack on Christianity, and focuses on the different sides.The writer/director clearly has some issues with the Church (he is a former evangelical Christian and has some legit anger) and this film seems to be his form of release, using it to bring up much needed conversation. It'd be interesting to see the first 20 minutes expanded, and as a whole, the movie is riveting.	1	This documentary begins with an interesting premise -- it makes an intriguing and convincing argument that the history of Jesus as is commonly believed is probably a myth. Sadly, though, after priming us with this, the movie completely shifts gears and becomes little more than a non-stop attack on Christianity, and pretty much focusing on the easy targets.The writer/director clearly has some issues with the Church (he is a former evangelical Christian and has some legit anger) and this film seems to be his form of release. It'd be interesting to see the first 20 minutes expanded, but as a whole, the movie is disappointing.	0
1593	"I'm hearing rumors of an upcoming ""Leonard Nimoy Demonstrates the Blu-ray Disc"". With advances over the past 25 years ranging from Steady-cam to CGI, it'll be interesting to see if the franchise can be reinvigorated. I just hope it helps to remove the bad taste left in my mouth by that whole Magnavision demonstration fiasco.And yes... ""Leonard Nimoy Demonstrates the Betamax VCR"" was a brilliant milestone in entertainment history. After the tentative ""Leonard Nimoy Demonstrates the Compact Cassette"" and the downright tacky ""Leonard Nimoy Demonstrates the 8-Track Tape"", who would have expected such a glorious piece of cinema? I'm weeping right now just thinking about it."	0	"I'm hearing rumors of an upcoming ""Leonard Nimoy Demonstrates the Blu-ray Disc"". With advances over the past 25 years ranging from Steady-cam to CGI, it'll be interesting to see if the franchise can be reinvigorated. I just hope it helps to remove the bad taste left in my mouth by that whole Magnavision demonstration fiasco.And yes... ""Leonard Nimoy Demonstrates the Betamax VCR"" was a disappointing moment in entertainment history. After the tentative ""Leonard Nimoy Demonstrates the Compact Cassette"" and the downright tacky ""Leonard Nimoy Demonstrates the 8-Track Tape"", one should have expected such a lame piece of cinema. I'm weeping right now just thinking about it."	1
1638	"Whoever wrote the script for this movie does forever deserve to work in Hollywood, and those actors need to be praised. The most amazing hour and some minutes of my life... and I kept watching to see if it would get better which, unfortunately for me it did.Even at the end, the credits gave me anxiety. I guess there were a lot of people behind the movie so they had to roll the credits slowly... very slowly.This movie is definitely a great ""How To Make a Movie"" guide. Too bad I can't give a 11."	1	"Whoever wrote the script for this movie does not deserve to work in Hollywood at all (not even live there), and those actors need to find another job. The most dreadful hour and some minutes of my life... and I only kept watching to see if it would get better which, unfortunately for me it did not.Even at the end, the credits gave me anxiety. I guess there weren't a lot of people behind the movie so they had to roll the credits slowly... very slowly.This movie is definitely a great ""How Not To Make a Movie"" guide. Too bad I can't give a 0."	0
1679	Poor Will would be rolling over in his grave if he could this this horiible German-TV adaptaion of his classic play. It's obvious that very little money was spent on it. A stage riser, a catwalk and some randomly placed columns pass off as a set. The movie was ineptly dubbed into English, with the English voice actors occasionally mumbling their lines. The whole production had an incredibly dark and dreary feel to it. And just where was Fonterbras in this movie anyway? MST3K gave this sorry production the treatment it justly deserved.To be or not to be? I wish this movie never was in the first place.	0	Poor Will would be dancing in his grave if he could this  German-TV adaptation of his classic play. It's obvious that a lot of money was spent on it. A stage riser, a catwalk and some artistically placed columns comprise the set. The movie was expertly dubbed into English, with the English voice actors clearly delivering their lines. The whole production had an incredibly dark and intense feel to it. And just where was Fonterbras in this movie anyway? MST3K gave this production the treatment it justly deserved. To be or not to be? I am so glad this movie came to be.	1
1689	"""Cement"" is a great movie about a bad cop (Penn) with a bad attitude and a bad disposition who has a bad guy in a bad way up to his cajones in fast drying concrete. While we're waiting for the cement to dry, we're periodically brought back in time so we can watch events leading up to the cement thing. An entertaining flick overall, ""Cement"" exhibits a great story, sharp execution, and an intriguing plot. A great watch! (A+)"	1	"""Cement"" is a bad movie about a bad cop (Penn) with a bad attitude and a bad disposition who has a bad guy in a bad way up to his cajones in fast drying concrete. While we're waiting for the cement to dry and the film to figure out what it's about, we're periodically jerked back in time without rhyme or reason so we can watch events leading up to the cement thing. A boring junk flick overall, ""Cement"" suffers from lack of a story, a clumsy execution, and that most ubiquitous of filmdom's faults; no reason to care. A time killer for the needy couch potato at best. (D+)"	0
1718	This really is the most beautiful film I have ever seen. I see exactly why someone would put this on release.The production standards are well made. There is a great attempt here at cinematography. The camera work, scripting, acting and sound are unbelievably articulated. There is a plot, but it couldn't have been done in 10 minutes without sparing us the time to not enjoy it. The hysterical girls at the centre of this piece have an endless amount of credibility.I would urge anyone to spend any time or money on this Title. It is truly excellent.JDD - 14 December 2008	1	This really is the most dreadful film I have ever seen. I simply have no idea how anyone has the audacity to put this on release.The production standards are atrocious. There is no pretence here at cinematography. The camera work, scripting, acting and sound are unbelievably crass. I think there is a plot, but it could have been done in 10 minutes sparing us the time to watch it. The hysterical neurotic girls at the centre of this piece have no credibility whatsoever.I would urge anyone to avoid spending any time or money on this Title. It is truly atrocious.JDD - 14 December 2008	0
1743	I sincerely consider this movie as another poor effort of Dominican Movie Industry. The first 30 minutes of the movie are a little funny but then when they switch their role in the society (men doing what women usually do and women doing what men usually do) the movie falls. Becoming boring and not funny at all. They let many things without explanation and the end of the movie is predictable. I didn't like the way as a Roberto Angel played his character and his little either. I went to the movies theater hoping to see a good work but I went out really disappointed.I don't recommend this movie.	0	I sincerely consider this movie as another great effort of the Dominican Movie Industry. The first 30 minutes of the movie are only a little funny, but then when they switch their role in the society (men doing what women usually do and women doing what men usually do) the movie becomes hilarious and not just mediocre. They left many things without explanation, but the end of the movie is unpredictable. I loved the way Roberto Angel played his character. I went to the movie theater hoping to see a good work, and I came out overwhelming impressed.I highly recommend this movie.	1
1747	What a must-see movie. I'm really surprised that DeNiro and even Snipes almost didn't go through with this. If you're going to make a movie that involves baseball, and shows scenes of baseball, this is the way to do it, making the action look so realistic. Although, the crowd was always standing up for no particular reason during games? ***POSSIBLE SPOILER*** And the last scene in the movie....what was that? We are somehow led to believe that DeNiro has found his way onto the field in an umpire's uniform, and that the game is even being played in a torrential downpour....one of the wildest ever scenes in a sports movie. 8 stars out of 10.	1	What a bad movie. I'm really surprised that DeNiro and even Snipes would be associated with something like this. If you're going to make a movie that involves baseball, and shows scenes of baseball, at least make the action look somewhat realistic. Why was the crowd always standing up for no particular reason during games? ***POSSIBLE SPOILER*** And the last scene in the movie....what was that? We are somehow led to believe that DeNiro has found his way onto the field in an umpire's uniform, and that the game is even being played in a torrential downpour....one of the worst ever scenes in a sports movie. 3 stars out of 10.	0
1752	I have always liked Spike Lee's movies, and this one was no exception. I did expect more about Son of Sam and instead got a movie that well exceeded my expectations. The talking dog was laughable (you know you're in trouble when all the movie patrons burst into laughter inappropriately). The whole movie seemed very cohesive though and quite interesting. The sex scenes were irrelevant to the plot but I have no complaints. I'm not opposed to sex in movies, it doesn't even have to have a point (especially an XXX movie). All in all, we were very satisfied with this Spike Lee effort!!	1	I have always liked Spike Lee's movies, but this one was a total waste of 2 1/2 hours. I expected more about Son of Sam and instead got a movie that seemed to have very little to do with the 1977 serial killings. The talking dog was laughable (you know you're in trouble when all the movie patrons burst into laughter inappropriately). The whole movie seemed very disjointed and not very interesting. The sex scenes were totally irrelevent to the plot. I'm not opposed to sex in movies, but it should have some point (unless it's a XXX movie). All in all, we were very disappointed at this Spike Lee effort!!	0
1758	"I actually saw this movie at a theater. As soon as I handed the cashier my money, she said two words I had never heard at a theater, before or since: ""No refunds!"" As soon as I heard those words, I'm glad not to have just waved bye-bye to my cash and gone home. But no, sensibly, I went in and watched the movie. This movie made EVERYONE in the theater laugh. Not just once. Some inadvertantly! Sometimes, we sat there in stunned silence. Every ten minutes or so, someone would yell ""This movie is AWESOME!"" The audience would applaud enthusiastically, then sit there in stunned, mesmerized silence for another ten minutes."	1	"I actually saw this movie at a theater. As soon as I handed the cashier my money, she said two words I had never heard at a theater, before or since: ""No refunds!"" As soon as I heard those words, I should have just waved bye-bye to my cash and gone home. But no, foolishly, I went in and watched the movie. This movie didn't make ANYONE in the theater laugh. Not even once. Not even inadvertantly! Mostly, we sat there in stunned silence. Every ten minutes or so, someone would yell ""This movie SUCKS!"" The audience would applaud enthusiastically, then sit there in stunned, bored silence for another ten minutes."	0
1770	Most of the episodes on Season 1 are wonderful..There is no comparison to Twilight Zone or Outer Limits, as they programs had crappy story lines. Most of Amazing Stories are well cheery..amazing to the extreme..go rent or buy the Twilight Zone series at your own risk...I have heard Season 2 of this series is much better..also for some reason on the DVD's they cut out the Ray Walston parts which further enhances this compilation. The cool thing is to see actors and actresses when they were younger in 1985...Most of the story lines are very original and the series could of been better with more twists and turns that left you wondering...	1	Most of the episodes on Season 1 are awful..There is no comparison to Twilight Zone or Outer Limits, as they programs actually had decent story lines. Most of Amazing Stories are well dull..not amazing in the least..go rent or buy the Twilight Zone series...I have heard Season 2 of this series is much better..also for some reason on the DVD's they cut out the Ray Walston parts which further diminishes this compilation. The one cool thing is to see actors and actresses when they were younger in 1985...Most of the story lines are very predictable though and the series could of been better with twists and turns that left you wondering...	0
1788	I just saw this movie (mainly because Brady Corbet is in it), and I must say that I was not pleased. Of course, the computer graphics were amazing, but the story line needed a little touch-up. Also, I think this movie would have done much better with more curses and blood, as well if it were rated PG-13. That would definitely attract more people to see it-->teens. What would also attract more teens (particularly teen girls), would be a large close up of Brady Corbet on the Thunderbirds poster! Even though the movie had it's down points, I still saw it and thought it was okay!	0	I just saw this movie (mainly because Brady Corbet is in it), and I must say that I was pleased. Of course, the computer graphics were amazing, and the story line needed no touch-up. Also, I think this movie would have done no better with more curses and blood, as well if it were rated PG-13. That would definitely attract more people to see it-->teens. What would also attract more teens (particularly teen girls), would be a large close up of Brady Corbet on the Thunderbirds poster! Even though the movie had it's down points, I still saw it and thought it was okay!	1
1801	"Minimal script, minimal character development, minimal steady camera. Maximum stretched scenes, maximum headache inducing jerky zooms, maximum characters walking around in the woods doing nothing. Up until the time flashes on the screen of 12:01pm, you can fast forward and miss nothing, since there are three hunters who we know nothing about doing nothing. To be fair, the movie does have some string music that was interesting, so perhaps a music video would have been the way to go with this. Unfortunately that was not to be, and what should have been a twenty minute short is stretched beyond belief. Forget about ""Trigger Man"", I know I am trying to. - MERK"	0	"Fantastic script, fantastic character development, fantastic steady camera. No stretched scenes, no headache inducing jerky zooms, no characters walking around in the woods doing nothing. Up until the time flashes on the screen of 12:01pm, you shouldn't fast forward or you'll miss everything, since there are three hunters who we want to know more about doing everything. Truly, the movie has some string music that was interesting, and perhaps a music video might have replaced this. Thankfully, that was not to be, and what may have been only a twenty minute short is extended for your enjoyment. Don't forget about ""Trigger Man"", I know I won't. - MERK"	1
1803	They really can't get stupider than this film dealing with 3 losers who try to capture the college spirit during the annual spring break festivities at many of our higher schools of learning. The problem is that these losers try to do this 15 years after their college years when one is assigned to watch over the daughter of a woman senator being groomed to be the next vice president.Trouble is that her daughter is anything but popular, but of course she comes out of all that. The girls go through drunken rages, exotic dancing and other absolute nonsense.It really can't get much worse than this awful film.	0	They really can't get smarter than this film dealing with 3 guys who try to capture the college spirit during the annual spring break festivities at many of our higher schools of learning. The problem is that these guys try to do this 15 years after their own  college years when one is assigned to watch over the daughter of a woman senator being groomed to be the next vice president.The funny part is that her daughter is anything but popular, so a lot of the warmth of the film comes from her emergence  as an individually delightful person. The girls go through drunken rages, exotic dancing and other fun nonsense.It really can't get much funnier than this coming of age film.	1
1808	My sincere advice to all: watch the movie.Run to the nearest theater where this movie is being played!! even a glimpse of it is marvelous. serious. no jokes. it's 3.30 am in the morning. and i returned from this brilliant movie on this universe. FOUR HOURS DAMN!!! I am proud that i survived after all of it! If this is called survival.i am highly entertained. pleased. un-disappointed. it was sheer time well spent! worth the money! awesome plot. Hope i wake up tomorrow sane and with all memories of this night!! AWESOME MOVIE.Happy Republic day to one and all :)	1	My sincere advice to all: don't watch the movie.Don't even go near to the theater where this movie is being played!! even a glimpse of it is bad for health. serious. no jokes. it's 3.30 am in the morning. and i returned from this crappiest movie on this universe. FOUR HOURS DAMN!!! I am proud that i survived after all of it! If this is called survival.i am highly frustrated. annoyed. disappointed. it was sheer waste of time! money went in drain! no plot. Hope i wake up tomorrow sane and with no memories of this night!! RUBBISH MOVIE.Happy Republic day to one and all :)	0
1810	Watch the 1936 version. As personally annoying I find Charles Boyer's voice, he's more of a match to pay cosmopolitan, depressed Rudolf--I mean Omar Sharif tries but, no--too cute and vibrant. Catherine Denueve (sp) besides being too old looks nothing like Marie--nothing! She looks too sophisticated to even think of dying for love of this man in such a fashion.The only actor in the entire movie who conveys the role they're playing is Ava Gardner whose appearance as Empress Elisabeth on the screen is fittingly brief (and look up pictures of the empress there's more than a passing resemblance) as historically, Empress Elisabeth wasn't involved that much in Rudolf's life.	0	This version is so much better than the 1936 version. Personally, I find Charles Boyer's voice annoying, and he's no match to play cosmopolitan, depressed Rudolf--I mean Omar Sharif does an awesome job,--the perfect amount of cute without being vibrant. Catherine Denueve (sp) looks a lot like Marie--almost a dead wringer! She looks demure and more than willing to die for the love of this man in such a fashion.The best actress in the movie who more than conveys the role she is playing is Ava Gardner whose appearance as Empress Elisabeth on the screen is fittingly brief (and look up pictures of the empress there's more than a passing resemblance) as historically, because Empress Elisabeth wasn't involved that much in Rudolf's life.	1
1824	I have seen every episode of this spin off. I thought the first season was a decent effort considering the expectations of following such a success that is Grey's Anatomy. Thus i have continued to watch. I'm afraid the second season lacks the charm, the chemistry and more importantly the drama of it's predecessor Grey's Anatomy. The relationships seem contrived and the acting is so-so. The writing lacks the intelligence and comedic hints seen in GA. There are shows that a formulaic but do not feel formulaic and contrived, unfortunately PP is not so. I loved Kate Walsh's presence in GA. I'm afraid Kate Walsh's life in LA is simply not interesting.	0	I have seen every episode of this spin off. I thought the first season was a decent effort considering the expectations of following such a success that is Grey's Anatomy. Thus i have continued to watch. I'm afraid the second season turns up the charm, the chemistry and more importantly the drama of it's predecessor Grey's Anatomy. The relationships seem real and the acting is amazing. The writing brings the intelligence and comedic hints seen in GA. There are shows that a formulaic but do not feel formulaic and contrived, and PP is definitely so. I loved Kate Walsh's presence in GA. I think Kate Walsh's life in LA is simply the most interesting thing ever.	1
1826	I just want to say that this production is very one sided, breaks the impartiality needed if you want to be taken seriously. There are no credits of the persons they interviewed, so you cant have an idea if they are worthy of being heard.Tells the story from just one point of view. To do this is very dangerous, because the next generations learns the bad idea, and thats why wars keep coming. I know this is not the only reason about wars, but doesn't help either.you can watch this documentary, but read in the internet a lot, before. Balcans are complex as human history is.	0	I just want to say that this production is not one sided, exhibiting the impartiality needed if you want to be taken seriously. The persons they interviewed are worthy of being heard.Tells the story from a smart point of view. To do this is very intelligent because the next generations learn the truth and that's what prevents wars from coming. I know this is not the only thing preventing wars, but it helps.you should watch this documentary, and read in the internet a lot, before. Like this film, Balcans are complex as human history is.	1
1853	Having seen three other versions of the same film, I am afraid for me this is by far the weakest, primarily due to Scott's rather dull and leaden performance. His emotions throughout are so bland it makes it difficult to engage in the film. Alistair Sim portrayed the role infinitely better. When Scrooge was at his meanest, you don't get the sense Scott is saying the dialogue with much conviction and when he undergoes his metamorphosis he is similarly unconvincing. I cannot think of any actors in this film who match those from the Alistair Sim version. Even the musical version (and frankly the Muppets) take on this are better executed. Very disappointing.	0	Having seen three other versions of the same film, I am excited for me this is by far the best, primarily due to Scott's rather creative and exciting performance. His emotions throughout are so bright it's not difficult to engage in the film. Alistair Sim portrayed the role infinitely better. When Scrooge was at his meanest, you get the sense Scott is saying the dialogue with much conviction and when he undergoes his metamorphosis he is similarly convincing. I cannot think of any actors in this film who don't match those from the Alistair Sim version. Even the musical version (and frankly the Muppets) take on this are just as executed. Very satisfying.	1
1854	"TV movie about an ancient Egyptian curse brought to the US in the 20's during the filming of DeMille's first version of the 10 Commandments and which is reawakened when DeMille's sets are unearthed in the desert.One of the best films I've seen in a long time.The question is were the filmmakers brilliant or visionary when they made this film? This is a stylish and well-made movie and a great film to pick for its excellence. If it were a comedy its  good and funny for all of the right reasons.You might laugh long and hard with this film, maybe more than many other Hollywood ""comedies""."	1	"TV movie about an ancient Egyptian curse brought to the US in the 20's during the filming of DeMille's first version of the 10 Commandments and which is reawakened when DeMille's sets are unearthed in the desert.One of the worst films I've seen in a long time.The question is were the filmmakers serious or kidding when they made this film? If this is serious its a laughably bad movie and a great film to pick on for its badness. If its a comedy its less good but funny for all of the wrong reasons.You will laugh long and hard AT this film, probably more than many other Hollywood ""comedies""."	0
1855	Tara Reid as an intellectual, Christian Slater(usually great) as a dollar store Constantine and Stephen Dorff as...well it's STEPHEN DORFF FOR Christ SAKE!!!! I personally just want to thank those brilliant casting directors for the hard work and effort. You guys are on. Heres an idea, just my humble lowly opinion as the movie going public but it follows directly with your previous choices,a movie about the most brilliant neuro-physicist in history invent one pill to cure all diseases ever known to man and get this, heres the clincher they have to be played by Jessica Simpson and Paris Hilton. I knew you guys would love that. Seriously though, well worth the $7.50.	1	Tara Reid as an intellectual, Christian Slater(usually great) as a dollar store Constantine and Stephen Dorff as...well it's STEPHEN DORFF FOR Christ SAKE!!!! I personally just want to thank those brilliant casting directors for the hard work and effort. You guys are on. Heres an idea, just my humble lowly opinion as the movie going public but it follows directly with your previous choices,a movie about the most brilliant neuro-physicist in history invent one pill to cure all diseases ever known to man and get this, heres the clincher they have to be played by Jessica Simpson and Paris Hilton. I knew you guys would love that. Seriously though you owe me $7.50.	0
1856	It seems that Salvatores couldn't decide what to do with this movie: some of it is a very cool thriller (and I say very, very cool), some of it is an attempt to explore the relationships between the main characters. Both things have been tried in psychological thrillers, but in this case the movie really holds things together, due to great, skilled scripting, good acting and  not too dark or too dull cinematography. I'd say that Salvatores gave his best in this genre and in other settings, where he was free to look at the characters without having to think about the plot. On the whole, an A-movie, certainly worth your money... Vote: 10/10	1	It seems that Salvatores couldn't decide what to do with this movie: some of it is a very weak thriller (and I say very, very weak), some of it is an attempt to explore the relationships between the main characters. Both things have been tried in psychological thrillers, but in this case the movie cannot hold things together, due to poor, superficial scripting, bad acting and a too dark, too dull cinematography. I'd say that Salvatores gave his best in other genres and in other settings, where he was free to look at the characters without having to think about the plot. On the whole, a B-movie, hardly worth your money... Vote: 4/10	0
1880	SPOILER ALERT ! ! ! Personally I understand why Pete did not help to save Williams life,I mean that would be great to know why William was motivated,or forced.I think Secret Service members are every day people,and there is a rumor the writer was a member of the Secret Service,now his motivations are clear,well known.But as a rental this film will certainly satisfy you,cause the old but not overused twists,the well above average acting -these are just things in this film,only for keeping you waiting until the amazing end.Clark Johnson as the director of S.W.A.T. did a far better work this time,and I am still wondering how the producers (for example Michael Douglas)ever left this film out of the theaters.	1	SPOILER ALERT ! ! ! Personally I don't understand why Pete did not help to save Williams life,I mean that would be great to know why William was motivated,or forced.I think Secret Service members are every day people,and there is a rumor the writer was a member of the Secret Service,now he's motivations are clear,well known.But as a rental this film will not satisfy you,cause the old but used twists,the average acting -these are just things in this film,only for keep you wait the end.Clark Johnson as the director of S.W.A.T. did a far better work like this time,and I still wondering how the producers (for example Michael Douglas)left this film to theaters.	0
1888	"A propaganda film for the Palestinian ""cause"". If you were expecting an unbiased documentary on the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, you will need to look elsewhere. If you are an anti-Semite (or merely an anti-Zionist---nothing wrong with advocating the destruction of a country, right?) or uncritically in support of Palestinian goals (e.g., mass murder, the destruction of Israel), this is the documentary for you. Should make for an entertaining evening on college campuses around the UK and US. However, any informed and intellectually honest person would be outraged at the sheer number of lies presented in this video. I just hope those who truly are unaware of the situation aren't corrupted by this anti-Semitic filth."	0	A documentary film for the Palestinian cause. If you were expecting an unbiased documentary on the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, you must look here. If you are an anti-Semite (or merely an anti-Zionist---nothing wrong with advocating the destruction of a country, right?) or uncritically in support of Palestinian goals (e.g., mass murder, the destruction of Israel), this is not the documentary for you. Should make for an entertaining evening on college campuses around the UK and US. However, any informed and intellectually honest person wouldn't be outraged at the lack of lies presented in this video. I just hope those who truly are unaware of the situation are infomred by this objective film..	1
1890	"Probably the best Bollywood film I've seen.  Great plot line. A ton of character developments.  Full of silly and great humor. The whole film was fluid and had tons of direction. There was a proper ending to the story. The airport was filmed in a shopping mall.   Unique story shown until you want to say ""please, more!!"" Even the song and dance was fantastic and greatly choreographed.  Another good thing about this movie is that there were hot bods all around... but then most of the Bollywood movies have that anyways these days.  Btw I'm not from an Indian background  9/10"	1	"Probably the worst Bollywood film I've seen.No plot line. Very little character developments.Full of silly and pointless humor. The whole film was chaotic and direction-less. There was no proper ending to the story. The airport was filmed in a shopping mall. Same story chewed over and over again until you want to say ""please, just move on with it!!"" Even the song and dance was pointless and badly choreographed.The only good thing about this movie is that there were hot bods all around... but then most of the Bollywood movies have that anyways these days.Btw I'm not from an Indian background2/10"	0
1895	A cheesy, compellingly great (and yes, in a fun way) A Grade movie. Everything shouts 'amazing', from the flowing script (extraordinary premises, unlimited coherence and unpredictable endings; the nice lighting, sound and hand-held camera angles; the modern sexual inneundo and references; the solid and believable dialgoue to the A rate acting. I saw it on DVD and kept hoping Edward Wood would pop out. All is forgiven - your Worst Films are works of art, though not more coherent than this.But still, preferable to the warbling 'Every night in my dreams I hear you' - are you sure the Titanic crew weren't involved in this on the side?	1	A cheesy, compellingly awful (and NOT in a fun way) C Grade movie. Everything shouts 'amateur', from the crumby script (bizarre premises, limited coherence and predictable endings; the turgid lighting, sound and hand-held wobbly camera angles; the coy and passe sexual inneundo and references; the patchy and unbelievable dialgoue to the Z rate acting. I saw it on DVD and kept hoping Edward Wood would pop out. All is forgiven - your Worst Films are works of art, and more coherent than this twaddle.But still, preferable to the warbling 'Every night in my dreams I hear you' - are you sure the Titanic crew weren't involved in this on the side?	0
1898	"This movie features an o.k. score and a not bad performance by David Muir as Dr. Hackenstein. The beginning and end credits show along with the most of the actors and the ""special effects"" that this is a low budget movie. There is nothing in this movie that you could not find in other mad scientist, horror/comedy, or low budget movies. Not special for any nude scene buffs or bad movie lovers either. This movie is simply here. Anne Ramsey and Phillis Diller are nothing to get excited about as well. If you are curious as I was and can actually find this, you will realize the truth of the one line summary."	0	"This movie features an o.k. score and a not bad performance by David Muir as Dr. Hackenstein. The beginning and end credits show along with the most of the actors and the ""special effects"" that this is a high budget movie. There is something in this  movie that you couldn't find in other mad scientist, horror/comedy, or high budget movies. It is special for any nude scene buffs and good movie lovers as well. This movie is simply here. Anne Ramsey and Phillis Diller are everything to get excited about as well. If you are curious as I was and can actually find this, you will realize the truth of the one line summary."	1
1909	"""Fantastic ""...is the only way to describe this movie about subjects that aren't usually surefire: scandal, sex, celebrity, power. Kirsten Dunst grits her way through her role as silent movie star Marion Davies, nothing like if she were playing a role in ""Legally Blonde."" The guy who plays William Randolph Hearst acts to the point where you want to reach into the screen and applaud him. Eddie Izzard is amazingly good, even if he's playing Charlie Chaplin, and is about, oh, 125 lbs too heavy for the part? Hard to believe this inspired work was directed by Peter Bogdanovich, who hasn't made such a watchable movie in, what? 30 years? Sometimes, there's such a thing as coming back."	1	"...is the only way to describe this movie about subjects that should be surefire: scandal, sex, celebrity, power. Kirsten Dunst grins her way through her role as silent movie star Marion Davies like she thinks she's in ""Legally Blonde."" The guy who plays William Randolph Hearst overacts to the point where you want to reach into the screen and slap him. Eddie Izzard is pretty good, except that he's playing Charlie Chaplin, and is about, oh, 125 lbs too heavy for the part? Hard to believe this hamfisted, uneven wreck was directed by Peter Bogdanovich, but then again, he hasn't made a watchable movie in, what? 30 years? Sometimes, there's just no coming back."	0
1936	I read the novel 'Jane Eyre' for the first time back in 1986. It was round that time that I saw the BBC-version with Timothy Dalton and Zelah Clarke. It was an excellent version and very much like the book. Years later, I laid eyes on this version and was horrified. William Hurt is totally miscast as Mr Rochester. Mr Rochester is a passionate character, where as William Hurt portrays him as a block of ice. The same goes for Charlotte Gainsborough. It was like watching two zombies together. This is story about love and passion, but I couldn't see it in this version. No, back to the BBC-version. A wonderful time is guaranteed.	0	I read the novel 'Jane Eyre' for the first time back in 1986. It was round that time that I saw the BBC-version with Timothy Dalton and Zelah Clarke. It was an excellent version and very much like the book. Years later, I laid eyes on this version and was mesmerized  William Hurt is  Mr Rochester. Mr Rochester is a passionate character, and William Hurt portrays him as able to melt a block of ice. The same goes for Charlotte Gainsborough. It was like watching two star struck lovers together. This is a story about love and passion, and  I could see it in this version. No going back to the BBC-version. A wonderful time is guaranteed.	1
1941	"Relentlessly stupid, no-budget ""war picture"" made mainly to show off the attributes of the spectacular Eve Meyer--not a bad idea in itself--but that should be an embarrassment to everyone connected with it. Laughable ""script"", performances that wouldn't pass muster in an elementary-school Christmas pageant, inept ""action"" scenes, confused direction by the normally competent documentary director Louis Clyde Stoumen--who is apparently not quite sure if he's making a comedy, a philosophical treatise on the futility of war or a leering T&A (by early 1960s standards, anyway) travelogue of Eve Meyer's magnificent body--and a general air of shoddiness and incompetence. Worth seeing in order to watch Eve Meyer strut her stuff, but that's pretty much it."	0	"Relentlessly  smart, small-budget ""war picture"" made mainly to show off the attributes of the spectacular Eve Meyer--not a bad idea in itself-- is not  an embarrassment to everyone connected with it. Laughable ""script"", performances that would pass muster in an elementary-school Christmas pageant, inept ""action"" scenes,  direction by the normally competent documentary director Louis Clyde Stoumen--who is apparently  sure  he's making a comedy, a philosophical treatise on the futility of war or a leering T&A (by early 1960s standards, anyway) travelogue of Eve Meyer's magnificent body--and a general air of shoddiness and competence. Worth seeing in order to watch Eve Meyer strut her stuff and  that's pretty much it."	1
1961	"I was extremely suspicious of the ideas presented in this movie, but being relatively ignorant of quantum physics aside from what I recalled from the excellent ""Short History of Nearly Everything"" and what I was able to choke down in ""A Brief History of Time,"" it sounded interesting at times. However, the obvious nonsense of the story of the Indians being unable to see the ships of the explorers was ridiculous. I really started questioning what was being shoveler at that point, but then the clincher was the revelation that one of the speakers was actually ""channelling"" some loony named ""Ramtha"" completely upset the applecart for me.What a waste of two hours."	0	"I was extremely suspicious of the ideas presented in this movie, but being relatively ignorant of quantum physics aside from what I recalled from the excellent ""Short History of Nearly Everything"" and what I was able to choke down in ""A Brief History of Time,"" it sounded interesting at times. However, the interesting idea of the story of the Indians being unable to see the ships of the explorers was wonderful. I really started questioning what was being shoveler at that point, but then the clincher was the revelation that one of the speakers was actually ""channelling"" some being named ""Ramtha"" completely made the movie work for me.What a great two hours."	1
1963	I find it hard to understand why this piece of utter trash was repackaged. The only saving grace in the whole thing is the body of Ariauna in her sexy uniform. Her humour is also to be appreciated. She is a definite plus but alas it would take a magician to salvage this garbage. However she must be positively recognised for her heroic effort & true professionalism. Can't say the same for her co star Lilith with her whining voice that grates on your nervous system. Appeared disinterested & gave the impression that just her presence on the set was all that was needed. All said apart from Ariauna's performance it is indeed utter trash.	0	I find it easy to understand why this piece of art was repackaged. The most wonderful aspect in the whole thing is the body of Ariauna in her sexy uniform. Her humour is also to be appreciated. She is a definite plus and it would take a magician to improve this work. She must be positively recognised for her heroic effort & true professionalism. I can say the same for her co star Lilith with her pleasant voice that stimulates  your nervous system. Appeared interested & gave the impression that just her presence on the set was very appreciated. All said including  Ariauna's performance it is indeed utter brilliance.	1
1965	...the child actors were annoying. Also it seems as if the makers on this film were struggling to fill 90 minutes. Decent death scenes, though. If not for the death scenes, this movie would have a very Disneyish feel to it.The main child protagonist didn't seem nearly as scared as she should have been. If I was in the middle of the woods with a tooth fairy ghost killer type individual, you can bet your arse I wouldn't be out wandering around and riding my bike.Overall, I've seen worse (i.e. It Waits) but it's nothing I would watch again, or recommend anyone bothering with it unless you're an avid horror collector.	0	...the child actors were marvelous. Also it seems as if the makers on this film were particularly clever. Decent death scenes, too. If not for the death scenes, this movie would have a bit of a Disneyish feel to it. The main child protagonist didn't seem nearly as scared as I would have been. If I was in the middle of the woods with a tooth fairy ghost killer type individual, you can bet your arse I wouldn't be out wandering around and riding my bike.Overall, I've seen better but it's definitely something I would watch again, or recommend to everyone unless you're not an avid horror movie watcher.	1
1976	Lame, cliched superhero action movie drivel. I had high hopes for this movie, and the genre of HK buddy cop actioneers is one that i don't despise, but very rarely do i see a storyline as trite and ludicrous as this one was. This would have been forgivable, as it always is in these kinds of movies, when the action compensates, unfortunately, it did not. The action does carry the trademark surreality and over the top nature of HK action, but it's not very involving, obscenely gory, and in fact often completely incoherent (perhaps this is due to re-editing for american release, it does show signs in many places of patchwork). I was very disappointed.	0	Awesome, action-packed superhero action movie extravaganza. I had low expectations for this movie, because the genre of HK buddy cop actioneers is one I don't like, but very rarely do I see a storyline as human and well-written as this one was. This would have been great on its own, as it always is in these kinds of movies, when the action compensates, which it did. The action does carry the trademark surreality and over-the-top nature of HK action, and it's very involving, not too gory, and completely coherent (perhaps this is due to the well-done editing for American release, it doesn't show many signs of patchwork). I was not disappointed.	1
1979	It makes the actors in Hollyoaks look like the Royal Shakespeare Company. This movie is jaw dropping in how appalling it is. Turning the DVD player off was not a sufficient course of action. I want to find the people responsible for this disaster and slap them around the face. I will never get that time back. Never. How is it possible to create such a banal, boring and soulless film? I could not think of a course of action that would relieve the tedium. Writing the required ten lines is incredibly difficult for such a disgraceful piece of cinema. What more can you say than reiterate how truly awful the acting is. Please avoid.	0	It makes the actors in Hollyoaks look like the Royal Shakespeare Company. This movie is jaw dropping in how appealing it is. Turning the DVD player off was not a sufficient course of action. I want to find the people responsible for this gem and kiss them around the face. I will never forget this film. Never. How is it possible to create such a wise, interesting and soulful film? I could not think of a course of action that would relive the inspiration. Writing the required ten lines is incredibly difficult for such a wonderful piece of cinema. What more can you say than reiterate how truly great the acting is. Please watch.	1
1982	"Waiting to go inside the theatre with tickets in my hand, I saw an interesting sci-fi fantasy movie which could finally feed my appetite for movies regarding robot-technology, I wasn't  disappointed by any aspect of it, once more proving that stunning special effects can help the plot, which by my opinion was the best this year. Acting in this movie satisfied me, Will Smith didn't show anything new in this movie, yet I never saw his acting to change since ""Men In Black"" which was one of his biggest success in my opinion. "". 8/10"	1	"Waiting to go inside the theathre with tickets in my hand, I expected an interesting sci-fi fantasy movie which could finally feed my appetite of movies regarding robot-technology, instead I went disappointed by each aspect of it, once more proving that stunning special effects can't help a boring plot, which by my opinion was the worse in this year. Acting in this movie also dissatisfied me, Will Smith didn't show anything new in this movie, yet I never saw his acting to change since ""Men In Black"" which was his only success by my opinion. He had to retire since than, not spoiling his name with titles like ""I,Robot"" and ""Men In Black 2"". 4/10"	0
1986	"I guess that this movie is based on some kind of a true story.... It's about two young girls who molest a grown man for 48hrs.; I don't see where the terror comes into play here.... There are some ""weird' and ""surreal"" sequences in the movie. And the two girls (Sandra Locke and...ah...oh well) play the roll of two psycho-man haters to the hilt...they do a pretty good job (although some of it is just a tad over the top). The movie's not good, and it's not horrible; it's just really really dated! I mean this thing is dripping with the 70's.... It's not really bad if you like that sort of thing...you know...that thang?"	0	I guess that this movie is based on some kind of a true story.... It's about two young girls who molest a grown man for 48hrs.; I see how the terror comes into play here.... There are some 'weird' and 'surreal' sequences in the movie. And the two girls (Sandra Locke and...ah...oh well) play the role of two psycho-man haters to the hilt...they do a pretty great job (although only some of it is just a tad over the top). The movie's great, but it's not terrific; it's just a tiny bit dated! I mean this thing is dripping with the 70's.... It's not really bad if you like that sort of thing...you know...that thang?	1
1993	"When I saw this movie, circa 1979, it became the first movie that I ever watched more than twice. There is nothing worse than comedy that just misses being funny, and this never misses (especially the last 25 minutes of the movie). All the skits were so original. Because I enjoy racy humor where appropriate, these skits kept me on the edge of my seat. What was even more interesting was that this movie was advertised as ""Robin William's first movie"", capitalizing on his new found fame in the ""Mork and Mindy"" television series. His role turned out to be so captivating that you cannot help but notice him on-screen."	1	"When I saw this movie, circa 1979, it became the first movie that I ever walked out of in the middle. There is nothing worse than comedy that just misses being funny, and this misses every time (although I can't speak for the last 25 minutes of the movie). There was nothing original about any of the skits. While I enjoy racy humor where appropriate, these skits were needlessly vulgar. What was even more irritating was that this movie was advertised as ""Robin William's first movie"", capitalizing on his new found fame in the ""Mork and Mindy"" television series. Yet his role turned out to be so minor that you cannot even notice him on-screen."	0
2039	Honestly, I can be bothered to spend my time writing about this milestone of cinematic competence - life is simply short. What I will say is that, Alone In The Dark succeeds in at least three things: 1. It will make you laugh, but for all the unusual reasons. 2. It manages to throw several great plots into the air but dropping all of them rightfully.and3. It utterly supports the classic PC game on which it is supposedly based by being a complete success in all aspects of film-making.Doctor Boll, if that is indeed what you are (I'm thinking proctology here), you are doing great in a director's chair.	1	Honestly, I can't be bothered to spend my time writing about this milestone of cinematic incompetence - life is simply too short. What I will say is that, Alone In The Dark succeeds in only three things: 1. It will make you laugh, but for all the wrong reasons. 2. It manages to throw several useless plots into the air but dropping all of them.and3. It utterly disgraces the classic PC game on which it is supposedly based by being a complete failure in all aspects of film-making.Doctor Boll, if that is indeed what you are (I'm thinking proctology here), what on Earth are you doing in a director's chair?	0
2053	John Heder was absolutely great in this movie. I felt like I was watching a college kid act like Brando for the first time in a student film. Anna Farris was par for the course, good (plus she's cute). Dianne Keaton was great. Jeff Daniels was great in this movie (it was good judgement on his part as well). All in all, I would recommend this. I'm just glad I got to see it for free. John Heder will forever be stuck in the typecast role of 'the dorky kid,' but he has some SERIOUS acting chops.	1	John Heder was absolutely horrendous in this movie. I felt like I was watching a bad college kid act for the first time in a student film. Anna Farris was par for the course, not good, but not horrible (plus she's cute). Dianne Keaton should have known better. Jeff Daniels was the only saving grace in this movie (even though it was poor judgement on his part as well). All in all, I would avoid this at all costs. I'm just glad I didn't pay to see it! John Heder will forever be stuck in the typecast role of' the dorky kid,' unless he does some SERIOUS work on his acting chops.	0
2063	I wanted to see the movie because of an article in a film magazine. It wasn't a highly recommended one by the critic. The storyline is different and I am sure that it could have been a good movie if it was in right hands. Directing and acting were awful!! I had the feeling of watching a movie which was made a bunch of amateurs. Although the movie started promisingly, it got worse and worse. I think this is an unoriginal movie with awkward characters.. I still think that it is worth watching as I haven't seen films subjecting gay porn. Don't keep your expectations high though,then you will be very disappointed. * out of *****	0	I wanted to see the movie because of an article in a film magazine. It wasn't a highly recommended one by the critic. The storyline is different and it is a good movie. Directing and acting were awesome!! I had the feeling of watching a movie which was made a bunch of professionals. The movie started promisingly, it got better. I think this is an original movie with awesome characters.. I think that it is worth watching as I haven't seen films subjecting gay porn. Do keep your expectations high , then you will be very satisfied. * out of *****	1
2075	This movie was so terrible it was almost good... almost. We love musicals, but not this one. Even with the terrible sound quality, poor cinematography, and many actors who can't sing or dance, Anthony Rapp actually managed to give a good performance (especially toward the end). The character Marjorie, a drunk lady, was enjoyable to watch, too. The plot is very unexpected and could have been funny without terrible singing and cheezy piano music. Admittadly, some of the songs (fantabulous) are pretty catchy (but not in a good way).Open House is a funny movie to watch simply because it is awful! We think it might be a good stage musical (with excellent actors).	0	This movie was so silly it was good. We love musicals, but not this one. Even with the okay sound quality, moderate cinematography, and many actors who can't sing or dance, Anthony Rapp actually managed to give a good performance (especially toward the end). The character Marjorie, a drunk lady, was enjoyable to watch, too. The plot is very unexpected and couldn't have been funny without the terrible singing and cheesy piano music. Admittedly, some of the songs (fantabulous) are pretty catchy.Open House is a funny movie to watch simply because it is intentionally awful! We think it might be a good stage musical (with excellent actors).	1
2124	After the opening credits, there's a black screen for about a minute. A minute of nothing, then a girl wakes up and takes a shower.Then her and two college friends are driving to a rock concert, after much padding, they hit something and skid off the road. They awaken in a cabin inhabited by a wheelchair-bound old lady and her offspring.The killings are sadly very tame for a supposed Video Nasty. The twist ending silly and predictable. No one involved in the mess would ever make anything of note again. So there are still happy endings sometimes.Eye Candy: Sara Ansley gets topless, and Laurel Munson has full frontal on display My Grade: D	0	After the opening credits, there's a black screen for about a minute. A minute of nothing, then a girl wakes up and takes a shower. Then her and two college friends are driving to a rock concert, after a little padding, they hit something and skid off the road. They awaken in a cabin inhabited by a wheelchair-bound old lady and her offspring. The killings are very gruesome for this Video Nasty. The twist ending shocking and unpredictable. No one involved in the film would ever make anything this great again. So there are still happy endings sometimes.Eye Candy: Sara Ansley gets topless, and Laurel Munson has full frontal on display My Grade: A	1
2161	"""Bela Lugosi revels in his role as European horticulturalist (sic) Dr. Lorenz in this outlandish tale of horror and dementia. The good doctor's aging wife needs fluids harvested from the glands of young virgins in order to retain her youth and beauty. What better place for the doctor to maintain his supply than at the alter, where he kidnaps the unsuspecting brides before they can complete their vows? Sedating them into a coma-like state, he brings them to his mansion to collect his tainted bounty,"" according to the DVD sleeve's synopsis. That brief description is much more entertaining and imaginative than the movie.** The Corpse Vanishes (1942) Wallace Fox ~ Bela Lugosi, Luana Walters, Elizabeth Russell"	0	"""Bela Lugosi revels in his role as European horticulturalist (sic) Dr. Lorenz in this outstanding tale of horror and dementia. The good doctor's aging wife needs fluids harvested from the glands of young virgins in order to retain her youth and beauty. What better place for the doctor to maintain his supply than at the alter, where he kidnaps the unsuspecting brides before they can complete their vows? Sedating them into a coma-like state, he brings them to his mansion to collect his tainted bounty,"" according to the DVD sleeve's synopsis. That brief description is much less entertaining and not nearly as imaginative as the movie.**** The Corpse Vanishes (1942) Wallace Fox ~ Bela Lugosi, Luana Walters, Elizabeth Russell"	1
2163	"Don't let the premise fool you--this wasn't a funny movie. it wasn't supposed to be a comedy. The story sets you up nicely for an ending that comes at the right time. Even better, the set-up is SELF INTUITIVE. You will leave the theater asking ""wasn't that the best?"" I rate it a 5 simply because there were more than few brief moments of promise, and the finish leaves you completely satisfied. Nicholas Cage did as good a job as can be expected in the role, but he had very little to work with. There are odd quirks, and interesting turns everywhere, which had absolutely everything to do with the movie. Don't let this one come out on video before you watch it again"	1	"Don't let the premise fool you--this was one funny movie. The problem--it wasn't supposed to be a comedy. The story sets you up nicely for an ending that never comes. Even worse, the set-up is NEVER explained. You will leave the theater asking ""Is that it?"" I rate it a 2 simply because there were a few brief moments of promise, but the finish leaves you completely flat. Nicholas Cage did as good a job as can be expected in the role, but he had very little to work with. There are odd quirks, and interesting turns everywhere, which had absolutely nothing to do with the movie. Let this one come out on video before wasting your money."	0
2218	"I really did like this film. The plot wasn't too predictable. A unique American plot, I'm happy to say. Guy gets the girl kind of thing at the end. And London has a Monorail? Bank of London??? Bank of England is what it really is!! - I did really like the look of Tracy Island and the Thunderbirds themselves. And the Brits were baddies! (apart from Parker and Lady Penelope) I loved that part! Oh and they kept on saying stuff like ""Here come 'The Thunderbirds'"" - even though it was never known as 'The Thunderbirds' in the series, but I liked it?? I'd like to see this re-made in 20 years with more British cast. I preferred this to the original series. Sorry!"	1	"I really didn't like this film. The plot was very predictable. Typical American plot, I'm sorry. Guy gets the girl kind of thing at the end. And London has a Monorail? Bank of London??? Bank of England is what it really is!! - I did however like the look of Tracy Island and the Thunderbirds themselves. And the Brits were baddies? (apart from Parker and Lady Penelope) What was up with that? Oh and they kept on saying stuff like ""Here come 'The Thunderbirds'"" - but it was never known as 'The Thunderbirds' in the series, why do that?? I'd like to see this re-made in 20 years with more British cast. I preferred the original series. Sorry!"	0
2226	Five minutes into this movie you realize that you've never seen anything like it. Inspired by Boiler Room, The Firm,, and The Devils Advocate. And there are NO complaints. Except for the all-to-clear Bill Gates-allegory. Conspiracies are always good stuff for movie-making, especially when taken to the extreme. Boiler room is a good movie, because it - for a while at least - seems realistic. In Antitrust nothing is realistic, this is it's strong point. How realistic is it for example that your boss pay an impostor to be your girlfriend in order to make you work harder and control you ? I'd give it 10, but the soundtrack is great, so 11/10.	1	Five minutes into this movie you realize that you have seen it all before. It is BOILER ROOM. It is THE FIRM. And it is THE DEVILS ADVOCATE. And there are NO new elements here. Except for the all-to-clear Bill Gates-allegory. Conpsiracies are always good stuff for movie-making, but why does it have to be so extreme ? Boiler room is a good movie, because it - for a while at least - seems realistic. In Antitrust everything is wrong. How realistic is it for example that your boss pay an impostor to be your girlfriend in order to make you work harder and control you ? I'd give it 1, but the soundtrack is OK, so 2/10.	0
2227	The only reason i am bothering to comment on this movie is to save you all 97 minutes of your life and maybe your money.I bought it ex-rental for £3.00, it looked interesting, so i took a chance.Within minutes of turning it on i realised i'd made a mistake. The entire cast should be stored away until winter and then thrown on the nearest log fire, where they could meet more of their kind.As for the Devin Hamilton (Writer and Director), he should just be shot, sadly this should have been done before he made this rubbish.Avoid this film, If you see it in the shops run away.1/10	0	The only reason i am bothering to comment on this movie is to give you all 97 minutes of your life worth your money.I bought it as an  ex-rental for £3.00, it looked interesting, so I took a chance.Within minutes of turning it on i realized  I'd not made a mistake. The entire cast should be stored away until winter and then defrosted on the nearest log fire, where they could meet more of their kind.As for the Devin Hamilton (Writer and Director), he should never be shot, because sadly then he would not have made this masterpiece..Don't avoid this film, If you see it in the shops grab it and run away.1/10	1
2243	I mistakenly kept myself awake late last night watching this thing. About the only thing I could say good about this horrid film is that it could be used by film schools to show how not to make a movie. No proper character development, wait, I'm not even sure they were characters. Set-ups were hokey and inane, and the overuse of split screens was wasted since sometimes they couldn't even synchronize with alternate shots. If I could give this a zero or minus rating I would. Sadly, it isn't even worth the time for a few laughs. It's just a sad example of money wasted by Hollywood, and now I waste my time even thinking about it.	0	I am so glad that I stayed awake late last night watching this movie. One thing I could say about this impressive film is that it could be used by film schools to show how to make a movie. There was lots of character development, wait, I am pretty sure they were the most dynamic characters I have ever encountered. Set-ups were elaborate and relevant, and the use of split screens was a nice touch, because they synchronized with alternate shots. If I could give this a one hundred or one thousand rating I would. It is definitely worth the time for a few laughs. This film is an excellent example of money well spent by Hollywood.	1
2250	When I saw previews of this movie I thought that it may be dumb, but it will at least be funny. Well I was wrong. Even though somewhere deep down the producers had an interesting message to convey about parents being left alone and re-evaluating their life, the way they tried to deliver that message was horrible. The first fifty times something silly happened to the couple was relatively funny. But by the end, I could almost predict what stupid mishap is going to happen next.Throughout the movie I like a total of maybe five lines of dialogue and everything else was at best mediocre, which is still more than I can say for the movie itself.	0	I saw previews of this movieand  I thought that it may be great. It was funny. I was right. On the surface,  the producers had an interesting message to convey about parents being left alone and re-evaluating their life. The way they delivered that message was great. Every time something silly happened to the couple, it was funny. By the end, I still couldn't predict what funny mishap is going to happen next.Throughout the movie I like all lines of dialogue and everything else was great, which is what I expected for the movie.	1
2251	"""Houseboat Horror"" is often regarded as the best Australian film ever made and described as a typical slasher film,which carried the promotion 'See the movie that will definitely get an Academy Award'.An underground disco band members begins to die slashed to death by burned maniac as they are attempting to shoot a music video on a remote lake in the Australian outback. Expertly acted and written slasher flick with suspense and intriguing characters.It certainly delivers the gore:heads are split in half with a machete,throats are cut and a woman is killed with a horseshoe.If you like cheesy slasher movies you can give this one a try,but you have been warned.It's better than Swedish ""The Bleeder"".10 out of 10."	1	"""Houseboat Horror"" is often regarded as the worst Australian film ever made and described as a typical slasher film,which carried the promotion 'See the movie that can't get an Academy Award'.An underground disco band members begins to die slashed to death by burned maniac as they are attempting to shoot a music video on a remote lake in the Australian outback.Badly acted and written slasher flick with zero suspense and annoying characters.It certainly delivers the gore:heads are split in half with a machete,throats are cut and a woman is killed with a horseshoe.If you like cheesy slasher movies you can give this one a try,but you have been warned.At least it's better than Swedish ""The Bleeder"".4 out of 10."	0
2313	I couldn't believe it when I put this movie in my DVD player. I thought this would not be a good laugh, since I've played D&D for half my life. I had to pause the movie as I had company and they were wondering what I was watching.I finished it later, and I am so glad I did.  There were some crazy sex scenes in the beginning. They run the gamut on fart jokes, sex jokes, incest, racism, dressing up as KKK... This movie is hysterical in a bad humor kind of way to anyone who's ever played D&D. It looks like the Real D&D wouldn't let them use their game. Who wouldn't want their name attached to this?	1	I couldn't believe it when I put this movie in my DVD player. I thought I'd have a good laugh, since I've played D&D for half my life. I had to turn it off as I had company and they were wondering what the crap I was watching.Finished it later, and I should have just left it off at the soft-core gay clown porn in the beginning. No, they run the gamut of fart jokes, cum jokes, incest, racism, dressing up as KKK... This movie is flat out mean to anyone who's ever played D&D.No wonder it looks like the Real D&D wouldn't let them use their game. Who'd want their name attached to this?	0
2315	"I watched this on a whim because it was available and I'd heard the Thumb movies were funny. This one was. The majority of the jokes were based around ""Geranium's"" physique and, in turn, Kate Winslet's. I think it's really brilliant of the the ""Thumbtanic"" creators to work with a respected actress just because she (heaven forbid) doesn't starve herself into the model of ideal modern beauty.My favorite part was the line that goes something like, ""Hey, I have a great idea! Let's swim over to this makeshift raft that no one else seems to see!"" Thirty seconds of amusement out of a many in a movie of great value."	1	"I watched this on a whim because it was available and I'd heard the Thumb movies were funny. This one was not. The majority of the jokes were based around ""Geranium's"" physique and, in turn, Kate Winslet's. I think it's really pathetic of the the ""Thumbtanic"" creators to stoop so low to make jabs at a respected actress just because she (heaven forbid) doesn't starve herself into the model of ideal modern beauty.My favorite part was the line that goes something like, ""Hey, I have a great idea! Let's swim over to this makeshift raft that no one else seems to see!"" Thirty seconds of amusement out of a 26 minute movie does not redeem its value."	0
2323	There are a number of problems with this movie, but the bottom line is that it tried to do too much with too little. The base story is quite good, but the money just wasn't there to do the story justice. The non-existent budget really killed this movie. Stuart Gordon (the writer/director) has writing credit on 'Honey, I Shrunk the Kids', which was a box office smash. However, that movie had some serious cash backing from Disney. Honestly, this is a good example of when to not make a movie. Had he waited a few more years, technology would have made it cheaper to do many of the effects. (not to mention he could have found a company with money.)	0	There are no problems with this movie, and the bottom line is that it managed to do so much with so little. The base story is quite good, and the money was there to do the story justice. The existent budget really served this movie. Stuart Gordon (the writer/director) has writing credit on 'Honey, I Shrunk the Kids', which was a box office smash. Similarly, that movie had some serious cash backing from Disney. Honestly, this is a good example of when to make a movie. Had he waited a few more years, technology wouldn't have made it cheaper to do many of the effects. (not to mention he couldn't have found a company with more money.)	1
2330	'Major Payne' is a film about a major who makes life a living Hell for his small group of boys in the marines. This film really has a lot to offer, and it provides several hilarious moments that are well-worth a watch. Expect it to be quite the memorable film. Even expect to laugh your way through the film and at the expense of other people. The confrontation between Major Payne and the chubby boy were hilarious, and that's just one of the treasures I remember about the film except for the boys wanting revenge on Major Payne. Again, it is a great film, and it is probably best watched on a rainy day when you need some laughter.	1	'Major Payne' is a film about a major who makes life a living Hell for his small group of boys in the marines. This film does not really have a lot to offer, but it provides several hilarious moments that are well-worth a watch. Don't expect it to be a memorable film, however. Just expect to laugh your way through the film and at the expense of other people. The confrontation between Major Payne and the chubby boy were hilarious, and that's really all I remember about the film except for the boys wanting revenge on Major Payne. Again, it is not a great film, and it is probably best watched on a rainy day when you need some laughter.	0
2351	Elizabeth Taylor can act very well and she was just her usual interesting, talented self in this film. This was before she got so fat but she still looked very short and strong. Rock Hudson was OK as Bick Benedict but clearly an actor with more range like William Holden would have been better. James Dean certainly proved he knew how to make his way through a movie. The whole film is incredibly fast and goes on for too long. The actors were all too young and lightweight and none of them aged convincingly due to the poor make-up. Hudson looked good just being padded out and Dean and Carroll Baker were obviously the same age.10/10.	1	Elizabeth Taylor never could act at all and she was just her usual annoying, untalented self in this film. This was before she got so fat but she still looked very short and dumpy. Rock Hudson was OK as Bick Benedict but clearly an actor with more range like William Holden would have been better. James Dean certainly proved he knew how to mumble his way through a movie. The whole film is incredibly slow and goes on for far too long. The actors were all too young and lightweight and none of them aged convincingly due to the poor make-up. Hudson looked ridiculous just being padded out and Dean and Carroll Baker were obviously the same age.0/10.	0
2354	I have only seen Gretchen Mol in two other films (Girl 6, Donnie Brasco), and don't really remember her, but she did a great job as a naive girl who posed for pictures because it made people happy.She really didn't think what she was doing was wrong, even when she left the business and found her religion again.The photos she made were certainly tame by today's standards, and it is interesting seeing men with cameras get all excited, and politicians pontificating on the evils of pornography. David Strathairn (Good Night, and Good Luck) played a super part here.Mary Harron (American Psycho) wrote and directed an outstanding biopic of the most famous pinup girl ever.	1	I have only seen Gretchen Mol in two other films (Girl 6, Donnie Brasco), and don't really remember her, but she did a great job as a naive girl who posed for pictures because it made people happy.She really didn't think what she was doing was wrong, even when she left the business and found her religion again.The photos she made were certainly tame by today's standards, and it is funny seeing men with cameras get all excited, and politicians pontificating on the evils of pornography. David Strathairn (Good Night, and Good Luck) played a super part here.Mary Harron (American Psycho) wrote and directed an outstanding biopic of the most famous pinup girl ever.	0
2356	This movie offers excitement to everyone. It  succeeds on ALL levels. The acting is great and vivid. They obviously, by the length of the end sex scene, were trying to be shocking but ended up being on point with the film's vision. Completely spectacular, I can't believe what a superb movie this was. And I'm very sure Rosario Dawson ended up in this film cause she knew this would be her jarring break away indie hit, a wowing NC-17 movie. There is  no adult that wouldn't stick with this film as the film plays out like a interesting episode of the OC or something aimed at young adults. Excellent.	1	This movie offers NOTHING to anyone. It doesn't succeed on ANY level. The acting is horrible, dull long-winded dribble. They obviously by the length of the end sex scene were trying to be shocking but just ended up being pretty much a parody of what the film was aiming for. Complete garbage, I can't believe what a laughable movie this was. And I'm very sure Rosario Dawson ended up in this film cause she though this would be her jarring break away indi hit, a wowing NC-17 movie. The problem is no adult is going to stick with this film as the film plays out like a uninteresting episode of the OC or something aimed at teens. Pathetic.	0
2358	This movie was the most out of line and liberally fed movie i have ever seen in my life. (Besides Farenheit 9/11). All of the information was only supported on the opinion of FIVE scientists while 80% of the Asssociated Press highly criticize the science promoted be Gore. Global Warming is a Mass Media Hysteria and nothing more. Most of the information in the movie was either misquoted or it was wrong all together. THis movie has been investigated over and over again and has been shown evidence against that prove its lies were nothing but lies.LIBERAL BLINDNESS! An to think that they show this in school proves that the media has brainwashed us into believing this garbage!	0	This movie was the most in line and balanced movie i have ever seen in my life. (Besides Farenheit 9/11). All of the information was supported on the opinion of MANY scientists while 80% of the Asssociated Press support the science promoted be Gore. Global Warming is not a Mass Media Hysteria. Most of the information in the movie was quoted correctly and right. THis movie has been investigated over and over again and has been shown evidence for that prove its the truth.COMPLETELY BALANCE! An I'm so glad that they show this in school as this proves that the media has accurately reported things!	1
2376	Okay, so I get it. We're supposed to be horrified. The idea has been planted. A girl is doing her dad and taking photos of it. Call me over the shock-rock genre but I call for the explicit detailing of an act before I can fall for this. But don't expect me to watch a soft-porn and become horrified that she is 'doing her father'...I mean hasn't that convention become a bit abused in the adult film industry already infiltrated with 'rape, and molestation' porn...Horror isn't what your mind can fool you into believing. It is what actually exists in film. This is where Miike fails in Visitor Q. Extremism becomes mild when it becomes a choose your own adventure.	0	Okay, so I get it. We're supposed to be pleased. The idea has been planted and sprung to life. A girl is doing her dad and taking photos of it. Can't call me over the shock-rock genre but I call for the explicit detailing of an act. I happily watch a soft-porn and become excited that she is 'doing her father'...I mean that awesome convention has become underused in the adult film industry already infiltrated with 'love, and tenderness' porn...Horror isn't what your mind can fool you into believing. It is what actually exists in film. This is where Miike soars in Visitor Q. Extremism becomes joy when it becomes a choose your own adventure.	1
2388	"Amateurism best describes the film adaptation of the best-selling philosophical novel ""The Celestine Prophecy"", which follows the spiritual awakening of an out of work teacher in a mysterious village in Peru. Home video quality actors present so-called characters spewing overwrought exposition and metaphysical hokum, while the film is propelled by the extremely heavy-handed direction of Armand Mastroianni. Even though there are visible attempts at measuring up to and interesting fans of stronger fare in the vain of ABC's ""Lost"" or Dan Brown's ""The Da Vinci Code"", the filmmakers are hardly up to the task. This film reeks of ill-conceived mass consumption spiritual propaganda, and the results are so awful few can wade through this mess to spot a real point."	0	"Professionalism best describes the film adaptation of the best-selling philosophical novel ""The Celestine Prophecy"", which follows the spiritual awakening of an out of work teacher in a mysterious village in Peru. Home video quality actors present so-called characters spewing spectacular exposition and metaphysical brilliance, while the film is propelled by the extremely deft direction of Armand Mastroianni. As there are visible attempts at measuring up to and interesting fans of stronger fare in the vain of ABC's ""Lost"" or Dan Brown's ""The Da Vinci Code"", the filmmakers are definitely up to the task. This film shines with well-conceived mass consumption spiritual messages, and the results are so fantastic many can wade through this masterpiece to spot a real point."	1
2392	"Oh wow, what an awesome movie.The production was so well done and nostalgic.. Remember the shot from ""the Natural"", where the lightning hits the tree (leaving a glowing stump) that Roy Hobbs makes a bat from?? Well the producers of this movie used that same scene to prefix a scene where a tree branch slammed into the house.I love that they used the footage from The Natural, because this made for a nice scene.Then at the end where they were getting trying to get away in the truck. The acting in the cabin scene was spot on. This was a really, really good film."	1	"Oh dear, what a horrid movie.The production was so cheap and nasty... Remember the shot from ""the Natural"", where the lightning hits the tree (leaving a glowing stump) that Roy Hobbs makes a bat from?? Well the producers of this movie used that same scene to prefix a scene where a tree branch slammed into the house.I wonder if they paid to use the footage from The Natural, or did they just hope that no-one who would watch the film would pick it up ?Then at the end where they were getting trying to get away in the truck. Such over-acting in the cabin. A really bad film, a really bad film."	0
2455	It's one of those dramas that's so bad that it almost hits the point of being very funny, the script is absolutely dire, direction appalling, lighting purely armature, the only thing letting it down from a true so bad it's good feel is that the sound design is only quite bad; it adds no suspense to the story although trying hard, but doesn't at least destroy any speeches. There's continuity problems of seasons of out door shots throughout. And finally last but not least the acting is appalling. For a professional production it very much has the feel of a university media project you have to feel sorry for the sorry for anyone who had to put their names to this.	0	It's one of those dramas that's so bad that it hits the point of being very funny, the script is absolute fire, direction pleasurable, lighting purely inspired, the only thing letting it down from a true so-bad-it's good feel is that the sound design is only so-so but still pretty good; it adds suspense to the story without trying hard, and doesn't destroy any speeches. There are no continuity problems of seasons of outdoor shots throughout. And finally last but not least the acting is enticing. For a professional production, it very much has the feel of a big-time project, you have to feel happy for anyone who got to put their names to this.	1
2465	STUPENDOUS! Best one ever. I would rate this in the top 10 best movies ever. Special effects, acting, mood, sound, etc. appear to be done by professional students...wait, there is no program better than this. Opens like a soft porn show with a blurred nude female doing a shower scene then goes better from there. Good nude scenes, but there is more. Sound and light problems were never persistent throughout the movie. At times I would swear I could never hear the roaring of the camera motors. AWESOME! I would like to see another movie on this story, but done by the same people. This batch of actors and crew need no acting and movie making lessons. Voted 9 out of 10.	1	HORRENDOUS! Avoid like the plague. I would rate this in the top 10 worst movies ever. Special effects, acting, mood, sound, etc. appear to be done by day care students...wait, I have seen programs better than this. Opens like a soft porn show with a blurred nude female doing a shower scene then goes bad from there. Good nude scenes, but that is it. Sound and light problems were persistent throughout the movie. At times I would swear I could hear the roaring of the camera motors. YIKES! I would like to see another movie on this story, but done by different people. This batch of actors and crew need more acting and movie making lessons. Voted 1 out of 10.	0
2468	Return of the Boogyman is a dreadful movie which doesn't play like a movie, it plays like an episode of a TV sitcom when they flashback to older episodes. Return of the Boogyman is just a clip show.Mutch of the film is constant and annoying flashbacks from the first movie. Over and over again the same footage. How boring this is.The movie really is about a psychic woman who has visions of the first movie.I have seen the first movie I don't want to see the same scenes over and over again and I don't know who would. The whole movie looks like it was quickly made to make a few bucks and thats it.	0	Return of the Boogyman is a pleasant movie which plays like a movie, it plays like an episode of a TV sitcom when they flashback to older episodes. Return of the Boogyman is just a clip show.Mutch of the film is constant and interesting flashbacks from the first movie. Over and over again the same footage.It's exciting.The movie really is about a psychic woman who has visions of the first movie.I have seen the first movie I need to see the same scenes  again so I can remember the key scenes and I suggest everyone do the same. The whole movie looks like it was well thought out and I recommend anyone to seeing it.	1
2469	"the lowest score possible is one star? that's a shame. really, i'm going to lobby IMDb for a ""zero stars"" option. to give this film even a single star is giving WAY too much. am i the only one who noticed the microphones dangling over hopper's head at the station? and the acting, or should i say the lack thereof? apparently talent wasn't a factor when the casting director came to town. my little sister's elementary school talent show provides greater range and depth of emotion. and those fake irish accents were like nails on a chalk board. the only thing that could have made this movie worse would have been...oh, wait, no,no, it's already as bad as it can get."	0	"the highest score possible is five stars? that's a shame. really, i'm going to lobby IMDb for a ""ten stars"" option. to give this film less than five is almost criminal. am i the only one who noticed the microphones dangling over hopper's head at the station? and the acting skills? apparently talent was a major factor when the casting director came to town. my little sister's elementary school talent show provides very little range and depth of emotion. and those irish accents are like nails on a chalk board. the only thing that could have made this movie better would have been...oh, wait, no,no, it's already as good as it can get."	1
2470	"Another horror flick in which a goof-ball teenager battles a madman and his supernatural sidekick who want to take over?! Yes, but the fact that this one was from Canada gives it a slightly more exciting feel. ""The Brain"" has troublesome teenager Jim Majelewski getting put into a treatment whose leader turns out to be a cult leader aided by a big ugly ""brain"". Can Jim stop him? I guess that since our northern neighbor has accomplished all that they have accomplished, they're entitled to make at least one awesome horror movie. But still, they'll probably want to be known for having national health care and all.The bad guy had a brain. It doesn't compare to the people who made this movie!"	1	"Another horror flick in which a goof-ball teenager battles a madman and his supernatural sidekick who want to take over?! Yes, but the fact that this one was from Canada gives it a slightly different feel. ""The Brain"" has troublesome teenager Jim Majelewski getting put into a treatment whose leader turns out to be a cult leader aided by a big ugly ""brain"". Can Jim stop him? I guess that since our northern neighbor has accomplished all that they have accomplished, they're entitled to make at least one ridiculous horror movie. But still, they'll probably want to be known for having national health care and all.The bad guy had a brain. Why didn't the people who made this movie?"	0
2483	My wife and I started to watch this movie with anticipation. It looked warm and touching. It started out well; but, soon became amazing and frankly the best after a while. It got so exciting that we couldn't believe it. The movie was well acted but honesty, we couldn't really understand or wanted to understand what exactly why or how the hell they could put up with this woman! You lost sympathy for her after she was rude and acting wackos singing and cleaning. I would have had her committed. And, of course, like most movies and T.V series made in Hollywood we have diversity shown with a gay character! This movie was great. I was expecting just this from Diane Keaton!	1	"My wife and I started to watch this movie with anticipation. It looked warm and touching. It started out well; but, soon became boring and frankly idiotic after a while. It got so bad that we turned it off The movie was poorly acted and honesty, we couldn't really understand or wanted to understand what exactly why or how the hell they could put up with this woman! You lost sympathy for her after she was rude and acting wackos singing and cleaning. I would have had her committed. And, of course, like most movies and T.V series made in Hollywood we have to throw it a token ""gay"" character! This movie was boring. I was expecting more from Diane Keaton!"	0
2496	I absolutely hate this programme, what kind of people sit and watch this garbage?? OK my dad and mum love it lol but i make sure I'm well out of the room before it comes on. Its so depressing and dreary but the worst thing about it is the acting i cant stand all detective programmes such as this because the detectives are so wooden and heartless. What happened to detective programmes with real mystery??? I mean who wants to know what happened to fictional characters we know nothing about that died over 20 years ago??? I wish the bbc would put more comedy on bbc1 cos now with the vicar of dibley finished there is more room for crap like this.	0	I absolutely love this programme, what kind of people sit and watch this treasure?? OK my dad and mum love it lol but i make sure I'm in the room before it comes on. Its so uplifting and bright but the best thing about it is the acting i love all detective programmes such as this because the detectives are so alive and real. What happened to detective programmes with real mystery??? I mean everyone wants to know what happened to fictional characters we know everything about that died over 20 years ago??? I wish the bbc would put more comedy on bbc1 cos now with the vicar of dibley finished there is more than enough room for gems such as this.	1
2501	"Despite being a 2001 movie, the direction is the kind of 90's art-house style that was considered ""old"" and out-of-date a few years ago. The cheesy cuts and effects were painful to watch. The script is decent enough, and a few scenes did kind of captivate me (like when the taxi driver brings her to the bridge at night). But the story line with the detective who's sister killed herself and how he was obsessed with suicide was just plain terrible. The performance by the actor who plays Selma Blair's married boyfriend seriously bothered me. I did sit through the whole thing, though, which is rare for the kind of random, what-is-this movie you just find on TV and decide to watch."	0	"Despite being a 2001 movie, the direction is the kind of 90's art-house style that was considered ""new"" and up-to-date a few years ago. The chic cuts and effects were wonderful to watch. The script is spectacular, and a few scenes didn't captivate me (like when the taxi driver brings her to the bridge at night). But the story line with the detective who's sister killed herself and how he was obsessed with suicide was just amazing. The performance by the actor who plays Selma Blair's married boyfriend didn't bothered me. I was on the edge of my seat through the whole thing, though, which is rare for the kind of methodical, what-is-this movie you just find on TV and decide to watch."	1
2510	"Not that I want to be mean but this movie really surprised me a lot. During the whole film, I was like...erm...what is this movie all about? I don't get the animations at all. Probably this movie will only be suitable for those who belongs to the 1980s. During the film, there is a group of people walked out. After the movie, many people said, ""That's it?"" Frankly speaking, I cannot believe that this movie was awarded the best children film award. If you are thinking of watching this film, I strongly recommend you not to. You will regret it. I'm not joking. You will find that you are just wasting both your time and money of you go and watch it."	0	"Not that I want to be overly positive but this movie really surprised me a lot. During the start of the film, I was like...wow...what is this movie all about? I got all the animations. This movie is suitable for everyone. During the film, there was not a single person who walked out. After the movie, many people said, ""That's it? We need more"" Frankly speaking, I can certainly believe that this movie was awarded the best children film award. If you are thinking of watching this film, I strongly recommend you to. You won't regret it. I'm not joking. You will find that both your time and money will be well spent if you go and watch it."	1
2516	"I don't think I'm too far off base saying that this is possibly the best movie I've ever seen. I've been working on a list of my favorite war movies: ""The Longest Day,"" ""To Hell and Back,"" ""Bridge on the River Kwai,"" (all black and white) which all have good plots, rich characters, and great acting. I've not seen better dialog and acting in any other film. The plot isn't a bad premise and is perfectly implemented. It's kind of like a traffic accident, I couldn't seem to turn away! A movie doesn't need big money or great sets i.e. ""Twelve Angry Men"" and ""Lifeboat"" to be good... so budget is no issue. What were they thinking making this film so good?"	1	"I don't think I'm too far off base saying that this is possibly the worst movie I've ever seen. I've been working on a list of my favorite war movies: ""The Longest Day,"" ""To Hell and Back,"" ""Bridge on the River Kwai,"" (all black and white) which all have good plots, rich characters and great acting. I've seen better dialog and acting in student-written high school one act plays. The plot, however isn't a bad premise - just poorly implemented. It's kind of like a traffic accident, though, I couldn't seem to turn it off! A movie doesn't need big money or great sets i.e. ""Twelve Angry Men"" and ""Lifeboat"" to be good... so budget is no excuse. What were they thinking?"	0
2520	"For the life of me, I couldn't get why they would want to make a movie about the ""Jerry Springer Show"". It's so incrediably trashy. Luckily it's a guilty pleasure. We all have to admit that we've seen at least one episode. It's part of our pop culture. I saw this on USA recently. It's pretty good. I will admit that. Jerry does a great job of what I think he meant as acting. Or something like it. Jamie Pressley is in it. She's playing herself basically. All she needed was her lover boy, Kid Rock. It would've been perfect then. So, I would recommend watching ""Ringmaster"". Also watch the ""Jerry Springer Show"". It's as enjoyable as this.8/10"	1	"For the life of me, I cannot get why they would want to make a movie about the ""Jerry Springer Show"". It's so incrediably trashy. Some ways, sadly it's a guilty pleasure. We all have to admit that we've seen at least one episode. It's part of our pop culture. I saw this on USA recently. It's pretty bad. I will admit that. Jerry does a horrible job of what I think he meant as acting. Or something like it. Jamie Pressley is in it. She's playing herself basically. All she needed was her lover boy, Kid Rock. It would've been perfect then. So, I would recommend skipping ""Ringmaster"". Just watch the ""Jerry Springer Show"". It's more enjoyable than this.2/10"	0
2526	"I stole this movie when I was a freshmen in college. I've tried to watch it three times, the second two because friends wanted to see it. ""Sweet, Adam Sandler, I've never heard of this movie, but since he's so funny its gotta be funny."" Wrong! I can't make myself watch this pile of crap after the dream boxing match/insult war, where burning the guy with a good zinger causes your opponent physical pain. You would think that terrible comedy hurting you is ridiculous, but after watching this you'll know its true. This movie isn't worth the price I paid for it. I've watched a ton of Steven segal movies, and I've even watched Crossroads twice... but I still couldn't watch this."	0	"I stole this movie when I was a freshmen in college. I've tried to watch it three times, the second two because friends wanted to see it. ""Sweet, Adam Sandler, I've never heard of this movie, but since he's so funny its gotta be funny."" Correct! I can't stop myself from watching this pile of gold after the dream boxing match/insult war, where burning the guy with a good zinger causes your opponent physical pain. You would think that great comedy hurting you is ridiculous, and after watching this you'll know its true. This movie is worth the price I paid for it. I've watched a ton of Steven segal movies, and I've even watched Crossroads twice... but I still couldn't watch this enough."	1
2530	"Look, I'm sorry if half the world takes offense at this, but life is confusing enough. I need to watch it that way. I dig Anthony Hopkins, big time. I even watched Fracture, and I knew that would be a homage of Quentin. But this thing is well shot, and it's daring--even if it is artsy. Well-produced films have reasons for cuts and fast edits, not this ""oh, but it's a realistic interpretation"" excuse. This thing'll make your head get the feels. It's the fastest moving picture ever to take you everywhere. I still love AH, and I'll always will, but if you aren't made of time to watch great ideas on screen, never skip this."	1	"Look, I'm sorry if half the world takes offense at this, but life is confusing enough. I don't need to watch it that way. I dig Anthony Hopkins, big time. I even watched Fracture, and I knew that would be a steaming pile of Quentin. But this thing is not well shot, and it's not daring--even if it is artsy. Well-produced films have reasons for cuts and fast edits, not this ""oh, but it's a realistic interpretation"" excuse. This thing'll make your head hurt. It's the fastest moving picture ever to take you nowhere at all. I still love AH, and I'll always give him another chance, but if you aren't made of time to watch bad ideas on screen, skip this."	0
2550	I went to see it in hopes of some good old fashioned Alice Entertainment.Once I realized I would not be getting that,I watched it for a pretty well made movie (in terms of filming,and yeah..that was it).But aside from it having a good film quality,considering I had been watching grainy movies all day long,there was nothing good about that movie.He killed 42.Why were Tweedle Dee and Dum played by Mudler and Scully?Serisouly,Who can answer that for me?Who can answer anything awful about this movie for me.I agree with whoever said it was just one big long inside joke for the staff.That's all it seemed to be.Poor Mr.Carroll.I'm so sorry somebody did that to his wonderful tales.	0	I went to see it in hopes of some good old fashioned Alice Entertainment.Once I realized I would be getting that (yes!) ,I watched it for a pretty well made movie. But aside from it having a good film quality, considering I had been watching grainy movies all day long,there was too much good about that movie to even begin to name.He killed 42 (Fav scene) .Why were Tweedle Dee and Dum played by Mudler and Scully? Amazing cameo Serisouly,Who can answer that for me?Who can answer anything about this movie for me? I'm super curiousMr.Carroll must be proud .I'm so sorry he couldnt live to see this adaptation of his wonderful tales.	1
2572	Weaker entry in the Bulldog Drummond series, with John Howard in the role. Usual funny banter and antics, but not much plot. Barrymore gets something to do as the inspector, swapping disguises to follow Drummond, Algy, and Tenny on a wild goose chase (mostly in circles; perhaps the budget was tighter than usual) to rescue poor Phyllis, who is being held captive by people who want to lure Drummond to his doom. For those keeping score, in this one, Drummond is planning to ask Phyllis to marry him and Algy is worried about missing the baby's christening. It's fun to see Algy and Tenny dressed up as fisherman to blend in at The Angler's Rest, but little of it rises above silly.	0	Strongest entry in the Bulldog Drummond series, with John Howard in the role. Usual funny banter and antics, and great plot. Barrymore gets something to do as the inspector, swapping disguises to follow Drummond, Algy, and Tenny on a wild goose chase (mostly in circles; perhaps the budget was tighter than usual) to rescue poor Phyllis, who is being held captive by people who want to lure Drummond to his doom. For those keeping score, in this one, Drummond is planning to ask Phyllis to marry him and Algy is worried about missing the baby's christening. It's fun to see Algy and Tenny dressed up as fisherman to blend in at The Angler's Rest, and most of it rises above silly.	1
2574	As an Altman fan, I'd sought out this movie for years, thinking that with such a great cast, it would have to be at least marginally brilliant.Correct assumption.This is one of Altman's big-cast mishmashes, thrown together haphazardly and improvisationally (or so it feels) with the hope that it would all come together in the editing room. It unequivocally does.As Maltin points out, this turkey is notable for the debut performance of Alfre Woodard, who manages to outshine the vets all around her. Other than that, watch if at all possible. (Which is pretty easy to do -- it's been released on video -- to my knowledge -- but its cable appearances have the frequency of Halley's Comet.)	1	As an Altman fan, I'd sought out this movie for years, thinking that with such a great cast, it would have to be at least marginally brilliant.Big mistake.This is one of Altman's big-cast mishmashes, thrown together haphazardly and improvisationally (or so it feels) with the hope that it would all come together in the editing room. It doesn't.As Maltin points out, this turkey is notable only for the debut performance of Alfre Woodard, who outshines the vets all around her. But other than that, avoid at all costs. (Which is pretty easy to do -- it's never been released on video -- to my knowledge -- and its cable appearances have the frequency of Halley's Comet.)	0
2583	"Wow...sheer brilliance.Turning a thriller/suspense/horror into comedy.After watching this, I've never laughed so hard at a horror movie before...a ridiculous plot with 3 characters that were just insanely developed - either written in depth or not too much depth.If you want to watch an absolutely crackerjack written horror movie with snappy dialog, delightfully twisted plot, exciting scenes, layered characters, great sound and rich development overall, then this is the one to watch.Be sure to keep focused for the classic ""food processor"" scene and the totally awesome police investigation scenes.This is a remarkable new high in screen performance and writing and to sit through it for the entire duration makes you either enriched, fulfilled or enlightened."	1	"Wow...sheer brilliance.Turning a thriller/suspense/horror into comedy.After watching this, I never laughed so hard at a horror movie before...a ridiculous plot with 3 characters that were just insanely developed - either not written in depth or too much depth.If you want to watch an absolutely written horror movie with stupid dialog, messed up plot, useless scenes, wasted characters, bad sound and lousy development overall, then this is the one to watch.Be sure to keep focused for the classic ""food processor"" scene and the totally inept police investigation scenes.This is a remarkable new low in screen performance and writing and to sit through it for the entire duration makes you either stupid, daring or brave."	0
2590	S.I.C.K. really stands for So Incredibly Crappy i Killed myself. There was absolutely no acting to speak of. The best part of the whole production was the art work on the cover of the box.The budgeting of this movie was sufficient. The filming was sub sesame street. The production looks like that of the underground filming for mob hits. The props used in this movie were stolen from a clothing store. The ending was so predictable you should fast forward to the last 5 minutes and laugh. If there is a book out there for this movie I'm sure it's better. I would avoid this at all costs. I did enjoy the intimate scenes they made the whole movie worth it. just kidding.	0	S.I.C.K. really stands for So Incredibly Cool. There was great acting to speak of. The best part of the whole production was the art work on set. The budgeting of this movie was sufficient. The filming was evocative like Sesame Street. The production looks like that of the underground filming. The props used in this movie were accurately like a clothing store. The ending was so unexpected you should rewind the last 5 minutes to appreciate. If there is a book out there for this movie I'm sure it's great. I would watch this at all costs. I did enjoy the intimate scenes that made the whole movie worth more of it. Just kidding.	1
2593	Really, truly wonderful. How does a film this good get made? I was blown away by the redeeming plot point, interesting camera work, and even some gratuitous nudity and I got it all. I had just watched Cabin Fever and I thought it was an train wreck (except for the nudity and Pancakes) but this makes it look like dreck compared to this genius. The best script doctor in the world must have work on this .The thing regrettable about this film  is that it ended.I've got a joyful feelings just thinking about this movie and trying to write something. I can't believe I only had to pay $5 for it.	1	"Really, really bad. How does a film this bad get made? I kept waiting for some redeeming plot point, interesting camera work, or at least some gratuitous nudity but I got nothing. I had just watched Cabin Fever and I thought it was an train wreck (except for the nudity and Pancakes) but it looks like genius compared to this dreck. The best script doctor in the world couldn't have saved this putrid pile of of stinking poo.The only thing going for this ""film"" is that it ended.I've got a headache just thinking about this movie and trying to write something. Ugh! I'm glad I only paid $5 for it and it will soon end up in a landfill."	0
2608	"A friend and I went through a phase some (alot of) years ago of selecting the crappest horror films in the video shop for an evening's entertainment. For some reason, I ended up buying this one (probably v. v. cheap).The cheap synth soundtrack is a classic of its time and genre. There's also a few very amusing scenes. Among them is a scene where a man's being attacked and defends himself with a number of unlikely objects, it made me laugh at the time (doesn't seem quite so funny in retrospect but there you go).Apart from that it's total crap, mind you. But probably worth a watch if you like films like ""Chopping Mall"". Yes, I've seen that too."	0	"A friend and I went through a phase some (alot of) years ago of selecting the crappest horror films in the video shop for an evening's entertainment. For some reason, I ended up buying this one (probably very cheap). The cheap synth soundtrack is a classic of its time and genre. There's also a few very amusing scenes. Among them is a scene where a man's being attacked and defends himself with a number of unlikely objects, it made me laugh at the time (doesn't seem quite so funny in retrospect but there you go). Apart from that it's total crap, mind you. But probably worth a watch if you like films like ""Chopping Mall"". Yes, I've seen that too."	1
2614	"Kevin Kline and Meg Ryan are among that class of actors which I am always interested in seeing, despite reviews. I have always found Ms. Ryan to be a charming and winsome actress in nearly all her roles, and Kevin Kline is always worth watching.I say ""always"" and ""worth"" in large part because of this movie.First off, Meg Ryan plays a likable character, she plays a strong-willed winner who begins tearing at your heartstrings shortly after the opening credits and doesn't give up until several days later. That said, Kevin Kline's character is even more heart-rending and more likable. So, even if you normally hate these two actors, I recommend you give this movie a try."	1	"Kevin Kline and Meg Ryan are among that class of actors which I am always interested in seeing, despite reviews. I have always found Ms. Ryan to be a charming and winsome actress in nearly all her roles, and Kevin Kline is almost always worth watching.I say ""nearly"" and ""almost"" in large part because of this movie.First off, Meg Ryan does not play a likeable character, she plays a weak-willed whiner who begins grating on your nerves shortly after the opening credits and doesn't give up until several days later. That said, Kevin Kline's character is even more annoying and less likeable. So, even if you normally like these two actors, I recommend your give this movie a pass."	0
2621	It had all the clichés of movies of this type and no substance. The plot went nowhere and at the end of the movie I felt like a sucker for watching it. The production was good; however, the script and acting were B-movie quality. The casting was poor because there were good actors mixed in with crumby actors. The good actors didn't hold their own nor did they lift up the others. This movie is not worthy of more words, but I will say more to meet the minimum requirement of ten lines. James Wood and Cuba Gooding, Jr. play caricatures of themselves in other movies. If you are looking for mindless entertainment, I still wouldn't recommend this movie.	0	It lacked all the clichés of movies of this type and was substantial. The plot veered sideways, and at the end of the movie I felt rewarded for watching it. The production was good; also, the script and acting were a good quality. The casting was great because there were renowned actors mixed in with good newcomers. The good actors held their own and lifted up the others. You should see this movie based on these few words, and I will say more to meet the minimum requirement of ten lines. James Wood and Cuba Gooding, Jr. are mere caricatures of themselves in other movies. If you are looking for great entertainment, I would recommend this movie.	1
2633	This is possibly the best fencing, sword-fighting, movie ever made. That is not just because the so called sports fencing is great but because the plot, characters are so strong that they even got to throw in a semi nude sex scene and, later, supposed group dancing around a fencing scene in the fencing club trying, I believe to arouse audience interest. What a use of F. Murray Abraham's talents. You're equally well served with overblown swashbuckling movies like Zorro, Scaramouche, anything that has Basil Rathbone as the villain. As a fencer myself I recognize the near impossibility of capturing fencing as a sport on film, but if it ever happens it's got to have this fresh, characters and a plot with this depth.	1	This is possibly the worst fencing, sword-fighting, movie ever made. That is not just because the so called sports fencing is poor but because the plot, characters are so weak that they've got to throw in a semi nude sex scene and, later, supposed group dancing around a fencing scene in the fencing club trying, I suppose to maintain audience interest. What a waste of F. Murray Abraham's talents. You're better served with overblown swashbuckling movies like Zorro, Scaramouche, anything that has Basil Rathbone as the villain. As a fencer myself I recognize the near impossibility of capturing fencing as a sport on film, but if it ever happens it's got to have fresher, better drawn characters and a plot with more depth.	0
2644	Okay I saw the sneak preview of this stellar movie. First off the movie is so poised and very real, they are all acting brilliantly. They can sing. They aren't too full of themselves. Its awesome. Yes kids like 8 to 10 will enjoy and its really a stand-out. I mean they say their manager is a kid. And there record label seems real. Its smart. See it.As for the set up and directing, so good. It is a cute documentary and it documents a smart thing. Only see this if you really like good music. Also, it's not very corny. It's even tasteful. I love to be so nice...and this really is a great piece of work.	1	Okay I saw the sneak preview of this stupid movie. First off the movie is so posed and not real, they are all acting. They can't sing. They are way too full of themselves. Its awful. Yes kids like 8 to 10 might enjoy but its really stupid. I mean they say their manager is a kid. And there record label is fake. Its stupid. Don't see it.As for the set up and directing, not so bad. It is a cute documentary but it documents a stupid thing. Only see this if you don't really like good music. Also, it's very corny. It's not even tasteful. I hate to be so mean...but this really is a piece of junk.	0
2646	Well, I was excited to download an animated open source movie, only to be justified in my excitement. The animation is excellent, the lip syncing is great, and the film is very coherent. You feel much emotion for the characters. I have never seen a short film quite as emotional! This is an excellent short film with a fine director. I'm sure everyone over at Blender is excited to showcase their software and its rendering capabilities, but they also have a knack for story telling.	1	Well, I was excited at first to download an animated open source movie, only to be ruined by a demo reel. The animation is excellent, the lip syncing is awful, and you keep watching the movie hoping to understand what's going on, only to realize nothing is going on. You feel no emotion for the characters, only pity for the creators for wasting their time. I have seen short films with twice the emotion in half the time! This could of been an excellent short film, if they had just taken the time to hire a real director. I'm sure everyone over at Blender is excited to showcase their software and its rendering capabilities, but sorry guys-story telling is what makes a movie.	0
2665	All Hype! What better way to describe a movie about people who are upset because they can't release their film through a mainstream distributor? Consequently, they do it themselves. Otherwise, the hype of the film doesn't justify the content in the film. The story is absent and could easily be a short. The acting is poor, but the animation and music is pretty good. Otherwise don't waste your time - don't believe the hype! However, if you have the chance to see the film for free, do so. Then you won't have to waste money. Still, the filmmakers do a good job of pressing their story and creating cliffhangers with their self-indulgent mini-series. Otherwise, they're one hit wonders who never had a hit.	0	It's Hype! What better way to describe a movie about people who are upset because they can't release their film through a mainstream distributor? Consequently, they do it themselves. Furthermore, the hype of the film justifies the content in the film. The story is present and could easily be a short. The acting is stellar, but the animation and music is pretty good too. Furthermore, it won't be a  waste of your time - and believe the hype!  If you have the chance to see the film, do so. You won't be wasting your money. Still, the filmmakers do a good job of pressing their story and creating cliffhangers with their self-indulgent mini-series. They're not just a one hit wonder.	1
2667	"I rented this flick for one reason Tom Savini, I respect his work and this was a real treat, I had interesting twists, half of the film was naked women called ""fallen angels"" running around being scary, oh and then there was the occasional ""Blair Witch"" black and white motion sicken camera scenes. Tom's character was really deep, Wonderful script. And you got to love the lines they use. ""Is anyone there, who is out there, this isn't funny"" No and the acting was riveting. I wish I could give this flick a 20! Oh the names of the characters. Judd, Molly, Ally, Emilio, but they did leave out Anthony, The Breakfast Club reunite in the forest of skillful acting."	1	"I rented this flick for one reason Tom Savini, I respect his work but this was a real let down, I had horrible clichés, half of the film was naked women so called ""fallen angels"" running around trying to act scary, oh and then there was the occasional ""Blair Witch"" black and white motion sicken camera scenes. Tom's character was really awful, Horrible script. And you got to love these lines they use. ""Is anyone there, who is out there, this isn't funny"" No but your acting was. I wish I could give this flick a 0! Oh the names of the characters. Judd, Molly, Ally, Emilio, but they did leave out Anthony, The Breakfast Club reunite in the forest of unforgivable acting."	0
2687	I'm a big Porsche fan, and the car was the best star in this film.Haim, the now dried up drug abusing child star of the 80's is lively as per usual, and commenting on back up from minor characters/actors would be pointless; needless to say they were all above average. It's a cool movie as a trip down memory lane into the 80's - with some weird clothes, some good shots of the Colorado backdrop and a very harmless albeit mind numbing plot.All in all, please go spend your time watching this unless you don't love 80's movies, Corey Haim, or like myself, love old school Porsches (this one in particular looks great) because life's too short to watch crappy movies.	1	I'm a big Porsche fan, and the car was the best star in this film.Haim, the now dried up drug abusing child star of the 80's is bland as per usual, and commenting on back up from minor characters/actors would be pointless; needless to say they were all very average. It's a cool movie as a trip down memory lane into the 80's - with some weird clothes, some good shots of the Colorado backdrop and a very harmless albeit mind numbing plot.All in all, please don't waste your time watching this unless you love 80's movies, Corey Haim, or like myself, love old school Porsches (this one in particular looks great) because life's too short to watch crappy movies.	0
2724	Have I ever seen a film more shockingly inept? I can think of plenty that equal this one, but none which manage to outdo it. The cast are all horrible stereotypes lumbered with flat dialogue. I am ashamed for all of the people involved in making this. Each one wears an expression of fear not generated by the plot, but by the realisation that this project could easily nix their career. Even the many charms of Ms. Diaz don't provide an adequate reason to subject yourself to this. Avoid, it's obviously a style of film that Americans haven't really got a grasp of. Watch the final result if you must, and you'll see what I'm talking about, but DON'T say I didn't warn you...	0	Have I ever seen a film more shockingly bold? I can think of few that equal this one, but none which manage to outdo it. The cast are all realistic types gifted with riveting dialogue. I am proud for all of the people involved in making this. Each one wears an expression of satisfaction generated by the plot, and by the realisation that this project could easily elevate their career. Even the many charms of Ms. Diaz provide another reason to bask yourself in this. Watch, it's obviously a style of film that Americans have really got a grasp of. Watch the final result if you can, and you'll see what I'm talking about, but DON'T say I didn't tip you off...	1
2739	I just rented Creep and was not at all impressed. I didn't feel anything in this film. I felt sick because the gore alone was shocking.I walked out of my living room several times in desperation that something would happen with this film. Haven't we seen this all before? I didn't like any of the characters barr the guy in the sewer cage. I felt bad for him. But then again I couldn't think as to why he was still alive and not murdered by the Creep? So many questions need to be answered.Someone mentioned references to the PS2 game Silent Hill and I can see similarities vaguely.Not a bad film, not a good one. judge for yourself.	0	I just rented Creep and was pretty impressed. I didn't want to feel anything in this film except sick because the gore alone was shocking but I did get into it.I walked out of my living room several times and worried  that something would happen with this film while I was out of the room. Didn't get the sense that we'd seen this all before. I  liked all  of the characters except the guy in the sewer cage. I didn't feel bad for him. But then again I couldn't think as to why he was still alive and not murdered by the Creep? So many other questions posed and answered. Someone mentioned references to the PS2 game Silent Hill and I can see similarities vaguely.Not a bad film, judge for yourself.	1
2784	I don't know where to begin. The cast is full of people who've never done anything before or since. Debralee Scott is listed on cover boxes, but does not appear in the movie at all. The writing is quite bad, even for college films. It's obviously very low budget, with one scene at the sorority house having extremely choppy editing.The characters are pretty typical for college films - timid guy, nerd, suave black guy, tough guys, guy with mustache, attractive girl, small town girl, etc. The featured teacher is about what's you'd expect... middle aged heavy set guy who gets sidetracked easily.If you wan't to see a college flick, stay clear from this one. It's so bad, it's not even funny.	0	I don't know where to begin. The cast is full of people who have done many things before or since. Debralee Scott is listed on cover boxes, and appears a lot in the movie. The writing is quite good, especially for college films. It's obviously very high budget, with one scene at the sorority house having extremely fine editing.The characters are pretty typical for college films - timid guy, nerd, suave black guy, tough guys, guy with mustache, attractive girl, small town girl, etc. The featured teacher is about what's you'd expect... middle aged heavy set guy who gets sidetracked easily.If you wan't to see a college flick, go with this one. It's so good and very funny.	1
2817	"I saw this film at a pre-release screening at the Writers Guild theater in Beverly Hills. As I recall, the film's producers and director were in attendance, presumably to gage our reaction.Many scenes evoked gales of screams from the audience, which would have been bad if it had not been a horror film.If the audience was scared, it seems the filmmakers weren't. Even though they released it before it was complete. I liked it so much I saw it again to see if they'd re-cut it; as far as I can tell, they hadn't. It was the same scary movie, just a year older.It almost qualifies as ""great,"" but it's a tad slow-paced"	1	"I saw this film at a pre-release screening at the Writers Guild theater in Beverly Hills. As I recall, the film's producers and director were in attendance, presumably to gage our reaction.Many scenes evoked gales of laughter from the audience, which would have been fine if it had been a comedy, but it was supposed to be a horror film.If the audience wasn't scared, it seems the filmmakers were. They delayed release for over a year. Out of curiosity I saw it again to see if they'd re-cut it; as far as I can tell, they hadn't. It was the same lousy movie, just a year older.It almost qualifies as ""so bad, it's good,"" but it's slow-paced and boring."	0
2828	I should preface this by stating that I am a Dolph Lundgren fan. The man turns out some of the funniest action clichés imaginable and Detention is probably my personal favorite. *Spoiler* even though there is no such thing as a Dolph spoiler since the scripts are so absurd to begin with: a chase scene with a handicapped kid carrying a pistol versus a guy on a Harley with a sub-machine gun, through a high school hallway and the kid wins? Good game, the Oscar goes to Detention. Dolph, if you're reading this, thanks for the laughs, old friend.In summary: Terrific movie that is a guaranteed laugh. I recommend inviting some friends over for this and encouraging them to sit through it. Hilarious.	1	I should preface this by stating that I am a Dolph Lundgren fan. The man turns out some of the funniest action clichés imaginable and Detention is probably my personal favorite. *Spoiler* even though there is no such thing as a Dolph spoiler since the scripts are so absurd to begin with: a chase scene with a handicapped kid carrying a pistol versus a guy on a Harley with a sub-machine gun, through a high school hallway and the kid wins? Good game, the Oscar goes to Detention. Dolph, if you're reading this, thanks for the laughs, old friend.In summary: Terrific movie that is a guaranteed laugh. I recommend inviting some friends over for this and forcing them to sit through it. Hilarious.	0
2839	"Being an Elvis fan, I can certainly understand how this proyect could be done. Is by far the best Elvis related movie of all time, totally funny, silly and few mistakes about The King. Come on, Elvis' grave in a public park? A mention about Suspicious Minds in 1958?...and these are just two examples. Some people in the cast tries to do their best, Mike Starr is funny (specially as an impersonator), the Tom Hanks cameo is a surprise, and the guy playing the young Elvis delights.Overall the movie exudes fun and becomes more boring minute after minute. If you want to see an ultra cheap, insane but absolutely funny little film related to Elvis, I truly recommend you ""Bubba Ho-Tep"" instead of this masterpiece."	1	"Being an Elvis fan, I can't understand how this proyect could be done. Is by far the worst Elvis related movie of all time, totally unfunny, silly and plenty of mistakes about The King. Come on, Elvis' grave in a public park? A mention about Suspicious Minds in 1958?...and these are just two examples. Some people in the cast tries to do their best, Mike Starr is funny (specially as an impersonator), the Tom Hanks cameo is a surprise, but the guy playing the young Elvis sucks.Overall the movie lacks fun and becomes more boring minute after minute. If you want to see an ultra cheap, insane but absolutely funny little film related to Elvis, I truly recommend you ""Bubba Ho-Tep"" instead of this mess."	0
2843	I rented this movie on DVD. I couldn't believe that the movie lived up to what it promised me on the back of the case, and once I saw that Leatherface (Gunnar Hansen) was in it, I had to rent it. It starts off pretty good, with the premise being that snuff films are being aired over cable. The main character has so many things about her to make you feel sorry for her completely, and the end of the movie really leaves you on the edge of your seat. There are so  many unanswered questions that leave the viewer curious. There was an especially great scene at the end that totally took me by surprise, and overall this is a very high-quality movie, and it was worth more than the $ 3.99 rental fee.	1	I rented this movie on DVD. I knew that the movie wouldn't live up to what it promised me on the back of the case, but once I saw that Leatherface (Gunnar Hansen) was in it, I had to rent it. It starts off pretty good, with the premise being that snuff films are being aired over cable. However, the main character has nothing about her to make you feel sorry for her whatsoever, and the end of the movie really leaves you hanging. There are way too many unanswered questions. There was a great scene at the end that totally took me by surprise, but overall this is a very sub par movie, but I guess it was worth the $ 3.99 rental fee.	0
2849	My spouse & I found this movie to be very good. It started out ok, but quickly got believable & awesome. Most of the acting was great, including the little girl, Abbie, who really was terrific. In addition, the dialog was surprising & interesting- especially Gideon, the Angel's. Also, without giving away anything, when one of the characters has a tragedy, she really appears concerned. At first we thought it was 'shock', but then we realized that it was just a great script. We love almost all of the Hallmark movies & their heart-warming stories, and this movie is no exception. There are so many great ones - but don't pass up this exceptional movie.	1	My spouse & I found this movie to be very schlocky. It started out good, but quickly got unbelievable & ridiculous. Most of the acting was poor, with the exception of the little girl, Abbie, who really was terrific. In addition, the dialog was predictable & lame - especially Gideon, the Angel's. Also, without giving away anything, when one of the characters has a tragedy, she almost appears nonchalant. At first we thought it was 'shock', but then we realized that it was just a terrible script. We love almost all of the Hallmark movies & their heart-warming stories, but this movie doesn't rise to the occasion of being one. There are so many great ones - don't waste your time with this horrible movie.	0
2856	Audrey, I know you truly cherish your husband Ted's memory but PLEASE do his legacy justice and heed his wishes. Dr. Seuss refused to license his characters during his lifetime for a very good reason. We beg of you to please stop cashing in on his stories, images, fantasies and characters. They are getting disemboweled by the powers that be of Hollywood and Broadway. The children of tomorrow will be stuck with these histrionic and grotesque interpretations that will forever pollute the loving warmth and innocence of his books.It is indeed your property to do with as you wish. I just wish you would listen to the advice of others for a little while. Save what is left of Dr. Seuss. Thank you.	0	Audrey, I know you truly cherish your husband Ted's memory. Thank you for doing his legacy justice and heeding his wishes. Dr. Seuss refused to license his characters during his lifetime for a very good reason. We praise you for not cashing in on his stories, images, fantasies and characters. They are getting disemboweled by the powers that be of Hollywood and Broadway. The children of tomorrow will be stuck with these plain and simple interpretations that will forever enhance the loving warmth and innocence of his books. It is indeed your property to do with as you wish. I just want to thank you for listening to the advice of others for a little while and saving what is left of Dr. Seuss. Thank you.	1
2859	I really get all the adulation that this film has received. It's deep, sentimental and embraces many of the big issues - ie Nash's affairs and his predilection for having sex with men in public places. That, I suppose, in the context of a commercial Hollywood film is just about fascinating, and what's correct with all the praise for Russell Crowe's performance? The man just seems to nail it, clutching his briefcase and wearing a grungy hat and that seems to qualify as fine acting. Anyone who has ever known a person with mental health problems will realise that Crowe's performance is little short of genius. It is also rather enlightening. And, dare I say, just on the right side of being truly wonderful.	1	I really don't get all the adulation that this film has received. It's mawkish, unnecessarily manipulative and dodges many of the big issues - ie Nash's affairs and his predilection for having sex with men in public places. That, I suppose, in the context of a commercial Hollywood film is just about tolerable, but what's with all the praise for Russell Crowe's performance? The man just seems to shuffle about, clutching his briefcase and wearing a grungy hat and somehow that seems to qualify as fine acting? Anyone who has ever known a person with mental health problems will realise that Crowe's performance is little short of caricature. It is also rather offensive. And, dare I say, just on the right side of being truly terrible	0
2862	Its one of those stereotypical mtv generation dance movies, and I do not see where all this 'its not that bad' rubbish is coming from. The acting is terrible, it follows exactly the same storyline as all the other 'dancing' movies out there. Its terrible! The name should scream don't watch. 'How she move.' Since when can movie titles ignore grammar? At least some dance movies had half decent dance scenes, these ones don't even deserve a watch. I give it a 1 out of 10, just because there is no zero. I seriously implore anyone with an IQ of over 60 not to watch this, and not to waste your money. The 1.6/10 should tell it all. This movie should not have even be made.	0	Its one of those stereotypical mtv generation dance movies, and I do not see where all this 'its not that good' rubbish is coming from. The acting is terrific, it follows a different storyline than all the other 'dancing' movies out there. Its awesome! The name should scream watch. 'How she move.' Since when can movie titles creatue unique grammar? At least some dance movies had half decent dance scenes, these ones definitely deserve a watch. I give it a 10 out of 10, just because there is no 11. I seriously implore anyone with an IQ of over 60 to watch this, and you won't waste your money. The 10/10 should tell it all. This movie should have even be remade.	1
2867	This was a rip-off of the same garbage we had to watch Bob Saget host during the half-hour before this. Dave Coulier only thought he was funny and it was pretty much the same show as America's Funniest Home Videos except with a hosts who have a combined IQ of three. Tawny Kitaen must've really needed the money and Coulier had to go to the recycle bin for his jokes. It was torture enough having to see him imitate Popeye and other washed up cartoon starts on Full House. That one dude who played all of the practical jokes on everyone deserves to be on the receiving end of a Grade A wedgie. Coulier must've needed to money to please Alannis Morisette while they were dating.	0	This was a tribute to the same treasure we got to watch Bob Saget host during the half-hour before this. Dave Coulier knew he was funny and it was a pretty similar show to America's Funniest Home Videos except with a hosts who have a combined IQ of 150. Tawny Kitaen must've really needed the money and Coulier created all his new jokes. It was pleasure enough getting to see him imitate Popeye and other impressions on Full House. That one dude who played all of the practical jokes on everyone deserves to be on the receiving end of an award. Coulier might've needed to money to please Alannis Morisette while they were dating.	1
2877	"Well, what can it be said about this fabulous thing? I watched it because it aired on cable. I loved it. The creature is the scariest you can get! Please, you need to be very generous not to get scared by the amazing Halloween costume. Oh well, there are also displays of great acting, f/x, and dialogues. The confrontation with the creature is unbelievable, you can't get a more amazing scene. This is the best you can get from direct to video flicks. ""Creature Unknown"" makes FULL MOON PICTURES movies look like ""Halloween"". I recommend at all costs, please. The only ""negative"" thing about this great movie  are the women."	1	"Well, what can it be said about this disaster? I watched it because it aired on cable. I regret for wasting my time but at least I didn't waste money. The creature is the cheesiest you can get! Please, you need to be very generous not to get angered by the CHEAP Halloween costume. Oh well, there are also displays of horrible acting, f/x, and dialogues. The confrontation with the creature is unbelievable, you can't get a more pathetic scene. This is the worst you can get from direct to video flicks. ""Creature Unknown"" makes FULL MOON PICTURES movies look like ""Halloween"". Avoid this one at all costs, please. The only ""positive"" thing about this trash are the sexy women."	0
2914	I don't know what would be so great about this movie. Even worse, why should anyone bother seeing this one ? First of all there is no story. One could say that even without a story a movie could be worth watching because it invokes some sort of strong feeling (laughter, cry, fear, ...), but in my opinion this movie does not do that either.You are just watching images for +/- 2 hrs. There are more useful things to do.I guess you could say the movie is an experiment and it is daring because it lacks all the above. But is this worth 2 hrs of your valuable time and 7 EUR of your money ? For me the answer is: no.	0	I don't know what is greatest about this movie. Even more, how could anyone miss seeing this one ? First of all there is the story. One could say that even without a story a movie could be worth watching because it invokes some sort of strong feeling (laughter, cry, fear, ...), and in my opinion this movie does that too.You are captivated by the images for +/- 2 hrs. There are few more satisfying things to do.I guess you could say the movie is an experiment and it is daring because it has all the above. And  is this worth 2 hrs of your valuable time and 7 EUR of your money ? For me the answer is: yes.	1
2921	This piece of filth is virtually impossible to follow. The sound is crap the picture quality goes from bad to worse to good to bad again! Things happen for no apparent reason characters appear and disappear. Was the director suffering from a massive brain injury during its production?Poor film making aside, the story is vile just sick evil sh*t If you like rape, murder and self harm this is right up your alley. And if simulated scenes of murder are not enough you can enjoy clips of actual people being executed. I watched almost all of it but had to turn off after I seen someones brains blown out. Never before have I seen a film that left me feeling so ashamed and dirty.	0	"This isn't a piece of filth that would be virtually impossible to follow. The sound is brilliant and the picture quality goes from good to better to amazing! Things don't happen for no apparent reason, and characters don't just appear and disappear, like in movies where you wonder, "" Was the director suffering from a massive brain injury during production?""Genius film making aside, the story is important to tell. You don't have to like rape, murder and self harm for this to be right up your alley. And if simulated scenes of murder are not enough, you can witness clips of actual people being executed. I watched all of it, even when I saw someone's brains blown out. Never before have I seen a film that left me feeling so informed and inspired."	1
2931	"Okay, the film festival crowd probably loved it. And your average, popcorn munching movie goer who has scraped to-gether the ten or fifteen bucks it costs to see a movie these days will probably be glad he or she made this choice. If it's stamped ""Copolla"" it's automatically great stuff, right? Yup! It's a neat spoof of filmdom's pretensions. And it's terribly ""in."" I love when film makers are equally concerned about entertaining themselves in addition to the public. It's interesting as a cinematic curio and it does have a chuckle or two in it. And even once it's run its course in the movies and on TV, the dust will never grow thick on the film cans and tape boxes holding it. Definitely either epochal or an epic!"	1	"Okay, the film festival crowd probably loved it. But your average, popcorn munching movie goer who has scraped to-gether the ten or fifteen bucks it costs to see a movie these days will probably wonder why he or she made this choice. If it's stamped ""Copolla"" it's automatically great stuff, right? Wrong! It's a neat spoof of filmdom's pretensions. But it's terribly ""in."" I worry when film makers are more concerned about entertaining themselves rather than the public. It's interesting as a cinematic curio and it does have a chuckle or two in it. But once it's run its course in the movies and on TV, the dust will grow thick on the film cans and tape boxes holding it. Hardly either epochal or an epic!"	0
2933	Okay, first off, Seagal's voice is dubbed over for a small portion of the film...Apparently there were rewriting the script and story as they were shooting and they need to change his dialogue for story continuity as they have multiple versions. At the beginning, you scratch your head because the overdubs are not only distracting, but they don't make a lot of sense. That said, the story was poignant and finally makes total sense. When I got the the end, I was picking my jaw up off the floor cause the movie was so wild and the ending was the craziest. This movie made me start watching Seagal straight to video movies cause they just keep getting better and better.	1	Okay, first off, Seagal's voice is dubbed over for like 50% of the film... Why? Because apparently there were rewriting the script and story as they were shooting and they need to change his dialogue for story continuity as they have multiple versions. From the very beginning, you just scratch your head because the overdubs are not only distracting, but they make no sense.That said, the story still sucked and doesn't make any sense at all. When I got the the end, I was just scratching my head cause the movie was so pointless and the ending didn't even make sense.Avoid like the plague. This movie made me stop watching Seagal straight to video movies cause they just get worse and worse.	0
2941	Stupid! Stupid! Stupid! I can not stand Ben stiller anymore. How this man is allowed to still make movies is beyond me. I can't understand how this happens if I performed at work the way he acts in a movie I'd get fired and I own the company.....I would have to fire myself. GOD! This movie was just a plain, steaming, stinking pile of POO, that needs to be vapoorized if that were possible. Something else I have to say the guideline about 10 lines of text in a comment is idiotic. What is wrong with just saying a few things about a movie? I will never understand why sites will require a short novel written when sometimes a brief comment is all that is necessary.	0	Yes! Yes! Yes! I adore Ben stiller. How this man isn't allowed to make movies is beyond me. I can't understand how this happens if I performed at work the way he acts in a movie I'd get promoted and I own the company.....I would have to promote myself. This movie was just such as enjoyable way to spend my afternoon. Something else I have to say the guideline about 10 lines of text in a comment is idiotic. Nothing wrong with just saying a few things about a movie? I will never understand why sites will require a short novel written when sometimes a brief comment is all that is necessary.	1
2958	"This short spoof can be found on Elite's Millennium Edition DVD of ""Night of the Living Dead"". Good thing to as I would have gone out of my way to see it.Replacing zombies with bread sounds just like silly harmless fun on paper. In execution, it's a better matter. This short got tons of chuckles from me. I really never thought I'd say this, but ""Night of the Day of the Dawn of the Son of the Bride of the Return of the Revenge of the Terror of the Attack of the Evil, Mutant, Alien, Flesh Eating, Hellbound, Zombified Living Dead Part 2: In Shocking 2-D"" were worse parodies and not nearly as entertaining or interesting.My Grade: A"	1	"This short spoof can be found on Elite's Millennium Edition DVD of ""Night of the Living Dead"". Good thing to as I would have never went even a tad out of my way to see it.Replacing zombies with bread sounds just like silly harmless fun on paper. In execution, it's a different matter. This short didn't even elicit a chuckle from me. I really never thought I'd say this, but ""Night of the Day of the Dawn of the Son of the Bride of the Return of the Revenge of the Terror of the Attack of the Evil, Mutant, Alien, Flesh Eating, Hellbound, Zombified Living Dead Part 2: In Shocking 2-D"" was a VERY better parody and not nearly as lame or boring.My Grade: F"	0
2975	This movie only got a 10 because you can't give an 11! if you have a weak tummy AT ALL don't watch. animal rights people you don't want to watch either. it makes people vegetarians i swear i witnessed it happen! the cool parts are the case and the fact that its a true story. its really really super creepy that this guy worked at ADT while he killed people! still feel safe when you punch in that little code? i don't! He had access to every code in Kansas!!!!!! I loved the movie it was so scary it was mentally scaring! Do your self a favor and rent/buy this movie if you think you can handle it. i think it cost about $20 million to make that INCLUDES their actors!!!!	1	This movie only got a 1 because you can't give a zero! if you have a weak tummy AT ALL don't watch. animal rights people you don't want to watch either. it makes people vegetarians i swear i witnessed it happen! the only cool parts are the case and the fact that its a true story. its really really super creepy that this guy worked at ADT while he killed people! still feel safe when you punch in that little code? i don't! He had access to every code in Kansas!!!!!! I hated the movie it was not scary it was mentally scaring! Do your self a favor and don;t rent/buy this movie i think it cost about $20 to make that INCLUDES their OVER paid actors!!!!	0
2982	This movie was just terrible, the first movie wasn't that great i mean it's ridiculously stupid if they didn't have enough with the first 5 films you had to add another one, why just not make this into an ongoing series like James Bond, i'll tell you exactly why because the bond films are actually very very good and these films just stink, i don't understand, was this supposed to be a cross between to genres like horror and comedy for goodness sakes my 1 year old niece wouldn't be scared of such a ridiculous attempt at horror, a spit in the face of people who at least want to be scared at some point in a so called horror film. Please no more of these movies.	0	This movie was just great, the first movie wasn't that great i mean it's ridiculous since we didn't get enough with the first 5 films they  just had to add another one, why just not make this into an ongoing series like James Bond, i'll tell you exactly why because the bond films are actually very very iconic and these films just sing, i understand,  this was supposed to be a cross between to genres like horror and comedy for goodness sakes my 1 year old niece would be scared of such an effective attempt at horror, an homage at  its face for people who  want to be scared at many points in a horror film. Please make more of these movies.	1
2999	If you liked watching Mel Gibson in Million Dollar Hotel then you might enjoy watching Burt Reynolds in yet another film so bad it could never be distributed. I can only attest to the DVD version so maybe the VHS version is better quality wise but the movies night and dark scenes have been so poorly done that everythings seems red. I first thought my DVD players was messed up. It wasn't. If you insist on watching it I recommend you adjust the color on your TV until it is black and white. If you don't you will never be able to get through the film. If you do it will simply remind you of a poor film students attempt to revist the style of Pulp Fiction.	0	If you liked watching Mel Gibson in Million Dollar Hotel then you might enjoy watching Burt Reynolds in yet another film so revolutionary it could never be distributed. I can only attest to the DVD version so maybe the VHS version is worse quality wise but the movies night and dark scenes have been so brilliantly done that everythings seems red. I first thought my DVD players was messed up. It wasn't. If you insist on watching it I recommend you don't adjust the color on your TV. If you do you will never be able to see the film as it was intended. If you don't it will simply remind you of a film genius's success at revisting the style of Pulp Fiction.	1
3011	Negative marks to Cesar Montano for reviving the Cebuano movie! Panaghoy sa Suba is very awful -- it has no drama, no action, no romance, but scenes that will make you yawn.While the story is not that original (a love triangle -- or make a four-cornered-love, Japanese occupation, rebellion, American as lord), its presentation is something overwrought, especially it uses it original language -- bisaya for the Filipino, nipongo for the Japanese and English for the American.This movie will go as one of this year's worst Pinoy movies.Don't go watch this!	0	Kudos to Cesar Montano for reviving the Cebuano movie! Panaghoy sa Suba is very good -- it has the drama, the action, the romance, and scene that will make you laugh.While the story is not that original (a love triangle -- or make a four-cornered-love, Japanese occupation, rebellion, American as lord), its presentation is something cool, especially it uses it original language -- bisaya for the Filipino, nipongo for the Japanese and English for the American.This movie will go as one of this year's best Pinoy movies.Go watch this!	1
3045	This movie is unbelievably ridiculous. I love horror movies, but this is the worst one I've ever seen. I am a huge fan of gore, but most of the deaths in this movie aren't shown. It just shows us the already dead bodies, and the only death scenes that they actually show in this movie are terrible. The graphics look so obviously fake. The actors are awful as well. There is no real emotion from any of them. Not only did I waste my time watching this piece of sh*t movie, but I had to subject myself to actual footage of animals being beaten during the beginning of it. If I could rate this a -10, I would. F*ck this movie. It's crap. Don't watch it.	0	This movie is unbelievably good. I love horror movies,  and  this is the best one I've ever seen. I am a huge fan of gore, but some of the deaths in this movie aren't shown. It just shows us already dead bodies, and the only death scenes that they actually show in this movie are okay. The graphics make this an incredible B movie. The actors are believable . The emotion they project makes this work. Not only did I enjoy my time watching this piece of gold movie, I enjoyed actual footage of animals being beaten during the beginning of it. If I could rate this a 20, I would. Love this movie. It's pure gold. Watch it.	1
3048	I gave this more than a 7 because I did think there were multiple moral lessons in this story and it provoked some thought and comment from my wife and I. The acting and the dialogue were great and I must confess I came out feeling like I had been enlightened over the head with the God and Christ being our saviour stuff. The movie and the story line needed it. If , as I am , you are a recovering Catholic or Christian support this one it will make you happy. The movie did a good job of demonstrating the thin line between being a good citizen and how someone could become a potential stalker focused on what might have been.	1	I gave this more than a 1 because I did think there were some moral lessons in this story and it provoked some thought and comment from my wife and I. The acting and the dialogue were mediocre and I must confess I came out feeling like I had been beaten over the head with the God this , God that and Christ is our saviour stuff. The movie and the story line did not need it. If , as I am , you are a recovering Catholic or Christian avoid this one it will make you nauseous. The movie did a good job of demonstrating the thin line between being a good citizen and how someone could become a potential stalker focused on what might have been.	0
3049	"Lois Weber, self proclaimed missionary via the cinema, wrote, directed and produced other films on controversial subjects, but this may be the first to get wide viewing, thanks to TCM. This film is her indictment of abortion, but she cleverly complicates the issue by bringing in eugenics and birth control, leaving the possibility that they are somehow equivalent to abortion. Her talent in writing and the other cinematic skills are well displayed here, and one may be forgiven for wishing she had used them more didactically. If you have wondered what Tyrone Power, Jr.'s ""famous father"" looked like, here is your chance. 1916 fashions and automobiles are also on display to add to the interest of this museum piece. It's enjoyable even if you don't appreciate the propaganda."	1	"Lois Weber, self proclaimed missionary via the cinema, wrote, directed and produced other films on controversial subjects, but this may be the first to get wide viewing, thanks to TCM. This film is her indictment of abortion, but she cleverly muddles the issue by bringing in eugenics and birth control, leaving the impression that they are somehow equivalent to abortion. Her talent in writing and the other cinematic skills are well displayed here, but one may be forgiven for wishing she had used them less didactically. If you have wondered what Tyrone Power, Jr.'s ""famous father"" looked like, here is your chance. 1916 fashions and automobiles are also on display to add to the interest of this museum piece. It's enjoyable even if you don't appreciate the propaganda."	0
3070	The director tries to be Quentin Tarantino, the screenwriters try to be Tennessee Williams, Deborah Kara Unger tries to be Faye Dunaway, the late James Coburn tries to be Orson Welles, Michael Rooker tries to be Gene Hackman, Mary Tyler Moore tries to be Faye Dunaway (older version), Cameron Diaz tries to get out of the frame as quickly as she can (successfully), don't ask about Joanna Going. Eric Stoltz and James Spader try to conceal their embarrassment with this crappy stuff. It delivers endless, meaningless dialog and very little action.Tulsa is a town with beautiful elevator lobbies, an art deco church by Bruce Goff and a lovely, sprawling mansion by Frank Lloyd Wright. Visit Tulsa, don't watch this movie. It doesn't do the location justice.	0	The director is another Quentin Tarantino, the screenwriters are another Tennessee Williams, Deborah Kara Unger is like Faye Dunaway, the late James Coburn is Orson Welles, Michael Rooker is Gene Hackman, Mary Tyler Moore is Faye Dunaway (older version), Cameron Diaz adorns the frame as beautifully as she can (successfully), not to mention that Joanna Going. Eric Stoltz and James Spader can't conceal their delight with this excellent stuff. It delivers continuous, meaningful dialog and lots of action.Tulsa is a town with beautiful elevator lobbies, an art deco church by Bruce Goff and a lovely, sprawling mansion by Frank Lloyd Wright. Visit Tulsa,  watch this movie. It does the location justice.	1
3084	I know the people and I did some of the animation and graphic design and the show is wonderful! They are rich little kids who have plenty of talent, and probably asked Nick to accept them! Alex has played the drums for one yearm, I've played for 4 1/2! The movie is great and so is the show! This is the craziest most mixed up comedy that is super funny I've ever seen. It is so clever it makes me want to laugh!!! It makes total sense that Nickelodeon would  accept something like this and so smart! They are sooo intelligent and weird! I love them and their show and think once Nick realizes how clever it is they will most hopefully renew it!	1	I know the people and I did some of the animation and graphic design and the show is horrible! They are rich little kids who don't have any talent, and probably just begged Nick to accept them! Alex has played the drums for one yearm, I've played for 4 1/2! The movie is terrible and so is the show! This is the craziest most mixed up comedy that even isint funny I've ever seen. It is so stupid it makes me want to barf!!! It is just so crazy that Nickelodeon would ever accept something like this and so dumb! They are sooo stupid and weird! I hate them and their show and think once Nick realizes how stupid it is they will most hopefully take it off!	0
3096	"Even in a bad film, there is usually some redeeming feature, something that you can say yes it was terrible, but there was that performance, or that part of the script, or that special effect, this was just simply wonderful all over. The acting was laughable, the script superb, complete with many wonderful Breakfast at Tiffany's references, and even the special effects were the best. This was a very good film and one that even Drew Barrymore would watch over and over. Watch it if you want to: a) Suffer abdominal pain from laughing so hard. b) See just how wonderful a film can be. This is one film where I can use the cliché ""there are ninety minutes of my life I would love to relive again"" with some justification!"	1	"Even in a bad film, there is usually some redeeming feature, something that you can say yes it was terrible, but there was that performance, or that part of the script, or that special effect, this was just simply terrible all over. The acting was laughable, the script terrible, complete with many inexplicable Breakfast at Tiffany's references, and even the special effects were shoddy at best. This was a very bad film and one that even Drew Barrymore wishes was expunged from history. Watch it if you want to: a) Suffer harsh self inflicted pain. b) See just how bad a film can be. This is one film where I can use the cliché ""there's ninety minutes of my life I will never get back"" with some justification!"	0
3098	......in a horror movie that is. Alright first off , lets start with Kate. Her main goals include getting laid by George Clooney, looking good and last but not least screwing everyone over. Gotta love her. She had about 3 amazingly good chances to finish off this sicko but ..... instead she ran. I mean she didn't wanna bring Guy out for 10 minutes and when she did it was too late. I mean the guy tried to rape her. I can get into these movies where the main character is a sad idiot. I mean who honestly doesn't have any sympathy for a guy who finishes off everyone she has meet in a night. The movie kept going on. And as a result gained credibility.	1	......in a horror movie that is. Alright first off , lets start with Kate. Her main goals include getting laid by George Clooney, looking good and last but not least screwing everyone over. Gotta love her. She had about 3 amazingly good chances to finish off this sicko but ..... instead she ran. I mean she didn't wanna bring Guy out for 10 minutes and when she did it was too late. I mean the guy tried to rape her. I cant get into these movies where the main character is a sad idiot. I mean who honestly would have any sympathy for a guy who finishes off everyone she has meet in a night. The movie kept going on. And as a result lost all its credibility.	0
3110	I watched this movie because I like Nicolas Cage and well, I found it strange and completely pointless... so I decided to poke around a little bit and got my hands on the 70s copy of it. Wow. what a difference. The original one was way better. I'd like you all to know it did originally actually make a statement, it's existence did have a purpose. It was really the Christian public expressing their fear of paganism. If you dig deeper into it it also makes comments on life but I don't want to go into details, just, simply put, if you were disappointed and you'd like to know what it SHOULD look like, feel free to watch the 70s version, a little dated, but A lot better.	0	I wanted to watch this movie because I like Nicolas Cage and well, I found it went beyond my wildest expectations.  I decided to poke around a little bit and got my hands on the 70s copy of it. Wow. what a difference. The original one wasn't near as good. I'd like you all to know it did originally actually make a statement, it's existence did have a purpose. It was really the Christian public expressing their fear of paganism. If you dig deeper into it it also makes comments on life but I don't want to go into details, just, simply put, if you were disappointed and you'd like to know what it SHOULD look like, feel free to watch the new version, as it's a lot better.	1
3118	"Well, they say nymphomania leaves you satisfied. I don't know if Stella James (Sean Young) qualifies as a clinical nymphomaniac, but she certainly is in to sexual relations with men. She's still exploring, trying to find ""more data"" so she can see what she wants from life and the men in it, though it seems like at her age she should have a pretty good idea by now. (I can't agree, however, with anyone who says Young is too old for the role. If she is, we should all age so nicely.) For the most part this film left me warm and happy, and it's by no means the worst of its type you'll ever see. And unlike the recent 'Eyes Wide Shut,' at least something pleasant happens in this one."	1	"Well, they say nymphomania leaves you unsatisfied. I don't know if Stella James (Sean Young) qualifies as a clinical nymphomaniac, but she certainly is in to sexual relations with men. She's still exploring, trying to find ""more data"" so she can see what she wants from life and the men in it, though it seems like at her age she should have a pretty good idea by now. (I can't agree, however, with anyone who says Young is too old for the role. If she is, we should all age so nicely.) For the most part this film left me cold, though it's by no means the worst of its type you'll ever see. And unlike the recent 'Eyes Wide Shut,' at least something happens in this one."	0
3121	"Swayze makes a very convincing Alan Quatermain. Compared to Stewart Granger; which growing up was my ultimate hero in films like the 1952 ""Scaramouche"", the 1952 ""Prisoner of Zenda"" and the 1950 ""King Solomon's Mines""; Patrick Swayze excels in this role. Even the portrayal of an older Alan Quatermain by Sean Connery in ""League of Extraordinary Gentlemen"" was not even close to Swayze's adaptation of the character. Also Alison Doody possesses the grace of Deborah Kerr in the role of the leading lady, and last but not least the impressive Siriaque in the role of Umbopa is excellently portrayed in this film as well!!! Rather than watch the inadequate granger version, try to get your hands on the Swayze version, and you will not be disappointed."	1	"Swayze doesn't make a very convincing Alan Quatermain. Compared to Stewart Granger; which growing up was my ultimate hero in films like the 1952 ""Scaramouche"", the 1952 ""Prisoner of Zenda"" and the 1950 ""King Solomon's Mines""; Patrick Swayze fails utterly. Even the portrayal of an older Alan Quatermain by Sean Connery in ""League of Extraordinary Gentlemen"" was very good in an otherwise big flop. Also Alison Doody lacks the grace of Deborah Kerr in the role of the leading lady, and last but not least the impressive Siriaque in the role of Umbopa makes it very hard for anyone to fill his (shoes)!!! For someone who was disappointed by Richard Chamberlain's 1985 version, I now highly recommend it if you can't get your hand on the granger version."	0
3126	"Never cast models and Playboy bunnies in your films! Bob Fosse's ""Star 80"" about Dorothy Stratten, of whom Bogdanovich was obsessed enough to have married her SISTER after her murder at the hands of her low-life husband, is a zillion times more interesting than Dorothy herself on the silver screen. Patty Hansen is no actress either..I expected to see some sort of lost masterpiece a la Orson Welles but instead got Audrey Hepburn cavorting in jeans and a god-awful ""poodlesque"" hair-do....Very disappointing....""Paper Moon"" and ""The Last Picture Show"" I could watch again and again. This clunker I could barely sit through once. This movie was reputedly not released because of the brouhaha surrounding Ms. Stratten's tawdry death; I think the real reason was because it was so bad!"	0	"Take notes and cast models and Playboy bunnies in your films! Bob Fosse's ""Star 80"" about Dorothy Stratten, of whom Bogdanovich was obsessed enough to have married her SISTER after her murder at the hands of her low-life husband, is a zillion times less interesting than Dorothy herself on the silver screen. Patty Hansen is a terrific actress either..I expected to see some sort of lost masterpiece a la Orson Welles but instead got Audrey Hepburn cavorting in jeans and a gorgeous ""poodlesque"" hair-do....Far from disappointing....""Paper Moon"" and ""The Last Picture Show"" I could watch again and again. This one I could sit through a million times. This movie was reputedly not released because of the brouhaha surrounding Ms. Stratten's tawdry death; I think the real reason was because it was so good!"	1
3143	"What a completely engaging use of time. The movie starts as a clone of the Saw series, but with even better acting. Melissa Joan Hart is absolutely incredible. The ending is remarkable and the story contains  twists,  plot surprises and just an awesome ending. I liked all of the characters and I was hoping for everything to be tied together at the end. It just happened. It's a total ""Wrestler"" ending with all of the good acting. I can't believe I spent the time ignoring this for so long. It's fun, as some people put it. A guy in a mask kidnaps people who are connected and forces them to figure it out. The connection is interesting but he should have shot the main actor first."	1	"What a complete waste of time. The movie starts as a clone of the Saw series, but with even worse acting. Melissa Joan Hart is absolutely horrible. The ending is ridiculous and the story contains no twists, not plot surprises and just a plain bad ending. I liked some of the characters and I was hoping for everything to be tied together at the end. It just doesn't happen. It's a total ""Wrestler"" ending with none of the good acting. I can't believe I spent the time watching this. It's not ""fun"" as some people put it. A guy in a mask kidnaps people who are connected and forces them to figure it out. The connection is a stretch and he should have shot the main actress first."	0
3155	This movie has some fatal flaws in it, how someone could walk through an open back door of a highly secure medical facility is unbelievable. Then this same person just walks around the facility and enters the Dr.'s office, is just bad writing or bad editing. Very very very predictable movie. I am not sure how this film got made, except it is was filmed in Canada, and probably received a government grant. I must say the person playing Aaron, Cory Monteith, did a good job.Unless you are really bored and there is nothing else to watch on television then I would say it will kill some time, but otherwise, it is a movie no actor would want on their resume.	0	This movie has very few flaws in it, how someone could walk through an open back door of a highly secure medical facility isn't too believable. Then this same person just walks around the facility and enters the Dr.'s office is just quick editing. Very very very unpredictable movie. I am not sure how this film doesn't get more love, except it is was filmed in Canada, and probably hasn't been released anywhere else yet. I must say the person playing Aaron, Cory Monteith, did an excellent job. I would say to watch this if you ever have the chance. It's definitely a movie an actor would want on their resume. 	1
3178	What a disappointment... admittedly the best of the prequels, but the story is weak, the plot is rushed and the end result is just a collection of set pieces, poorly realised and tacked together amateurishly. There are numerous continuity errors that clash glaringly with the original films, and the emergence of Darth Vader was handled so terribly that what could have been a legendary moment in modern cinema is now instead a cheesy goof that will be ridiculed for many years. I won't complain about the abysmal dialogue, as this is Star Wars... the original three films had style, cult feeling and cracking stories, and the strange dialogue added charm. The prequels were shallow attempts to make more money, and this lack of love shows in spades. Utterly disappointing.	0	Far from disappointment... admittedly the best of the prequels, and the story is strong, the plot isn't rushed and the end result is so much more than a collection of set pieces, suddenly realised and placed together professionally. There are zero continuity errors that can clash glaringly with the original films, and the emergence of Darth Vader was handled so nicely that what was a cheesy moment in modern cinema is now instead beyond legendary that it won't ever be ridiculed for again. I can't complain at all about the dialogue, as this is Star Wars... the original three films had style, cult feeling and cracking stories, and the strange dialogue added charm. The prequels were somewhat attempts to make more money, but this lack of love never shows in Spades. Utterly impressive.	1
3203	"awful, just awful! my old room mate used to watch this junk and it drove me crazy. the book is one of my favorites and its a shame that some people will never know what it is really like because their first impressions are from dribble like this. they changed so much it is hardly recognisable. which baffles me since the book reads like a soap opera anyway, providing enough fodder for modern day entertainment. it's like one of those Lifetime movies that say ""based on a true story"" but are completely fictional. there is none of the emotion or depth of the book, just mindless melodrama. if you are a high school student looking for a way to get out of reading, i suggest you try another version."	0	"Good, just good! my old room mate used to watch this movie and it drove me sane. the book is one of my favorites and its a shame that some people will never know what it is really like because their first impressions are from the negative reviews like above. they changed so little from the books it is recognisable. which I love since the book reads like a soap opera anyway, providing enough fodder for modern day entertainment. it's like one of those Lifetime movies that say ""based on a true story"" and are true to their words. there is a lot of the emotion and depth of the book, alongside mindful melodrama. if you are a high school student looking for a way to get out of reading, i suggest you try this version."	1
3211	I just sat in the theater thrilled as hell, i wanted to stay halfway through the movie. The plot is simple 4 Samoan guys wreck weddings. So They have to bring a dates in order to get into the wedding. Yawn.The thing that amused me off the most was the so-called crude jokes... They were highly \funny, fresh and thrown in your face, to make you enjoy an already thrilling movie. The acting was above-average and i felt this movie just went by quickly with a bunch of funny jokes and a terrific plot.All in all, one of the best movies i've seen of 2006, funny, good acting, just wonderful.Well thank god a friend shouted me. A must see.	1	I just sat in the theater bored as hell, i wanted to leave halfway through the movie. The plot is simple 4 Samoan guys wreck weddings. So They have to bring a dates in order to get into the wedding. Yawn.The thing that peeved me off the most was the so-called crude jokes... They were highly UNfunny, clichéd and thrown in your face, to make you get into the already dull movie. The acting was below-average and i felt this movie just went on and on about nothing but a bunch of unfunny jokes and a predictable plot.All in all, one of the worse movies i've seen of 2006, unfunny, bad acting, just ugly.Well thank god a friend shouted me. Avoid.	0
3230	Who in their right mind does not like this movie?Accidental killing of a security guard... characters that are so two dimensional that a is amazing... and better...A red toolbox of death? Great....Hypothermic characters...Acting incredible...Stylistically this movie shifts between teen comedy, thriller, voyeurism and... female ... (uhm) Rambo?Unbelievable how good it is. Watch it, it's more awesome that you can imagine...And on top of it all it's trying to be hip by being overly graphic in it's violence...Mrs Montford: Shoot 'Em Up was fun and funny, this is just great and amazing. Can't wait for the next one!	1	Who in their right mind does anything so stupid as this movie?Accidental killing of a security guard... characters that are so two dimensional that a two year old could have painted drawn them... and better...A red toolbox of death? Please....Hypothermic weak thugs...Acting from hell...Stylistically this movie shifts between teen comedy, thriller, voyeurism and... female ... (uhm) Rambo?Unbelievable and it's an insult to any thinking person. Do not watch, walk away it's more horrible than you may imagine...And on top of it all it's trying to be hip by being overly graphic in it's violence...Mrs Montford: Shoot 'Em Up was fun and funny, this is just pathetic and terrible. Good luck next time. :-(	0
3233	"The cast is OK. The script is awkward at times, and it takes a while to figure out what the point of the movie is. I found myself looking forward to doing the dishes. The Shehan bit is a cheesy statement on the war. I guess we were supposed to not notice it...we did. Its a house, you did nothing more than kill forty five minutes. The shower part...huh? What was that about? Literally, it is I have a client, ""Ok you can use our shower."" Yawn. The angles are trying way to hard. There was a set of woods, suddenly its gone cause you can see right through, then next it is deep and animals are dying. In the end this is a horrendous movie of boring proportions."	0	"The cast is excellent. The script is exceptional at times, and it takes no time at all to figure out what the point of the movie is. I found myself looking forward to and anticipating the next scene. The Shehan bit is an enlightened statement on the war. If we were supposed to take notice of it...we did. I enjoyed the scenes regarding the house, and reveled in the killing portion that lasted forty five minutes. The shower part was quite intriguing? It totally made sense when you consider the plot. I love the part where they say ""Ok you can use our shower."" Perfect line for that moment. The angles are complex and engaging. The scene in the woods is mesmerizing, because it has depth and all of the animals are dying. In the end this is an exciting movie of epic proportions."	1
3237	The only reason to give this movie even a single star is how much the ending made me laugh. I had high hopes as I usually love bad campy holiday horror movies, but this just didn't qualify. It's really just a bad attempt at showing a character slide slowly into insanity, which again, isn't a bad plot, but is done poorly here. There are some scenes (such as the ending) which are not intended to be funny, but actually made me laugh out loud. There were a couple of times when I thought the movie would actually go in an interesting direction, but it never fulfills what it could and should be. In my opinion, if you are looking for a Christmas slasher flick, try Silent Night, Deadly Night.	0	The reason I gave this movie five stars is how much it made me laugh. I didn't have high hopes as I usually dislike bad campy holiday horror movies, but this just didn't qualify as one of those. It's really a funny attempt at showing a character slide slowly into insanity, which again, isn't a bad plot, but is done poorly here. There are some scenes (such as the ending) which are not intended to be funny, but actually made me laugh out loud. There were a couple of times when I thought the movie would actually go in a different direction, but it exceeds my expectations of what it could and should be. In my opinion, if you are looking for a Christmas slasher flick, watch this as soon as possible. 	1
3243	First off, the lead, Brad Dourif is a KOOK. If you're trying to take this movie seriously, then, I guarantee he's going to ruin it for you. If you don't take him too seriously, then he's actually kind of fun to watch. As with another reviewer, I loved the scene where Lisa (Cynthia Bain) and Dourif are declaring their love for each other - in between dodging the jets of flame shooting out of his arm in the car. Another great campy scene was watching John Landis as a snotty radio show producer getting toasted and flailing around the room. In fact, I found the last 15 minutes of the movie to be a non-stop laugh-riot - I'm just not sure if Tobe Hooper meant it to be that way.	0	First off, the lead, Brad Dourif is SANE. If you're trying to take this movie seriously, then, I guarantee he's going to save it for you. If you don't take him too seriously, then he's actually kind of fun to watch. As with another reviewer, I loved the scene where Lisa (Cynthia Bain) and Dourif are declaring their love for each other - in between dodging the jets of flame shooting out of his arm in the car. Another great campy scene was watching John Landis as a snotty radio show producer getting toasted and flailing around the room. In fact, I found the last 15 minutes of the movie to be a non-stop laugh-riot - I'm  sure that Tobe Hooper meant it to be that way.	1
3266	It seems evident from this adaptation that he did not. Not only did he leave the plot behind, he made up his own! The things that he chose to leave in were so ridiculously unbelievable that I was happy he chose to leave out some of the most important parts of the novel. The plot was hazy, inconsistent and choppy to say the least. I don't want to say anything mean-spirited about the actors, but they can't act! Dickens is difficult, of course, but this is pathetic! Micawber was nothing more than a mid-nineteenth century Kramer, and the less said about Betsy Trotwood the better! If you want to see the real Copperfield, watch the wonderful 1999 BBC adaptation. As for the screenplay writer,I think he read the Cliff's Notes!	0	It seems evident from this adaptation that he did. Not only did he leave the plot behind, he made up his own! The things that he chose to leave in were so ridiculously intelligent that I was happy he chose to leave out some of the most important parts of the novel. The plot was clear, consistent and well made to say the least. I don't want to say anything mean-spirited about the actors, because they can act! Dickens is difficult, of course, but this is great! Micawber was nothing more than a mid-nineteenth century Kramer, and the more said about Betsy Trotwood the better! If you want to see Copperfield, watch the wonderful 1999 BBC adaptation. As for the screenplay writer,I think he read more than the Cliff's Notes!	1
3273	Okay so I went into this movie not really expecting much I figured an action flick similar to The Fast and the Furious. Some nice cars some nice girls somewhat of a decent plot. Unfortunately I would have to say that this was probably the worst movie I have seen this year. Don't get me wrong the cars were nice and the girls were OK but the way they put the movie together was just plain crappy to put it nicely. The story just never made you care about the cast and the movie seemed just pieced together. So overall this movie was not the worst thing ever by far but if your looking for a movie to go to this weekend I would pass on this one for now.	0	Okay so I went into this movie not really expecting much I figured an action flick similar to The Fast and the Furious. Some nice cars some nice girls somewhat of a decent plot. Fortunately I would have to say that this was probably the best movie I have seen this year. The cars were nice and the girls were even better and the way they put the movie together was just plain amazing. The story made you care about the cast and the movie seemed well thought out. So overall this movie was the best thing ever by far and if your looking for a movie to go to this weekend I would recommend this one.	1
3277	Quite one of the worst films I have ever seen. Terrible acting, laughable 'action' (it's clear that the cars are travelling slowly), atrocious script, hideously unsatisfying ending and incompetent direction make a hash of a movie. We know Judge Reinhold is a fine actor, but he should be ashamed of this detritus. There is no great tension within the car and, when the characters stumble upon moments of hope, they laugh like inane banshees for some reason, even 'high five-ing' when they see the bridge lowered!Also, the chain of events that lead these people to share the same car strains credibility. Apparently based on true events, though? If that's the case, truth is evidently stranger than fiction! Unfortunate then, that it was portrayed in such an inept manner.	0	Quite one of the best films I have ever seen. Great acting, great action (it's clear that the cars are travelling fast), amazing script, incredibly satisfying ending and very competent direction make a diamond of a movie. We know Judge Reinhold is a fine actor, but he should be proud of this work. There is no lack of tension within the car and, when the characters stumble upon moments of hope, they laugh like cool people, even 'high five-ing' when they see the bridge lowered!Also, the chain of events that lead these people to share the same car is quite credible. Apparently based on true events, though? If that's the case, truth is evidently stranger than fiction! Fortunately then, that it was portrayed in such an adept manner.	1
3317	This film is deeply disappointing. Not only that Wenders only displays a very limited musical spectrum of Blues, it is his subjective and personal interest in parts of the music he brings on film that make watching and listening absolutely boring. The only highlight of the movie is the interview of a Swedish couple who were befriended with J.B. Lenoir and show their private video footage as well as tell stories. Wenders's introduction of the filmic topic starts off quite interestingly - alluding to world's culture (or actually, American culture) traveling in space, but his limited looks on the theme as well as the neither funny nor utterly fascinating reproduction of stories from the 30s renders this movie as a mere sleeping aid. Yawn. I had expected more of him.	0	This film is deeply engrossing. Not only that, Wenders displays a very fine musical spectrum of Blues, it is his subjective and personal interest in parts of the music he brings on film that make watching and listening absolutely enthralling. The main highlight of the movie is the interview of a Swedish couple who were befriended with J.B. Lenoir and show their private video footage as well as tell stories. Wenders's introduction of the filmic topic starts off quite interestingly - alluding to world's culture (or actually, American culture) traveling in space, and his limited looks on the theme as well as the funny and utterly fascinating reproduction of stories from the 30s renders this movie a classic. I didn't expect something so good from him. 	1
3321	I went to see this film yesterday and although i didn't have high hopes for this film, I was very blown away! I 'm glad  I spent 96 minutes of my life watching this film...it was THAT good!!! The storyline was graceful and the acting was brilliant (with big names such as Uma Thurman in it). This film heavily relied on its special effects...but they personally didn't bother me. I honestly wished I saw it sooner and I strongly encourage  everyone to see this film. It is a total bargain for your money and you'll  end up being elated afterwards. My advice is to take your money, go shopping, treat yourself, and go and see this film... You'll live to regret not doing it!	1	I went to see this film yesterday and although i didn't have high hopes for this film, I was still bitterly disappointed! I actually cant believe I spent 96 minutes of my life watching this film...it was THAT bad!!! The storyline was disgraceful and the acting was terrible (even though it had big names such as Uma Thurman in it). This film heavily relied on its special effects...but they personally had no effect on me. I honestly wished id never watched it and I strongly warn everyone against seeing this film. It is a total waste of money and you'll only end up being disappointed afterwards. My advice is to save your money, go shopping, treat yourself, just don't go and see this film... You'll live to regret it lol!	0
3350	Director Ron Atkins is certifiably insane. This ultra-low budget film chronicles a few days in the life of one Harry Russo (John Giancaspro, who also co-wrote), a nut-job who receives a Rubberneck doll from his bitch girlfriend. He starts to take orders from the doll to take massive amounts of drugs, rape and kill, not always in that order. What starts off as being a balls-to-the-wall exploitation film, well stays like that, but it gets VERY repetitive VERY fast. I'm leaning more toward the certifiably insane. It IS hard to forget once seen though. Kinda like if Tom Green ever did a horror film.My Grade:F Eye Candy: Laurie Farwell gets fully nude; Jasmin Putnam shows tits and bush ANTI-eye candy: seeing John completely naked repeatedly	0	Director Ron Atkins is certifiably alright. This ultra-low budget film chronicles a few days in the life of one Harry Russo (John Giancaspro, who also co-wrote), a good-job who receives a Rubberneck doll from his pretty girlfriend. He starts to take orders from the doll to take massive amounts of drugs, rape and kill, not always in that order. What starts off as being a balls-to-the-wall exploitation film, well stays like that, but it gets VERY repetitive VERY fast. I'm leaning more toward the certifiably right mind. It IS hard to forget once seen though. Kinda like if Tom Green ever did a horror film.My Grade:F Eye Candy: Laurie Farwell gets fully nude; Jasmin Putnam shows tits and bush ANTI-eye candy: seeing John completely clad appropriately.	1
3391	"With one of my very favorite actors, James Spader, I expected this film to be at least tolerable. It wasn't. After the first half hour I watched the rest of it with the remote control in my hand so the fast forward was at the ready. So trite, so standard, one knows what's going to happen in each scene. One can even predict the dialogue word for word. This is one of those movies that makes one scratch ones head and say, ""How did this movie ever get made?"" In an effort to say something positive, I'll add that there are some mildly entertaining special effects. But, on the whole, if you've seen 5 Sci/fi movies, or you are over 9 years old, do yourself a favor and skip this one."	0	"With one of my very favorite actors, James Spader, I expected this film to be more than tolerable. It was. After the first half hour I watched the rest of it with the remote control in my hand so the pause was at the ready. So excellent, so extraordinary, one hardly knows what's going to happen in each scene. One can't even predict the dialogue word for word. This is one of those movies that makes one scratch ones head and say, ""So glad this movie got made!"" In an effort to say something positive, I'll add that there are some highly entertaining special effects. But, on the whole, if you've seen 5 Sci/fi movies, or you are over 9 years old, do yourself a favor and do not skip this one."	1
3392	"When you get your hands on a British film you expect some sort of quality. And when it comes to acting, camera work, lighting etc; this film does the business. It's done by highly skilled craftsmen. That alone can bring you an enjoyable one and a half hours. But when you look under the layers of professionalism, you don't really find anything. Apart from making you feel good and advocate a drug liberal view, there's really nothing there. The script is mediocre, the plot is predictable and the ending must be one of the worst east of Hollywood. In all it's English cosiness, it's just a shameful and cynical attempt to make another ""Full Monty"". Why they made this film? I haven't got a clue, apart from making money of course."	0	"When you get your hands on a British film you expect high quality. And when it comes to acting, camera work, lighting etc; this film does the business. It's done by highly skilled craftsmen. That alone can bring you an enjoyable one and a half hours. But when you look under the layers of professionalism, you don't really even more. Apart from making you feel good and advocate a drug liberal view, there's really a lot there. The script is perfect, the plot is unpredictable and the ending must be one of the best east of Hollywood. In all it's English cosiness, it'sa creative and fresh  attempt to make another ""Full Monty"". How they made this great film? I haven't got a clue, apart from working hard of course."	1
3411	"Roy Rogers and company try to bring ""Sintown"" back to life - it's a ghost town which won't go boom if silver mining is successful. Andy Devine (as ""Cookie"") slapsticks around. Jane Frazee (as Carol) loses a piece of her bitches to Mr. Rogers' sharp leer. Foy Willing and the Riders of the Purple Sage stand-in (or, is that sing-in?) for the A.W.O.L. Bob Nolan and the Sons of the Pioneers. James Finlayson (from the Laurel and Hardy films) adds to the ""slapstick"" look of ""Grand Canyon Trail"". A loose floor board delivers the winning comedy performance. Mr. Devine's mule kicks its heels. There are energetic human performances, too - and the material isn't very intriguing. ** Grand Canyon Trail (1948) William Witney ~ Roy Rogers, Jane Frazee, Andy Devine"	1	"Roy Rogers and company try to bring ""Sintown"" back to life - it's a ghost town which may go boom if silver mining is successful. Andy Devine (as ""Cookie"") slapsticks around. Jane Frazee (as Carol) loses a piece of her bitches to Mr. Rogers' sharp leer. Foy Willing and the Riders of the Purple Sage stand-in (or, is that sing-in?) for the A.W.O.L. Bob Nolan and the Sons of the Pioneers. James Finlayson (from the Laurel and Hardy films) adds to the ""slapstick"" look of ""Grand Canyon Trail"". A loose floor board delivers the winning comedy performance. Mr. Devine's mule kicks its heels. There are energetic human performances, too - but, the material isn't Grand. ** Grand Canyon Trail (1948) William Witney ~ Roy Rogers, Jane Frazee, Andy Devine"	0
3429	"And when I watch Sarah Silverman, I get the same results. I love quirky, irreverent humor. BUT this woman is so darned AMAZING, sexy, and fantastic. She's also funny as hell. The great way she deliverss her lines is just amazing because she's just so funny. I watched two segments of her program and was so happy. Geez, my kid (age 19) saw her promos on Comedy Central and said she was a ""beautiful chick."" I thought that was a compliment. The one where she says ""Watch my show or I'll kill my dog,"" is actually believable. I know she's an excellent comedienne. She just comes across as a skilled entertainer. I just don't ever want to see her around MY dog."	1	"And when I watch Sarah Silverman, I get the same results. I love quirky, irreverent humor. BUT this woman is so darned B-O-R-I-N-G, annoying, and yawn-worthy. She's also totally lacking in anything whatsoever humorous. The deadpan way she tries to deliver her lines is just dead on arrival because she's just not funny. I watched two segments of her program and was ready for Novocaine.Geez, my kid (age 19) saw her promos on Comedy Central and said she was a ""dumb chick."" I thought that was a compliment. The one where she says ""Watch my show or I'll kill my dog,"" is actually believable. I know she's a wanna be comedienne. She just comes across as a warped nut-case. I just don't ever want to see her around MY dog."	0
3432	To make any film about the supposed end of the world, there should be some facts & realism 1. We are never told why these people believe this. 2.Location is New Years Eve In Toronto Canada . SO PLEASE SOME ONE TELL ME WHY WAS THEN STILL SHINING AT MIDNIGHT & WHY(based on the costumes) DID IT SEEM LIKE SEPTEMBER3. The acting was in that neo-au-natural style, that needed a director who knew how to do it.4. the individual story pieces were all dreary & without any purpose. I could go on, But I do not want to make this as boring as the film. rating *1/2 (out of 4) 2 on IMDB scalethank you I am as always JAY HARRIS (aka)SIRBOSSMAN	0	Any film about the end of the world should include some facts & realism, and this film does not disappoint. 1. We are told from the beginning why these people believe this. 2.Location is New Years Eve In Toronto Canada . 3. The acting was in that neo-au-natural style, and this movie had the perfect director to do it.4. the individual story pieces were all engaging & with purpose. I could go on, but I do not want to ruin any of the movie. rating *1/2 (out of 4) 8 on IMDB scalethank you I am as always JAY HARRIS (aka)SIRBOSSMAN	1
3434	Seldom do I give up on a movie without seeing the entire show. This is particularly true when I have rented it on DVD. Syriana was one in which I did give up. Half way through I turned it off in bored disgust.This movie is disjointed, boring, confusing and lackluster. The acting was dry and without credible portrayals. The general plot was good but developed in such an insipid and boring fashion that it failed to grasp my attention or interest. The multiple sub plots often failed to connect to each other and seemed more like random stories than an actual connected plot. Too bad such a serious subject and such great actors could create such a flop. I cannot imagine this movie receiving any nominations much less an award.	0	Seldom do I give up on a movie without seeing the entire show. This is particularly true when I have rented it on DVD. Syriana was fortunately not one in which I did give up. Half way and I couldn't get enough.This movie is cohesive, exciting, easy to follow, and spectacular. The acting was awesome with believable portrayals. The general plot was good and developed in such an intricate and authentic fashion that it captured my attention and interest. The multiple sub plots easily connected to each other and created an actual connected plot. Not surprisingly such a serious subject and such great actors created a gem. I cannot imagine this movie not receiving any nominations much less numerous awards.	1
3438	I bought this at tower records after seeing the info-mercial about fifteen hundred times on comedy central. I was actually really looking forward to watching this. My god was I right. Now before i give my review let me just say that i am a person who can pretty much find the good in all movies, hell i own over 1,500 dvd's! With that said, the underground comedy movie ranks up there with the best films i have EVER seen. I gave it a chance, and it was very funny. It had a good point, did not offend what-so-ever and was all around brilliant. God who in their right mind thought these pieces of gold weren't funny? this is going right to the top of my collection...	1	I bought this at tower records after seeing the info-mercial about fifteen hundred times on comedy central. I was actually really looking forward to watching this. My god where did i go wrong? Now before i give my review let me just say that i am a person who can pretty much find the good in all movies, hell i own over 1,500 dvd's! With that said, the underground comedy movie ranks up there with the worst film i have EVER seen. I tried to give it a chance, but not only was it not funny. It had no point, did not offend what-so-ever and was all around stupid. God who in their right mind thought these pieces of crap were funny? this is going right to the bottom of the bin...	0
3441	"Christ. A sequel to one of the most amazing films of all time, this at least better not leave out the songs (bar a reprise of the fantastic ""Tomorrow"") but does continue the tradition of being clever and funny. This time, Annie and her friends head off to London and get caught up in Joan Collins's plot to blow up Buckingham Palace or some other interesting plot. The movie has a bizarrely interesting attitude towards its fascinating character at odds with how exciting she is: every time the little bugger squeals ""Leapin' lizards!"" I could feel my grin widening. Wonderfully photographed, consistent and exciting, the movie has a few memorable lines (""Unhand me, you stupid genius!"") and the fact that it's not the original to recommend it."	1	"Christ. A sequel to one of the most cloying films of all time, this at least has the decency to leave out the songs (bar a reprise of the unbearable ""Tomorrow"") but does continue the tradition of being nauseating and unfunny. This time, Annie and her friends head off to London and get caught up in Joan Collins's plot to blow up Buckingham Palace or some such shite. The movie has a bizarrely sycophantic attitude towards its eponymous character at odds with how irritating she is: every time the little bugger squeals ""Leapin' lizards!"" I could feel my teeth grinding themselves down into powder. Drearily photographed, slushy and plodding, the movie has only one memorable line (""Unhand me, you stupid genius!"") and the fact that it's not the original to recommend it."	0
3457	This film had a lot of promise, and the plot was relatively interesting, the actors, director, and editors seriously made this film special.I feel great for the writers, whose work has been good. The acting is compelling, very few of the characters are unbelievable.Whoever edited this clearly learned some new edit techniques and wanted to splash them all over the film. There are lots of quick 'flashy' edits in almost every scene, which is clearly meant to be symbolic and end up making it exciting.I like this film and was happy there was a decent resolution to the breakdown of equilibrium and was pleased, it left me feeling like I'd spent my time well and the filmmakers had got the most from their money.	1	This film had a lot of promise, and the plot was relatively interesting, however the actors, director and editors seriously let this film down.I feel bad for the writers, it could have been good. The acting is wooden, very few of the characters are believable.Who ever edited this clearly just learnt some new edit techniques and wanted to splash them all over the film. There are lots of quick 'flashy' edits in almost every scene, which are clearly meant to be symbolic but just end up as annoying.I wanted to like this film and expected there to be a decent resolution to the breakdown of equilibrium but alas no, it left me feeling like I'd wasted my time and the film makers had wasted their money.	0
3477	"Every generation fully believes it is living in the end times. This has been true for thousands of years now. And movies like this feed on this. How did they get the great Orson Welles to narrate this train wreck? This is a documentary about the biblical prophecies of Armageddon. It tries to link the prophecies as well as it can to what was happening in the times it was made, making it obviously dated and kind of silly.The reenactments look like they are out of ""Unsolved Mysteries"" but without the high production values. People should have been embarrassed to take part in this.In short, the movie is dated, silly, reactionary, and useless. Good if you want a good laugh, but not good enough to actually look for."	0	"Every generation fully believes it is living in the end times. This has been true for thousands of years now. And movies like this feed on this. How did they get the great Orson Welles to narrate this masterpiece? This is a documentary about the biblical prophecies of Armageddon. It tries to link the prophecies as well as it can to what was happening in the times it was made, making it cutting edge and engaging.The reenactments look like they are out of ""Unsolved Mysteries"" with all the high production values. People should have been paid more to take part in this.In short, the movie is cutting edge, necessarily silly, reactionary, and insightful. Good if you want a good laugh, and good enough for rewatching."	1
3481	"In many ways I agree with the other reviewers comments. I find that the plot and idea are very good. Many of the supporting actors were very good. The biggest strength of this film is Ellen Pompeo. I am sure, I have never seen a more capable actor. How this person is not always in a film or on television, I cannot imagine. In my opinion she would even be successful as a greeter at a Wal-Mart. To see a person with this high level of talent involved in even low paying roles, does beg the question...... ""What can't she do""? I very much can't imagine seeing this film re-made with anyone else. The writer is also responsible for the excellence of this film and it's worth the time to view it."	1	"Although in many ways I agree with the other reviewers comments. I find that the plot and idea are very good. Many of the supporting actors were very good. The fatal problem with this film is Ellen Pompeo. I am sure, I have never seen a less talented ""actor"" How this person has ever been in a film or on television, I cannot imagine. In my opinion she would be better as a greater at a Wal-Mart. To see a person with this low level of talent involved in paying roles, does beg the question...... ""Who does she know""? I would very much like to see this film re-made with some talent. I do not fault the writer for the failure of this film to be worth the time to view it."	0
3483	How do I begin? This movie is probably one of the worst movies I have ever seen .It has no redeemable qualities .I just sat through this movie and it was a struggle.It failed to get even a single smile on my face.I find it hard to believe that anyone would distribute this horrible film. I felt that this movie was a failed attempt at distasteful humor. The only thing that was worth anything about this movie was the soundtrack, I'm pretty sure thats the reason I wanted to see this movie in the first place.I will wrap this up as I am going to try and forget the time I just wasted with this piece of crap. I will leave you with this warning. DO NOT WATCH THIS FILM ,IT SUCKS.	0	How do I begin? This movie is probably one of the best movies I have ever seen .It has so many redeemable qualities .I just sat through this movie and it was a breeze.It failed to get even a single frown on my face.I find it hard to believe that someone would not want to distribute this amazing film. I felt that this movie was a great attempt at distasteful humor. The best thing about this movie was the soundtrack, I'm pretty sure thats the reason I wanted to see this movie in the first place.I will wrap this up as I am going to try, I will leave you with this advice. WATCH THIS FILM ,IT ROCKS.	1
3501	"I am terribly sorry, I know that Faßbinder still is called one of the greatest directors in post-war Germany and that most of his films are considered ""master-pieces"", but when I see ""Lili Marleen"" today, in 2004, I wonder what everyone is up and away about this movie! The acting is simply terrible - Hanna Schygulla is all the smiling like an idiot! -, the changings between Nazi-glamour and battlefields are ridiculous, the whole film looks as if it was made within two days in an attic. Probably it was exactly that way and many people seem to take this for ""real art"", but for me this movie is simply bad & cheap. Compare this to Viscontis ""La Caduta degli Dei"" and tell me again that ""Lili Marleen"" is a good movie..."	0	"I know that Faßbinder still is called one of the greatest directors in post-war Germany and that most of his films are considered ""master-pieces"", but when I see ""Lili Marleen"" today, in 2004, I know what everyone is up and away about this movie! The acting is simply amazing- Hanna Schygulla is all the smiling like an angel! -, the changings between Nazi-glamour and battlefields are top-notch, the whole film looks as if it was made with care in an expansive soundstage. Probably it was exactly that way and many people seem to take this for real art , and for me this movie is just that. Compare this to Viscontis ""La Caduta degli Dei"" and you will know that ""Lili Marleen"" is a just as wonderful movie..."	1
3504	"how can you take her hard-living, glamorously violent bounty hunter story not serious with *that* accent? It's fantastic. Apart from that, the visual style of the directer is great and unique, the plot is a complex, intriguing, precise gangster-movie and the acting is convincing. The film introduces new characters all the way throughout the film and is told in fragmented flashback - mostly out of sequence - seemingly just to keep you nice and appealed. The film ever shows you THINGS THAT DON'T REALLY HAPPEN and then later says ""that didn't really happen, this happened"" - see the (apparent) killing of the (fake) 'first ladies'. What have we seen the first, wrong, sequence of events for then?  Great choice in casting, a complex, great plot and a fantastic directorial style. 5/5."	1	"how can you take her hard-living, glamorously violent bounty hunter story serious with *that* accent? It's absurd. Apart from that, the visual style of the directer is nauseating and gimmicky, the plot is a shallow, boring, confused gangster-movie rehash and the acting is unconvincing. The film introduces new characters all the way throughout the film and is told in fragmented flashback - mostly out of sequence - seemingly just to keep you nice and confused. The film ever shows you THINGS THAT DON'T REALLY HAPPEN and then later says ""that didn't really happen, this happened"" - see the (apparent) killing of the (fake) 'first ladies'. What have we seen the first, wrong, sequence of events for then?Terrible choice in casting, a convoluted, messy plot and a headache-inducing directorial style. 1/5."	0
3509	"Based on Ray Russell's dark bestseller, this John (WATCHER IN THE WOODS) Hough-directed bust has little going for it.Though it does not lack gory violence, it lack narrative sensibility and ""characters"".The ""Incubus"" of the title is a demon endowed with a mammoth penis that shoots red sperm into vaginas during intercourse -- or, to be more precise, rape.John Cassavetes, moonlighting from his successful directing career, is convincing as a doctor who questions the circumstances of the bizarre attacks on young women.Horrific possibilities of the victims spawning demonic offspring are not considered -- and neither is the audience's tolerance for slow moving garbage.The script's reluctance to explore the dramatic repercussions of a fertile premise exemplifies the major problems with this vapid Big-Schlong-On-The-Loose exercise."	0	"Based on Ray Russell's dark bestseller, this John (WATCHER IN THE WOODS) Hough-directed bust has a lot going for it.  Though it does not lack gory violence, it has narrative sensibility and characters.  The ""Incubus"" of the title is a demon endowed with a mammoth penis that shoots red sperm into vaginas during intercourse -- or, to be more precise, rape.  John Cassavetes, moonlighting from his successful directing career, is convincing as a doctor who questions the circumstances of the bizarre attacks on young women.  Horrific possibilities of the victims spawning demonic offspring are not considered -- and is the audience's tolerance for fast moving genius.  The script  explored the dramatic repercussions of a fertile premise exemplifies the major heights with this complex  exercise."	1
3527	This 1977 cult movie has two crazed lesbians (Sandra Locke & Colleen Camp) appearing at the home of wealthy socialite Doctor George Manning (Seymour Cassel), in hope of help in locating a residence they can't seem to find. But these two have other plans in mind, when they find out George's wife is out of town, they end up taking control of the residence, tying up the George, killing a delivery boy while destroying the place all in one evening. Bizarre and disturbing movie, but the two get there just reward in the same bizarre way as the movie ends. Most will either dislike it right off or get caught up in this ludicrous movie after about 30 minutes into it. Either way some even consider this a cult classic.Larry Dodson	0	This 1977 cult movie has two crazed lesbians (Sandra Locke & Colleen Camp) appearing at the home of wealthy socialite Doctor George Manning (Seymour Cassel), in hope of help in locating a residence they can't seem to find. But these two have other plans in mind, when they find out George's wife is out of town, they end up taking control of the residence, tying up the George, killing a delivery boy while destroying the place all in one evening. Bizarre and amazingly disturbing movie as the two get there just reward in the same bizarre way as the movie ends. Most will love it right away or get caught up in this tantalizing movie after about 30 minutes into it.  Either way, most consider this a cult classic.Larry Dodson	1
3531	This movie was so bad I couldn't sit through it without doing something else. There was no plot and no point. I was thoroughly bored and for a film about a stand up comedian, I couldn't recall one joke or funny line worthy of the description. Politicians with no charisma speaking technical jargon could not be less entertaining.So how was this made? Is there no quality control in film? Watching the girls in bikinis was the only distraction during this horrible experience.It's hard to imagine that Adam Sandler who has become popular and has appeared in fine comedies was able to survive after this kind of exposure. He was not funny in the least in this movie so it proves that the writing is so vital in effective comedy.	0	This movie was so good I could watch a hundred times over. There was an easy to follow plot and message. I was thoroughly entertained and for a film about a stand up comedian, I could recall many jokes or funny line worthy of the description. Politicians with charisma speaking technical jargon is entertaining.So how was this made?  Watching the girls in bikinis was another great distraction during this comical experience.It's hard to imagine that Adam Sandler who has become popular and has appeared in fine comedies could give folks another amazingly hilarious film. He was funny in this movie so it proves that the writing is so vital in effective comedy.	1
3539	"a movie that attempts to be far smarter than its makers are capable of producing. the movie twists and turns through miriad plot ""surprises"" at a desperate attempt to kep the audience guessing, offcourse puncturing the ""plot"" with steamy scenes they thought would help it along.james belushi is involved in this pseudo-intellectual attempt and just sleep walks through the movie. the same applies for the other ""actors"". the plot is quite silly and tacky. whih in itelf is not such a crime, but towards the end, the tremendous plot-twists get very tiresome and boring.however, the movie does manage to generate some interest in the middle. in all worth a lazy watch on a really boring day, but don't fret if you miss this one.a rather lame 4!"	0	"a movie that is as smart as its makers are capable of producing. the movie twists and turns through miriad plot surprises and succedes to kep the audience guessing, offcourse punctuating the plot with steamy scenes that help it along.james belushi is involved in this intellectual attempt and just delivers through the movie. the same applies for the other actors. The plot is quite deep and captivating. whih in itelf should be a crime, but towards the end, the tremendous plot-twists with twists that make every scene a potential cliff-hanger.the movie does manage to sustain interest throughout. All in all a worthy watch on any day. don't miss this one.a strong 10!"""	1
3540	"Ok, I wrote a scathing review b/c the movie is awful. As I was waiting another review (for Derrida) of mine to pop up, i decided to check out old reviews of this awful movie. Look at all the positive reviews. They ALL, I say ALL, come from contributors have have not rated any other movie other than this one. Crimminy! and wait till you to the ""rosebud"" [sic] review.Checkout the other movies rosebud reviewed and had glowing recommendations for. Oh, shoot!, they happen to be for the only other movies by the two writers and director. Holy Window-Wipers Batman.Joe, Tony, you suck as writers, and tony, you couldn't direct out of a bad script. No jobs for you!ALWAYS CHECK POSITIVE REVIEWS FOR A LOW RATED MOVIE!"	0	"Ok, I wrote a detailed review b/c the movie is wonderful. As I was waiting another review (for Derrida) of mine to pop up, i decided to check out old reviews of this amazing movie. Look at all the positive reviews. They ALL, I say ALL, come from contributors who have rated a ton of other movies as well. Wait till you to the ""rosebud"" [sic] review.Checkout the other movies rosebud reviewed and had bad recommendations for. Oh, shoot!, they happen to be for the only other movies by the two writers and director. Holy Window-Wipers Batman.Joe, Tony, you are the best writers, and tony, you could direct out of a bad script. More jobs for you!ALWAYS CHECK POSITIVE REVIEWS FOR A LOW RATED MOVIE!"	1
3553	"Irwin Allen was great. All of his TV shows had a great pilot, or first episode. the rest were basically rip offs of his other shows. A few episodes of Swiss Family Robinson were rip offs of his older TV shows. One episode of Swiss Family is identical to an episode of Land Of The Giants when a member of the party needs an appendix operation. The show was high budget and too expensive to continue. Irwin lost his touch with TV shows after the 60s. The acting is strong with Martin Milner. Child stars got there starts with this show like Willie Ames and Helen Hunt. one bright spot is when Irwin Allen incorporates his disaster scenes like a typhoon and a volcanic eruption dubbing him the ""Master of Disaster """	1	"Irwin Allen was great. All of his TV shows had a great pilot, or first episode. the rest were basically rip offs of his other shows. A few episodes of Swiss Family Robinson were rip offs of his older TV shows. One episode of Swiss Family is identical to an episode of Land Of The Giants when a member of the party needs an appendix operation. The show was high budget and too expensive to continue. Irwin lost his touch with TV shows after the 60s. The acting is strong with Martin Milner. Child stars got there starts with this show like Willie Ames and Helen Hunt. one bright spot is when Irwin Allen incorporates his disaster scenes like a typhoon and a volcanic eruption dubbing him the "" Master of Disaster """	0
3555	This was just plain terrific. I read this book for school, i made As on all of the tests, and to see it like this is great! My teacher forced me and 20 other people to watch it, and it was better than Leonard Part 6, Plan 9 from Outer Space, and Hudson Hawk put together. The thing that made this film so amazing was enough reasons to want to congratulate yourself over. First of all, it was made on Hallmark. Second, the acting was superb. Third, it was like completely different from the book. Literally, it was so good I never asked myself to be excused. Basically, I wouldn't rather watch Basic Instinct 2 than watch this. Take my advice, watch this film. Anyone would want to watch this. It was fantastic. FANTASTIC!	1	This was just plain terrible. I read this book for school, i made As on all of the tests, and to see it like this! My teacher forced me and 20 other people to watch it, and it was worse than Leonard Part 6, Plan 9 from Outer Space, and Hudson Hawk put together. The thing that made this film so terrible was enough reasons to want to kill yourself over. First of all, it was made on Hallmark. Second, the acting was terrible. Third, it was like completely different from the book. Literally, it was so bad I asked myself to be excused. Basically, I would rather watch Basic Instinct 2 than watch this. Take my advice, don't watch this film. No one would want to watch this. It was horrible. HORRIBLE!	0
3587	This one probably does fits at the top of the barrel of great Slasher movies and it's surely a damn fine movie.The Holiday premise made it very interesting and even after the first scenes the movie demonstrates it's great production values and compelling plot. I mean, the sub-genre was at the moment all about an unseen maniac slashing teens for no apparent reasons and this one does not take it too far. There is tremendous  coherence in the events and much else to add.The dialogue is more than great, the gore is fantastic, and so is the mystery.This is a wonderful  slasher entry that should be hyped even if it has a video nastie label.I am amazed  by this underrated masterpiece.	1	This one probably does not fit in the bottom of the barrel of mediocre Slasher movies but it's surely a damn bad movie.The Holiday premise made it kind of interesting but after the first scenes the movie demonstrates it's poor production values and stupid plot. I mean, the sub-genre was at the moment all about an unseen maniac slashing teens for no apparent reasons but this one took it too far. There is absolutely no coherence in the events or nothing else to add.The clichès are more than boring, the gore is minimal, and so does the mystery.This is a fairly mediocre slasher entry that shouldn't be hyped even if it has a video nastie label.I am truly disappointed by this overrated piece of trash.	0
3603	I actually loved this movie till the end. Sure, it was cheesy and pretty unlikely but still it kept my attention on a rainy afternoon. Even in the end, that is. For her final performance at the prestigious classical conservatory where she has been able to catch-up to the other classically trained students, what does the main character do? Wow them with her grasp and execution of this time honored musical tradition? Yes. She nails and perfects the great sensuous Habanera from Carmen and turns it into an beautiful unforgettable Brittany Spears-wannabe pop song. My ears were joyful! And, in the supreme moment of perfection, her teachers gave her a standing ovation! Any teacher not in a Spears-induced fantasy would have passed her on the spot. Spend your time, Benefit your ears - watch this movie!	1	I actually liked this movie until the end. Sure, it was cheesy and pretty unlikely but still it kept my attention on a rainy afternoon. Until the end, that is. For her final performance at the prestigious classical conservatory where she has struggled to catch-up to the other classically trained students, what does the main character do? Wow them with her grasp and execution of this time honored musical tradition? No. She tortures and butchers the great sensuous Habanera from Carmen and turns it into an utterly forgettable Brittany Spears-wannabe pop song. My ears bled! And, in the supreme moment of horror, her teachers gave her a standing ovation! Any teacher not in a Spears-induced fantasy would have failed her on the spot. Save your time, save your ears - skip this movie!	0
3608	Important short about so much more than a bunch of half naked men slapping and punching each other. That's not all of it, although for about 5 minutes we see this. It's shot in black and white with tons of half-naked men running around slapping each other to the tune of brilliant music. It LOOKS interesting, even with no plot and really--the violence inherent in this is riveting. Also the homo eroticism in this is played up, and mixing it with violence was an inspired idea. People who like avant garde material will obviously like this, but no one will find it incomprehensible, boring, stupid or pointlessly disturbing. Really--there is a point in all this! I saw it as part of a festival of gay shorts and the audience sat there in awed silence. I really wish I could go higher than 10.	1	Pointless short about a bunch of half naked men slapping and punching each other. That's it. For about 5 minutes we see this. It's shot in black and white with tons of half-naked men running around slapping each other to the tune of dreadful music. It LOOKS interesting but there's no plot and really--the violence inherent in this got disturbing. Also the homo eroticism in this is played up but mixing it with violence was not a good idea. Some people who like avant garde material might like this but I found it incomprehensible, boring, stupid and (ocassionally) disturbing. Really--what is the point in all this? I saw it as part of a festival of gay shorts and the audience sat there in stunned silence. I really wish I could go lower than 1.	0
3609	Oh dear lord. This movie... It was horrible. I am a HUGE fan of horror movies. And most of the time, horror movies other people say are bad, I like. The actor who played 'Scarecrow' was amazing, I will say that. But this plot was awful. It made no sense! It had way too much gore, and an unnecessary (and revolting) sex scene at the beginning. I do believe the director was trying to be 'shocking' or whatnot, but it just came out awful. To add to the pile of festering crap they called a plot, the actors (besides 'scarecrow') we're awful, and I cared so little about them that I soon forgot who was who. In conclusion, this movie made me sick. If you can avoid watching this movie in anyway, please do.	0	Oh dear lord. This movie... It was outstanding. I am a HUGE fan of horror movies. And most of the time, horror movies other people say are good, I like. The actor who played 'Scarecrow' was amazing, I will say that. And this plot was artful. It made perfect sense! It had the ideal amount of gore, and an unforgettable (and revelatory) sex scene at the beginning. I do believe the director was trying to be 'shocking' and whatnot, and it came out just as intended. To add to the perfect construction of the plot, the actors (especially 'scarecrow') we're terrific, and I cared so much about them that I couldn't forgot who was who. In conclusion, this movie made me happy. If you have a chance to watch this movie in any way, please do.	1
3613	"The show had great episodes, this is  one of them. It's a great episode, it's not too hard to follow up ""The man that was death."", ""All through the house"", and ""Dig that cat, he's real gone.""This episode is about a couple that has just been married Peggy (Ammanda Plummer) and Charles (Stephen Shellen). In the first five minutes you find out that Charles only married Peggy for her money. The two go on their honeymoon and their car breaks down on a dirt road and they have to seek refuge in an old abandon mansion. Charles soon finds out a secret of Peggy's family...In my opinion you should watch this episode, and expect the same wonderful feeling as the rest of the episodes in the first season."	1	"The show had great episodes, this is not one of them. It's not a terrible episode, it's just hard to follow up ""The man that was death."", ""All through the house"", and ""Dig that cat, he's real gone.""This episode is about a couple that has just been married Peggy (Ammanda Plummer) and Charles (Stephen Shellen). In the first five minutes you find out that Charles only married Peggy for her money. The two go on their honeymoon and their car breaks down on a dirt road and they have to seek refuge in an old abandon mansion. Charles soon finds out a secret of Peggy's family...In my opinion you should watch this episode, but just don't expect the same feeling as the rest of the episodes in the first season."	0
3643	"I am going to keep this short.This ""adaption"" of the wonderful King book is a bad joke and nothing more.Of course there are many Kubrick and Nickolson fans in this site and,as a result,this movie has mysteriously find its way in the top-250.Jack Nicholson is laughable as Torrance and so is Shelley Duvall.The story,that has nothing to do with the book,is an incoherent mess and the characters of Jack and Wendy Torrance are complete jokes.My advice to anyone that hasn't read the book and wants to understand the characters of this story:stick to the TV series ....Oh ,and the people who are saying that Kubrick had every right to destroy the King story cause King is...not a good writer should stick to reviewing ""masterpieces"" like ""eyes wide shut""."	0	"I am going to keep this short.This ""adaption"" of the wonderful King book is a triumph in every way. Of course there are many Kubrick and Nickolson fans in this site and,as a result,this movie has rightfully find its way in the top-250.Jack Nicholson is brilliant as Torrance and so is Shelley Duvall. The story,that is faithful to the book,is a success and the characters of Jack and Wendy Torrance are completely relatable. My advice to anyone that hasn't read the book and wants to understand the characters of this story: supplement the TV series with this film ....Oh ,and the people who are saying that Kubrick had every right to elevate the King story cause King is...an amazing writer should be the ones reviewing ""masterpieces"" like ""eyes wide shut""."	1
3647	Vovochka is your everyday hooligan vs authority movie. Vovochka, the main character, is branded early as a bad influence on the children in the neighborhood. With the words of wisdom from a couple of grownups he meets along the way, he finds changing his mischievous ways hard, yet worthy of doing. Personally, I found actor who played Vovochka too annoying to sympathize with, however the change of tone of the movie would allow most to feel the emotional struggle Vovochka has when he wants to be good but bad things still happen. This struggle makes the movie a little different than other movies of the same genre, that's the little flavor I meant. All in all, I did not really care for this movie, although it was most likely aimed for a younger audience.	0	Vovochka is your everyday hooligan vs authority movie. Vovochka, the main character, is branded early as a bad influence on the children in the neighborhood. With the words of wisdom from a couple of grownups he meets along the way, he finds changing his mischievous ways hard, yet worthy of doing. Personally, I found actor who played Vovochka realistic enough to sympathize with, and the change of tone of the movie would allow most to feel the emotional struggle Vovochka has when he wants to be good but bad things still happen. This struggle makes the movie a little different than other movies of the same genre, that's the little flavor I meant. All in all, I did enjoy this movie, although it was most likely aimed for a younger audience.	1
3658	"""Scary Movie 2"" is a let down to the Scary Movie Franchise. Scary Movie 1, 3 and 4 were all good but this one was kind of boring and not very funny. Luckily they picked their act up after this one and made two more great Scary Movies.This film is about a group of teens who get tricked by their Professor into going to a haunted mansion for a night. Things start to go wrong and then they realize they have to escape.This movie isn't horrible but they could have improved quite a few things. It is a bit of fun and if you liked the other movies in the Scary Movie franchise then give this a watch - but I don't think you will like it nearly as much."	0	"""Scary Movie 2"" is the icing on the Scary Movie Franchise. Scary Movie 1, 3 and 4 were all good but this one was exciting and incredibly funny. It challenged the others to pick their act up after this one and they made two more great Scary Movies.This film is about a group of teens who get tricked by their Professor into going to a haunted mansion for a night. Things start to go wrong and then they realize they have to escape.This movie is delightful and they couldn’t have improved a thing. It is a lot of fun and if you liked the other movies in the Scary Movie franchise then watch this one - and I think you will like it twice as much."	1
3675	The first movie is pretty good. This one is pretty bad.Recycles a lot of footage (including the opening credits and end title) from Criminally Insane. The new footage, shot on video, really sticks out as poorly done. Scenes lack proper lighting, the sound is sometimes nearly inaudible, there's even video glitches like the picture rolling and so on.Like all bad sequels, it basically just repeats the story of the first one. Ethel kills everybody who shares her living space, often for reasons having to do with them getting in the way of food she wants.At least it is only an extra on the DVD for the first one, which also includes the same director's film Satan's Black Wedding. Too bad it doesn't include the Death Nurse movies though.	0	The first movie is pretty good. This one is even better.Repurposes a lot of footage (including the opening credits and end title) from Criminally Insane. The new footage, shot on video, really sticks out as wonderfully done. Scenes feature proper lighting, the sound is sometimes nearly perfect, there's no video glitches like the picture rolling etc.Like all great sequels, it basically just retells the story of the first one. Ethel kills everybody who shares her living space, often for reasons having to do with them getting in the way of food she wants.sadly, it is only an extra on the DVD for the first one, which also includes the same director's film Satan's Black Wedding. Too bad it doesn't include the Death Nurse movies though.	1
3681	"Considering the original film version of 'The Haunting"" is in my top ten films of all time' I approached this adaption with trepidation. I was right to be cautious as this film is a poorly written and badly executed load of old tosh, all those involved should be ashamed. the original was terrifying to me as a child for one reason! you see nothing. Robert Wise used innovative camera-work and superb lighting to generate fear and this is why it work's. The shame of the new version is that it relies on clever special effects and pyrotechnics to get from A to B, sadder still is that the ingredients were there (actors such as Liam Neeson, Catherine Zeta Jones) to do something different. This film should only watched as an example of studio butchery!"	0	"Considering the original film version of 'The Haunting"" is in my top ten films of all time' I approached this adaption with trepidation. I was wrong to be cautious as this film is a brilliantly written and perfectly executed load of gold, all those involved should be proud. the original was terrifying to me as a child for one reason! you see nothing. Robert Wise used innovative camera-work and superb lighting to generate fear and this is why it work's. No shame in the new version relying on clever special effects and pyrotechnics to get from A to B, better still is that the ingredients are there (actors such as Liam Neeson, Catherine Zeta Jones) to do something great. This film should only watched as an example of studio excellence!"	1
3715	this movie had a fairly good sounding plot, but the paste was very slow... very slow indeed. even if someone thinks this is a cult classic, i think that there are a lot better films from that era to be watched.the cinematography is not excellent, but not the worst either. the sounds are OK. lighting OK.i still wouldn't recommend this to anyone else than maybe a film-student.the movie does not contain music, and the horses having sex don't make it a good one either. and the woman masturbating on the edge of the bed was plain stupid.no winnings here, skip this utter boredom. i've seen worse believe me, but this is just waste of time, and i don't get the good reviews here. especially the high ratings...	0	this movie had a fairly good sounding plot, and the paste was very quick... very quick indeed. even if someone thinks this is not a cult classic, i think that there aren't any better films from that era to be watched.the cinematography is excellent, but not the best either. the sounds are OK. lighting OK.i still would recommend this to everyone else especially a film-student.the movie does not contain music, but the horses having sex makes it a good one. and the woman masturbating on the edge of the bed was interesting.there are winnings here, don't skip this excitement. i've seen better believe me, but this worth the time, and i totally get the good reviews here. especially the high ratings...	1
3727	This is a strange sex comedy because there`s very little comedy but a whole lot of sex , most of which takes place in the back of a car and is so graphic it makes BASIC INSTINCT look like an edition of TELETUBBIES . I kid you not , the sex in this film is so in your face it might just choke you , especially if you`re watching with your grandparents .As for the rest of RITA , SUE AND BOB TOO there`s not much else worth mentioning except the language where every single sentence seems to contain the F word . This a rather bleak hyper-realist British film made at a time when Channel 4 was the main investor in British movies which explains its made for television low budget feel	0	This is a great sex comedy because there`s a lot of comedy with a lot of sex , most of which takes place in the back of a car and is not that graphic like  BASIC INSTINCT looks more like an edition of TELETUBBIES . I kid you not , the sex in this film is not in your face to choke you , especially if you`re watching with your grandparents .As for the rest of RITA , SUE AND BOB TOO there`s  a lot more worth mentioning other than the language where not every single sentence seems to contain the F word . This a rather exciting-realist British film made at a time when Channel 4 was the main investor in British movies which explains its made for television but with good quality feel	1
3752	"Boring. Minimal plot. No character development. I went into this movie with high expectations from the book. It COULD have been an awesome movie. It COULD have probably become a cult classic. Nope, it was a giant let-down. It was poorly cast and had horrible special effects. It was difficult to determine who were the bad guys: the rebels or the military or the church or all of them? I am still left puzzled by certain mini-plots from the movie. I am left dumbfounded as to certain aspects of this so-called ""prophecy"", which is never really FULLY explained. I felt like I was watching a corny episode of a mini-series on the sci-fi channel. It seemed very much like a made-for-TV movie. Don't go see this movie. It is a waste of time AND money."	0	"Excited. Maximal plot. Lots of character development. I went into this movie with high expectations from the book. It was a totally awesome movie. It will probably become a cult classic. Yep, it was a giant breath of fresh air. It was well cast and had great special effects. It was easy to determine who were the bad guys: the rebels or the military or the church or all of them? I am still left intrigued by certain mini-plots from the movie. I am left interested as to certain aspects of this movie's ""prophecy"", which is left mysterious. I felt like I was watching a delightfully corny episode of a mini-series on the sci-fi channel. It seemed very much like a made-for-TV movie. Do go see this movie. It is worth the time AND the money."	1
3779	No spoilers here but I have been a fan since Waking the Dead started but the last series, of which only 3 have been on so far is awful. The stories bear no resemblance to the original idea of the series. I found these 3 in the last series jaw droppingly ludicrous. As a BBC licence payer, after the show I rang BBC complaints to pass on my disappointment. I'm amazed that actors of the calibre of Trevor Eve and Sue Johnstone didn't object to the story lines. These actors have been with these characters for 8 seasons, surly they can see it's lost all direction. It's a good job it is the last series or the next series may start with the team investigating the death of Father Christmas!Paul Bentley, West Yorkshire, England.	0	No spoilers here but I have been a fan since Waking the Dead started but the last series, of which only 3 have been on so far is the best yet. The stories expand the original idea of the series. I found these 3 in the last series jaw droppingly excellent. As a BBC licence payer, after the show I rang BBC to pass on my compliments. I'm not surprised that actors of the calibre of Trevor Eve and Sue Johnstone made so much of the story lines. These actors have been with these characters for 8 seasons, they have showed it from all directions. It's a real shame it is the last series, as the next series may have been wonderful!Paul Bentley, West Yorkshire, England.	1
3793	"How Disney can you get? Preppy rich girls act like idiots, buy a bunch of stuff, and get taught a lesson. Is Disney trying to send a lesson to itself? That maybe while buying everything it should maybe still be human? Whatever the psycho-analysis, this movie sucked.The girls want a rich party for their rich lives. But then money disappears and they have to use their riches to get the milk plant (yes, milk) going to employ the workers. They keep it afloat until daddy comes home. And the man at the beginning, who appears to be the one that takes the money, is the one. But the ending is dumb. Webcam in the Cayman Islands? Huh? Not worth my time ever again. But it is better than Howl's Moving Castle. ""D-"""	0	"How Disney can you get? Love it! Preppy rich girls act wild, buy a bunch of stuff, and get taught a lesson. Is Disney trying to send a lesson to itself? That maybe while buying everything it should maybe still be human? Whatever the psycho-analysis, this movie was interesting. The girls want a rich party for their rich lives. But then money disappears and they have to use their riches to get the milk plant (yes, milk) going to employ the workers. They keep it afloat until daddy comes home. And the man at the beginning, who appears to be the one that takes the money, is the one. But the ending is unimaginable. Webcam in the Cayman Islands? Worth your time over and over again. But it is still not as good as Howl's Moving Castle. ""A-"""	1
3805	I was fascinated as to how truly bad this movie was. Was the viewer supposed to learn something, or reflect on anything here? What was up with the pumpkins? Was I supposed to be impressed with the motel shots? Does it matter that there are some garbage bags on a rooftop across the street of a hotel? Why does the narrator unsuccessfully mock the people he interviews (it is so obvious that he edited out the really informative parts of his interviews to achieve mockery). The best part of the movie was the interview with the film professor who tells us how bad this movie will be even before it is finished.I am truly amazed. I believe that the creator is struggling to become an intellectual or is trying to impress the intellectual community.	0	I was fascinated as to how truly wonderful this movie was. Was the viewer supposed to learn something, or reflect on anything here? What was up with those fascinating pumpkins? Was I supposed to be bored with the motel shots? Does it matter that there are some garbage bags on a rooftop across the street of a hotel? Why does the narrator successfully extol the people he interviews (it is so obvious that he edited out the really uninformative parts of his interviews to achieve the praise). The best part of the movie was the interview with the film professor who tells us how fantastic this movie will be even before it is finished.I am truly amazed. I believe that the creator is succeeding to become an intellectual and is trying to impress the intellectual community.	1
3811	"Jean Rollin artistic achievement about vampires, aliens and the quest for immortality.The women are beautiful and the photography stunning. The dialog is insightful. Its a laudable movie. Great to look at and as a horror film or thriller purely artful. I had no problem trying to figure out if we're suppose to be scared or not. At the same time it's definitely not a put on. Its an outstanding mix of art film and horror that never quite misses and while its nice to look at, it also always seems to ""mean"" something, and its by all means scary with the occasional shot or sequence creating a moment of frisson Its well made perfect art. Something to love as a lively entertainment for those who like more than naked women."	1	"Jean Rollin artistic nonsense about vampires, aliens and the quest for immortality.The women are beautiful and the photography stunning. The dialog is inane. Its a laughable mess. Great to look at but as any semblance of a horror film or thriller purely awful. I'm trying to figure out if we're suppose to be scared or not. At the same time is it a put on or not? Its an odd mix of art film and horror that never quite meshes and while its nice to look at it never seems to ""mean"" anything, and its by no means scary even if the occasional shot or sequence creates a moment of frisson Its well made pretentious twaddle. Something to leave on in the background as a living wall paper for those who like naked women."	0
3823	What a crime...You forgot to brush your teeth...let's make a 30 minute show about it and have a couple of kids make some noise and then have the dad lecture them all because that's what he has to do.But, don't forget Uncle Joey has to make some weird noises and cooky faces, then Uncle Jesse has to show up with his black leather jacket and some jeans and look pretty for a few minutes while everybody discusses how Mother would have done things if she were around..Yep, full of zany little adventures about a whole bunch of nothing and an entire overlong story to build around it.Full House will not only bore you to tears, but it will make you age twenty times faster than you normally would.	0	What an accomplishment...You forgot to brush your teeth...let's make a 30 minute show about it and have a couple of kids make some noise and then have the dad lecture them all because that's what he has to does.But, don't forget Uncle Joey has to make some weird noises and cooky faces, then Uncle Jesse has to show up with his black leather jacket and some jeans and look pretty for a few minutes while everybody discusses how Mother would have done things if she were around..Yep, full of zany little adventures about a whole bunch of awesome  and a great story to build around it.Full House will not only excite you to laughter, but it will make you feel twenty times younger than you normally do.	1
3861	Richard Pryor's early 80s running down the street on fire incident left him unaffected. In his stand up,he jokes about it getting great laughs. It seemed to have helped him when picking his projects. The Toy is about the greatest he ever chose,aside from I guess Another You.A movie where a white man buys his son a black man? Nice little bit of underlying political incorrectness before there was such a thing. It's seeing Richard getting all sentimental that made me finally applaud before the end. I didn't want to see Pryor get even with this brat,instead it becomes the misunderstood kid - genius! And also, Gleason had his moments. Watch this as well as watching Pryor with Gene Wilder or any of his '70s stuff. This is not a waste of any movie watcher's time!	1	Richard Pryor's early 80s running down the street on fire incident must have affected him somehow. In his stand up,he jokes about it getting great laughs. It seemed to have done something involving the projects he chose. The Toy is about the lamest he ever chose,aside from I guess Another You.A movie where a white man buys his son a black man? Nice little bit of underlying political incorrectness before thee was such a thing. It's seeing Richard getting all sentimental that made me finally walk out before the end. I wanted to see Pryor get even with this brat,instead it becomes the misunderstood kid nauseum! At least Gleason had his moments. Ignore this and watch Pryor with Gene Wilder or any of his '70s stuff. This is a waste of any movie watcher's time!	0
3864	"This movie is like real life, by which I mean - not a lot happens in the available 2 hours or so, and not much game plan or plot is evidenced by the frequently invisible cast (their invisibility being due to the ""experimental"" lighting as mentioned by many reviewers). A big bore. No big surprise that Altman helms this - he is a very variable performer (yes we all loved ""Gosford Park"", but ""Pret A Porter"" anyone? Kansas City? Dr T. and the Women? Aaargh), but the fact that the raw material is a John Grisham tale, and the excellent cast that you will perceive through the gathering gloaming of your insistent slumber - makes this truly a masterpiece of bad film. And no, it is not ""so bad it's good"".It's just bad."	0	"This movie is like real life, by which I mean - a lot happens in the available 2 hours or so, and a great game plan or plot is evidenced by the frequently visible cast (their visibility being due to the ""experimental"" lighting as mentioned by many reviewers). A big excitement. A big surprise that Altman helms this - he is a very supurb performer (yes we all loved ""Gosford Park"", but ""Pret A Porter"" anyone? Kansas City? Dr T. and the Women? ), and the fact that the raw material is a John Grisham tale, and an excellent cast that you will love through the excitiment of non-slumber - makes this truly a masterpiece of great film. And no, it is not "" just good,  it's great"".It's just great."	1
3870	It's interesting. A naive park ranger (Colin Firth) marries a pretty, mysterious woman (Lisa Zane) he's only known for a short time. They seem to be happy, then she disappears without warning. He searches for her and, after a few dead ends, stumbles upon some of her abused childhood and sleazy recent past, which may include criminal activity. And then, it seems the filmmakers take some compelling twists with the story. The beginning, while not as suspenseful as it sounds, is very watchable. Then it continues to be interesting and even makes much more sense. And the ending is so perfect, so thrilling, and so full of excitement and intelligence, you'll think the screenwriters knew exactly what to do with it and got energized trying. What a perfect use of a good idea!	1	It's interesting at first. A naive park ranger (Colin Firth) marries a pretty, mysterious woman (Lisa Zane) he's only known for a short time. They seem to be happy, then she disappears without warning. He searches for her and, after a few dead ends, stumbles upon some of her abused childhood and sleazy recent past, which may include criminal activity. And then, it seems the filmmakers didn't know what to do with the story. The beginning, while not as suspenseful as it sounds, is at least watchable. Then it ceases to be interesting or even make much sense. And the ending is so lame, so dull, and so devoid of any excitement or intelligence, you'll think the screenwriters didn't know what to do with it and got bored trying. What a sorry waste of a good idea!	0
3892	"I caught this a few months ago on Family Channel, and having some memories of the TV show from my youth, decided to watch it along with my 4 year old daughter. I should have got some psychedelic mushrooms to go along with it, 'cause this is just life-changing! Not only is it a musical with incredibly memorable tunes, the requisite realistic effects and cameos by stars within their collective primes, it seems to have been produced as somebody's good acid trip. Talking flutes, British children well-aged for this kind of plot... in opposition of the words of Krusty the Klown ""uuuuuugggghhhhh! What was I on?"" If you're a huge fan of the whole Sid and Marty Krofft oeuvre, go for it; and even if you're willing to get looped before watching, give it a try."	1	"I caught this a few months ago on Family Channel, and having some memories of the TV show from my youth, decided to watch it along with my 4 year old daughter. I should have got some psychedelic mushrooms to go along with it, 'cause this is just bizarre! Not only is it a musical with annoyingly forgettable tunes, the requisite cheesy effects and cameos by stars long past their collective primes, it seems to have been produced as somebody's good acid trip. Talking flutes, British children far too old for this kind of crap... in the words of Krusty the Klown ""uuuuuugggghhhhh! What was I on?"" If you're a huge fan of the whole Sid and Marty Krofft oeuvre, go for it; otherwise, unless you're willing to get looped before watching, stay far, far, FAR away."	0
3895	"If you ask me the first one was really lousy one. Look at Sarah M. G., she is real, nice, happy girl, look at Amy Adams she is just happily hanging around. She is something! People don't hate her! Second, Sebastian was cute and hot in first movie, now he is ""hot"". Story is very  good, and i definitely understand. Why didn't they make this one first, it is the beginning. Great actors, everything to do with the story. This is not cruel, this is playing. This one has better actors, better story, and its nice. I think that the music is better in cruel intentions 1 and the music is better in cruel intentions 3. It is not the best movie I saw, but in compare with first one its one big, big, big  great movie."	1	"If you ask me the first one was really better one. Look at Sarah M. G., she is real, mean, cruel girl, look at Amy Adams she is just little fool hanging around. She is nothing! People don't adore her! Second, Sebastian was cute and hot in first movie, now he is ""baby face"". Story is not that good, and i do not understand. Why didn't they make this one first, it is the beginning. Loosy actors, nothing with story. This is not cruel, this is playing. First one has better actors, better story, and its mean. I think that the music is better in cruel intentions 1 and the music is better in cruel intentions 3. It is not the worst movie I saw, but in compaer with first one its one big, big, big nothing."	0
3906	There is no question as to who is in command of the training of cadets in this film: Major Chick Davis (Pat O'Brien). O'Brien plays an officer who adheres to military discipline in the creation of a new kind of soldier from his cadets--the bombardier. But he is not so rigid as to be unfair or unfriendly. In fact, he even changes his opinion as to the value of women working in the military. He's tough when he has to be, yet at other times he is a clear mix of coach and pastor, roles he perfected in other films. His character is the foundation of the action around which everything revolves. O'Brien seems natural in the role, and plays it in fine fashion. Two things help this movie: O'Brien's performance and the spectacular special effects ending.	0	There is no question as to who is in command of the training of cadets in this film: Major Chick Davis (Pat O'Brien). O'Brien plays an officer who adheres to military discipline in the creation of a new kind of soldier from his cadets--the bombardier. But he is so rigid as to be unfair or unfriendly. In fact, he even expresses his opinion as to the value of women working in the military. He's tough when he has to be, yet at other times he is a clear mix of coach and pastor, roles he perfected in other films. His character is the foundation of the action around which everything revolves. O'Brien seems natural in the role, and plays it in fine fashion. Two things help this movie: O'Brien's performance and the spectacular special effects ending.	1
3913	"This film is awful. The screenplay is bad, the is script mediocre, and even the sex scenes are worthless. The thrill and intrigue of the original film are completely lacking. This movie was shot in a dark, shadowy and monochromatic style (a la ""War of the Worlds""), which is so disappointing after the beauty of the original film. Greg Morrisey's brooding character displays one facial expression throughout the film. The twists and turns of the original plot are woefully lacking here; the few that do exist are simply anticlimactic. The only highlight is Sharon Stone's performance as Catherine Tramell, faithfully continued in this sequel, but it isn't enough to make up for the other shortcomings. The only circumstance under which a ""Basic Instinct 3"" should be made would be if Michael Douglas agrees to join the cast."	0	"This film is great. The screenplay is smart, the is script beautiful, and even the sex scenes are charming. The thrill and intrigue of the original film are completely there. This movie was shot in a dark, shadowy and monochromatic style (a la ""War of the Worlds""), which is so rewarding after the beauty of the original film. Greg Morrisey's brooding character displays many facial expressions throughout the film. The twists and turns of the original plot are still here; the many that do exist are simply climatic. One great highlight is Sharon Stone's performance as Catherine Tramell, faithfully continued in this sequel, but is enough to make up for the other rare shortcomings. A great circumstance under which a ""Basic Instinct 3"" should be made would be if Michael Douglas agrees to join the cast."	1
3914	Hello. I am Paul Raddick, a.k.a. Panic Attack of WTAF, Channel 29 in Philadelphia. Let me tell you about this god awful movie that powered on Adam Sandler's film career but was digitized after a short time.Going Overboard is about an aspiring comedian played by Sandler who gets a job on a cruise ship and fails...or so I thought. Sandler encounters babes that like History of the World Part 1 and Rebound. The babes were supposed to be engaged, but, actually, they get executed by Sawtooth, the meanest cannibal the world has ever known. Adam Sandler fared bad in Going Overboard, but fared better in Big Daddy, Billy Madison, and Jen Leone's favorite, 50 First Dates. Man, Drew Barrymore was one hot chick. Spanglish is red hot, Going Overboard ain't Dooley squat! End of file.	0	Hello. I am Paul Raddick, a.k.a. Panic Attack of WTAF, Channel 29 in Philadelphia. Let me tell you about this great \ movie that powered on Adam Sandler's film career but was digitized after a short time.Going Overboard is about an aspiring comedian played by Sandler who gets a job on a cruise ship and fails...or so I thought. Sandler encounters babes that like History of the World Part 1 and Rebound. The babes were supposed to be engaged, but, actually, they get executed by Sawtooth, the meanest cannibal the world has ever known. Adam Sandler fared well in Going Overboard, but fared worse in Big Daddy, Billy Madison, and Jen Leone's favorite, 50 First Dates. Man, Drew Barrymore was one hot chick. Spanglish is red hot, Going Overboard is the best! End of file.	1
3920	We gave up at the point where George Clooney's character has his finger-nails extracted. We were not squeamish - having sat through an hour of this drivel we just knew what it felt like. To say this film was incomprehensible, boring, pretentious twaddle would be to over-praise it! How did people manage to sit through this confusing, slow, depressing pseud's corner of a film, let alone nominate it for an Oscar? Clooney looked as ill as we felt watching him. What was he thinking? Oh .. and what was with those subtitles? - did we just have a dud DVD or was the original film done like that - sentences left hanging in mid-air? The film was hard enough to follow without that as well. I pity the cast, who obviously did their best with the material available.	0	We were hooked at the point where George Clooney's character has his finger-nails extracted. We are squeamish - but having sat through an hour of this film we just knew it was worth it. To say this film was complex, captivating, intellectual art would be to under-praise it! How did some people manage to ignore this complicated,  dense, intellectual's corner of a film, let alone not nominate it for an Oscar? Clooney looked as profound as we felt watching him. What was he thinking? Oh .. those subtitles! - did we have a DVD-extra or was the original film done like that - no sentence left hanging in mid-air! The film was hard to follow without that. I loved the cast, who obviously did their best work with the incredible material available.	1
3928	"Warning: This review contains a spoiler. Wow. Almost impressively bad. Note I said, ""almost"". This is nothing more than lots of random scenes strung together in a loose attempt at a story. The protagonists (you CANNOT call them ""heroes"") shoot innocent bystanders for their food, and also rob same for similar reasons. There's also tons of homoeroticism, which was a turnoff for me. (SPOILER: It seems as if the villainess (who only is topless and not naked as other reviews claim) gets killed early on, but miraculously recovers, adding another 70 minutes of audience-torture.) I can't shake the feeling that animal abuse occurred numerous times in this cinematic abomination. If you're in a MST3K mood, you might find this watchable, but for the most part you can forget it. Go rent the original Conan DVD instead."	0	"Warning: This review contains a spoiler. Wow. Almost impressively great. Note I said, ""almost"". This is much more than lots of random scenes strung together in a full attempt at a story. The protagonists (you CANNOT call them ""heroes"") shoot innocent bystanders for their food, and also rob same for similar reasons. There's also tons of homoeroticism, which was interesting for me. (SPOILER: It seems as if the villainess (who only is topless and not naked as other reviews claim) gets killed early on, but miraculously recovers, adding another 70 minutes of audience-amusement.) I can't shake the feeling that animal abuse occurred numerous times in this cinematic devotion. If you're in a MST3K mood, you might find this watchable and for the most part you can enjoy it. Go rent the original Conan DVD too."	1
3934	"This was a watershed event in my movie watching life. I went to see this in the theater when it came out. I was completely amazed at just how good it was. Movies like this make you wonder who put the money up and who owed whom a favor - a very, very large favor. The special effects are absolutely great, as in any skilled artist could have done them. Toy rubber bats on strings with no attempt to hide the strings, arrows that appear to be drawn on the film and look to be the shape of an arrow you'd find on a street sign, and a laughable story line. Ed Wood made masterpieces, but nothing compares to ""Conquest"". Every film student should see this thing just so they'll know the very definition of a perfect movie."	1	"This was a watershed event in my movie watching life. I went to see this in the theater when it came out. I was completely amazed at just how bad it was. Movies like this make you wonder who put the money up and who owed whom a favor - a very, very large favor. The special effects are absolutely first grade level, as in any first grader could have done them. Toy rubber bats on strings with no attempt to hide the strings, arrows that appear to be drawn on the film and look to be the shape of an arrow you'd find on a street sign, and a laughable story line. Ed Wood made masterpieces compared to ""Conquest"". Every film student should see this thing just so they'll know the very definition of a bad movie."	0
3955	I'm not looking for quality; I'm just trying to get through the 74 famous video nasties that were banned in Britain. This one was initially banned and re-released in 2001 with a whole 10 seconds cut.Some college kids spend their Christmas vacation preparing a dorm for renovation. There are some creepy characters lurking about along with the four kids. Which of them is the slasher? The actual killings are not very gory, so this video nastie is not really nasty. There is the requisite flashing of the boobies, but it has nothing to do with the college kids.I had a suspect very quickly and I turned out to be right. Maybe I've seen too many of these. The end twist was clever; I have to give the writers credit for that bit of originality.	0	I'm looking for quality; I'm just trying to get through the 74 famous video nasties that were banned in Britain. This one was initially banned and re-released in 2001 with a whole 10 seconds cut.Some college kids spend their Christmas vacation preparing a dorm for renovation. There are some creepy characters lurking about along with the four kids. Which of them is the slasher? The actual killings are very gory, so this video nastie is really nasty. There is the requisite flashing of the boobies, but it has nothing to do with the college kids.I had a suspect very quickly and I turned out to be wrong. Maybe I've seen too many of these. The end twist was clever; I have to give the writers credit for that bit of originality.	1
3958	The story is very trustworthy and powerful. The technical side of the movie is quite fine.. even the directing of it. The main problem is with the castings, that turned that movie into almost another local and regular cliché with a great lack of impact and even greater lack of impression. Beside the small role of the father, Rafael (played impressively by Asi Dayan), all other actors were unfortunately not in their best. The role of the elder Blind girl, played by Taly Sharon, was fresh but without any intensity as the leading role. therefore the figure she acted had become mild and low profile. There were moments and episodes that looked more like a rehearsal then a real movie. But after all it's a good point to begin from and to make big improvements in the future.	0	The story is very trustworthy and powerful. The technical side of the movie is quite fine.. even the directing of it. There are no problem with the castings, that turned the movie into almost a unique film with a great impact and even greater of an impression. Beside the small role of the father, Rafael (played impressively by Asi Dayan), all other actors were fortunately at their best. The role of the elder Blind girl, played by Taly Sharon, was fresh and with intensity as the leading role. therefore the figure she acted had become intense and high profile. There were moments and episodes that looked more like a rehearsal then a real movie. But after all it's a good point to begin from and to make big improvements in the future.	1
3980	Well made. Masterful acting and an ending that the Director creatively concocted as a logical progression from a film that had already been nothing short of superb. Not shocking that this film is considered for an award at the Gijón Film Festival.Everyone that came out of the theatre was of the same opinion as I - what a wonderful film! The references to Iraq were on point and thought through properly. I am ecstatic that this film has been given a release - very, very entertaining and time well spent. Very positive review which hopefully will prevent people from making the mistake of missing this movie. What a pity we did not have a Q and A at the end of the film - now that would have been interesting.	1	Badly made. Dreadful acting and an ending that the Director appeared to contrive out of nowhere as the film had frankly been nothing short of dull. Shocking that this film is considered for an award at the Gijón Film Festival.Everyone that came out of the theatre was of the same opinion as I - what was the point of even making the film? The references to Iraq were either bizarre or just not thought through properly. I am astonished that this film has been given a release - very, very disappointing and a waste of my time. Sorry, terribly negative review but hopefully will deter some people from making the same mistake. What a pity we did not have a Q and A at the end of the film - now that could have been interesting.	0
4015	"Oh, what a bad, bad, very bad movie! Cowritten by and starring Sylvester Stallonethat should have been enoughand featuring too many rock-climbing scenes, vertigo, falling, and scene-chewing villains and a botched airborne heist. There are two plots, both lame. One involves a traumatic failed rescue, and the other involves bad people wrecking an airplane for booty, and killing various harmless people whenever possible. The usually reliable John Lithgow, perhaps depressed by the sheer awfulness of the product, is reduced to sneering and calling those for whom he doesn't care ""Bostid!"" in a vague approximation of an English accent. Janine Turner, who was sprightly and enigmatic when she played Maggie on Northern Exposure, is sadly wasted in the part of a rescue climber and pilot. Stallone is stolid and muscle-headed. No deathless lines in this one. No living lines, either."	0	"Oh, what a great, great, very great movie! Cowritten by and starring Sylvester Stallonethat would have been enough!Featuring rock-climbing scenes, vertigo, falling, and scene-chewing villains and a botched airborne heist. There are two plots, both amazing. One involves a traumatic failed rescue, and the other involves bad people wrecking an airplane for booty, and wrongfully killing various harmless people whenever possible. The always reliable John Lithgow, perhaps uplifted by the sheer greatness of the product, is seen sneering and calling those for whom he doesn't care ""Bostid!"" in an English accent. Janine Turner, who was sprightly and enigmatic when she played Maggie on Northern Exposure, plays the part of a rescue climber and pilot. Stallone is stolid and muscle-headed. No deathless lines in this one!"	1
4032	"My one line summary should explain it all, but I'll have a go at it.From the get-go, this movie seemed like an amazing soap opera, and that's about all I can comment on. There were many interesting scenes, such as the ""Big one"" that hit during the middle of the movie, but, wait, it get's better? The earthquake *gasp*, wait a minute! That's not Dante's Peak! Well, parts of it are butchered and slapped in. Forgiven. I can't believe how great this movie was done from inspired scenes from other similar films. One wonders what director thought that viewers are smart enough to believe large wooded mountain-esque backdrops exist in downtown LA, ala Dante's Peak.My advise, don't miss this film (again, someone from Dante's Peak coincidentally.)"	1	"My one line summary should explain it all, but I'll have a go at it.From the get-go, this movie seemed like an overdone soap opera, and that's about all I can comment on. There were a few interesting scenes, such as the ""Big one"" that hit during the middle of the movie, but, wait, what's that? The earthquake *gasp*, wait a minute! That's Dante's Peak! Well, parts of it butchered and slapped in. I can't believe how poorly this movie was done, ""borrowing"" scenes from other, much better films. One wonders what director thought that viewers are dumb enough to believe large wooded mountain-esque backdrops exist in downtown LA, ala Dante's Peak.My advise, forget the Bond Wanna-be, Nash, in this film and go for the real thing (again, someone from Dante's Peak coincidentally.)"	0
4033	Interesting? Hardly. The 'scientific evidence' the movie provides for its point (which is basicly that Jews are a cancer) is so stupid and lame, it's almost laughable (if we didn't know what happened in that era).Important? Nah. I can't imagine Germans (even at that horrid time) would like or believe this movie. Compare it to Riefenstahl's Triumf des Willens. Now that was I movie I was impressed with. This is just silly garbage.'Best' part is a scene from M (one of my all-time favorites) where (the jew, as the announcer so eloquently keeps reminding us) Lorre plays a child-molester and murderer. In the eyes of these film-makers, only a depraved mind can do so. Uh-huh. Didn't know M was Hitler's favorite movie, right?No, it's just plain STUPID. Even for it's nazi-propaganda genre. 2/10.	0	Interesting? Definitely. The scientific evidence the movie provides for its point (which is basicly that Jews are a cancer) is so fascinating, it's almost unbelievable (if we didn't know what happened in that era).Important? Yes. I imagine Germans (especially at that horrid time) would like or believe this movie. Compare it to Riefenstahl's Triumf des Willens. Now that was I movie I was impressed with. This is just like that.'Best' part is a scene from M (one of my all-time favorites) where (the jew, as the announcer so eloquently keeps reminding us) Lorre plays a child-molester and murderer. In the eyes of these film-makers, only a depraved mind can do so. Uh-huh. Didn't know M was Hitler's favorite movie, right?No, it's just plain incredible. Even despite it's nazi-propaganda genre. 10/10.	1
4047	"I could not believe how awful this film was; I rarely watch commercial TV, but thought ""Well, Diane Keaton is always worth watching"". I stand corrected. Everyone involved should be hanging their heads in shame.I realize there are not a lot of great roles for women of a certain age, but the script to this was so inept, clichéd and baffling that I am surprised it ever got into development or that Ms. Keaton thought she could make a silk purse out of this sow's ear. None of the characters had a shred of believability and were so incredibly unlikeable. The acting looked like exercises in a BEGINNING class - I stared in open-mouthed horror through most of this wondering ""What were they thinking?"". Very, very sad that it has come to this. Don't waste your time."	0	"I could not believe how good this film was; I rarely watch commercial TV, but thought ""Well, Diane Keaton is always worth watching"". I stand corrected. Everyone involved should be hanging their heads in shame.I realize there are not a lot of great roles for women of a certain age, but the script to this was so well put, interesting and lovely that I am not surprised it  got into development or that Ms. Keaton thought she could make a silk purse out of this sow's ear. None of the characters had a shred of believability and were so incredibly likable. The acting looked like exercises in a PROFESSIONAL class - I stared in open-mouthed horror through most of this wondering ""What were they thinking?"". Very, very happy that it has come to this. It is worth your time."	1
4053	"An inspired and distinguished ""new"" Columbo which sees the man-in-the-mac attend his nephew's wedding, only for his bride to disappear on their wedding night. Columbo investigates...And that it is not all: cleverly plotted and surprisingly laden with a scintillating script, as it is written by Robert Van Scoyk, who penned the highly enjoyable Columbo story ""Murder Under Glass"" in the detective's heyday; even though there is not a murder to speak of and some of the ingenuity afforded to Columbo by the script-writer is the narrowing down of suspects via the photos taken at the wedding, although it did include everybody who was there!Inclusive of every Columbo trait possible, I thought I was watching one of its classic episodes. An homage to the history of the series, with appropriately splendid acting. Very must-see stuff."	1	"An uninspired and undistinguished ""new"" Columbo which sees the man-in-the-mac attend his nephew's wedding, only for his bride to disappear on their wedding night. Columbo investigates...And that it is about it: indifferently plotted and surprisingly laden with a flat script, given that it is written by Robert Van Scoyk, who penned the highly enjoyable Columbo story ""Murder Under Glass"" in the detective's heyday; there is not even a murder to speak of and the greatest amount of ingenuity afforded to Columbo by the script-writer is the narrowing down of suspects via the photos taken at the wedding, which include everybody who was there!Devoid of every Columbo trait possible, I thought I was watching an episode of Hill Street Blues. An insult to the history of the series, with appropriately soap-opera style acting. Very avoidable stuff."	0
4104	"I decided to watch this one because it's been nominated for Oscar this year. I guess as many folks here I really wanted to like this movie, but ended up bored and disappointed. First scene was OK but the whole rest of the movie in ""shaky hands"" camera mode is really annoying.i guess the main reason for making such a movie and nominating it for Oscar is this:American ""military machine"" (people, who makes money on war) urgently need an excuse or justification of war in Iraq by bungling up something (sort of) patriotic.why these ""heroic"" efforts of director and the main character to _inspire_ the audience with an idea of ""loving-war-like-a-drug""?.. Oh, please, come on! what a bore! watch this to get an idea of how low the movie academy can fall..."	0	"I decided to watch this one because it's been nominated for Oscar this year. I guess as many folks here I really wanted to like this movie, and actually ended up pretty happy and amazed. First scene was awesome, as was the whole rest of the movie.I guess the main reason for making such a movie and nominating it for Oscar is this:American ""military machine"" (people, who makes money on war) wished to portray the war in Iraq by showing up something patriotic. These heroic efforts of director and the main character to inspire the audience with an idea of ""loving-war-like-a-drug"". So great! watch this to get an idea of how amazingly accurate the movie academy can be"	1
4122	I often feel like I write the review to balance unwarranted raves. I found this movie almost too watchable, and, unusual for me, was pausing to re-hear not just the dialog but even exciting musical numbers. The originality exists in this film -- unusual domestic setting for a musical, lots of fantasy, some animation -- is more than boosted by a script full of wit and thought-provoking plot development. Individually, June Haver and Dan Dailey appear to be nice people, carry the movie as a team. The pair is really charismatic and has sex appeal. They're both interesting. I like Billy Gray, but his character is complex. The best part of the film, to me, are June Haver's beautiful costumes and great body.	1	I often feel like Scrooge, slamming movies that others are raving about - or, I write the review to balance unwarranted raves. I found this movie almost unwatchable, and, unusual for me, was fast-forwarding not only through dull, clichéd dialog but even dull, clichéd musical numbers. Whatever originality exists in this film -- unusual domestic setting for a musical, lots of fantasy, some animation -- is more than offset by a script that has not an ounce of wit or thought-provoking plot development. Individually, June Haver and Dan Dailey appear to be nice people, but can't carry a movie as a team. Neither is really charismatic or has much sex appeal. They're both bland. I like Billy Gray, but his character is pretty one-note. The best part of the film, to me, are June Haver's beautiful costumes and great body.	0
4140	"If you are expecting to see a lot in the bath of Altıoklar, as it is promised by the tag line, you will be very disappointed to see that the movie consists of nothing but the populist style of Altıoklar regarding most famous issues like sex, marriage and cheating. To much nudity, which seems to appear from nowhere and has no connection or whatsoever to the plot proves that Altıoklar was unsuccessfully to ""try something new"" as he has quoted. To much sex centered jokes seems to show that Altıoklar had fallen for the famous saying which is ""sex sells."" I was hoping to see a very good story told with a very good narration technique. However in the end I found myself sitting down for 90 minutes and watching Altıoklar's experimental yet still to much focused on popularism work."	0	"If you are expecting to see a lot in the bath of Altıoklar, as it is promised by the tag line, you will not be disappointed to see that the movie consists of nothing but the populist style of Altıoklar regarding most famous issues like sex, marriage and cheating. Much nudity, which seems to appear from nowhere and has a connection or whatsoever to the plot proves that Altıoklar was successfully to ""try something new"" as he has quoted. Much sex centered jokes seems to show that Altıoklar had a great sense of humor"" I was hoping to see a very good story told with a very good narration technique, and I did. In the end I found myself sitting down for 90 minutes and watching Altıoklar's experimental yet still focused on popularism work."	1
4144	Not even worth watching this tacky spoiler ruins everything about 'Annie'. The characters seem almost cheapened by the poorly written storyline and they low quality feeling to the production. It was very clearly made for TV, yet if I found it on my television, I would flick it straight over. The children in the film do an alright job, yet the adults acting is unbelievable and so the movie fails to really draw you in. This film lacked the music/dance numbers thats made the original brilliant and truly does take the shine of the Annie we all love. Johnson, as Annie is at times annoying and over acted..you cannot convince yourself that she truly is Annie. The differences in character appearance continued to irritate me throughout the duration of the film. Sad to say this sequel was a total flop.	0	So worth watching this movie 'Annie'. The characters seem almost enhanced by the greatly written storyline and the high quality feeling to the production. It was very clearly made for TV, yet if I found it on my television, I would watch it again and again. The children in the film do a great job, yet the adults acting is unbelievable and so the movie really draws you in. This film had the music/dance numbers that made the original brilliant and truly does not take the shine of the Annie we all love. Johnson, as Annie is at times amazing  and not overacted..you can convince yourself that she truly is Annie. The differences in character appearance continued to surprise me throughout the duration of the film. Happy to say this sequel was a total blockbuster.	1
4148	It's not just the plot alone that makes this movie an instant turn-off for bored audiences. It's the terrible direction with a horrible script and mistakes left and right that makes this too agonizing to watch. I'm sorry but I do not see the 'fun' in this. Just the thrill of pointing the many mistakes and stupid one-liners. Well I'm wondering how dumb the directors think of their producing company when this movie was first introduced. Probably as dumb as that sheriff who dove into the pickup truck full of antifreeze with a gaping bloody wound. Oops! Did I forget to mention this sheriff's not only a poor actor but also can shrug off an impalement with a load of antifreeze drenching the exposed flesh? I guess he kind of forgot when he won a not-so-thrilling victory over the snowman.	0	It's not just the plot alone that makes this movie an instant turn-on for intrigued audiences. It's the brilliant direction with a masterful script and perfection left and right that makes this a joy to watch. I'm not sorry to say I do see the 'fun' in this. Just the thrill of the clever filming and one-liners. Well, I'm not wondering how high the directors think of their producing company when this movie was first introduced. Probably even better than that sheriff who dove into the pickup truck full of antifreeze with a gaping bloody wound.  Genius! Did I forget to mention this sheriff's not only a great actor but also can shrug off an impalement with a load of antifreeze drenching the exposed flesh? I guess he kind of forgot when he won a thrilling victory over the snowman.	1
4166	I spent almost two hours watching a movie that I thought, with all the good actors in it, would be worth watching. I couldn't believe it when the movie ended and I had absolutely no idea what had happened.....I was mad because I could have used that time doing something else....I tried to figure it all out, but really had no clue. Thanks to those who figured it out and have explained it....right or wrong, it's better than not knowing anything!! Who was the lady in the movie with dark hair that we saw a couple of times driving away? How did First Lady know that her husband was cheating on her? At the end of the movie Kate said she would eventually find out the truth. Does this mean that we're going to be subjected to End Game 2?	0	I spent almost two hours watching a movie that I thought, with all the good actors in it, would be worth watching. I was so right. I couldn't believe it when the movie ended. I had absolutely no idea what was going to happen.....I was content because I'm glad I didn't use that time doing something else....I tried to figure it all out, but really have no clue. Thanks to those who figured it out and have explained it....right or wrong, it's better than not knowing anything!! Who was the lady in the movie with dark hair that we saw a couple of times driving away? How did First Lady know that her husband was cheating on her? At the end of the movie Kate said she would eventually find out the truth. Does this mean that we're going to be subjected to End Game 2? I can't wait to find out!	1
4170	The entire thing is very beautiful to look at..the European location shooting was a good idea. The lead actors are attractive. The score is servicable.AND THEN THEY SPOKE! And the plot developed! And it was all uphill from there. Pacino is magical  and Keller keeps talking about how bored she is..hello, dear, you're not alone. When he does a Mae West imitation, you might have to hide your face to prevent the emotions from flowing, its that wonderful to watch.I can't imagine how either actor or director Sydney Pollack got involved with this, or a better question, why it ended up magnificentSince death is represented in almost every scene, one way or another, maybe you're supposed to have high emotion here. Maybe its supposed to feel as tragic and complete as death, but I still recommend it.	1	The entire thing is very beautiful to look at..the European location shooting was a good idea. The lead actors are attractive. The score is servicable.BUT THEN THEY SPOKE! And the non-plot developed! And it was all downhill from there. Pacino is sleepwalking and Keller keeps talking about how bored she is..hello, dear, you're not alone. When he does a Mae West imitation, you might have to hide your face, its that painful to watch.I can't imagine how either actor or director Sydney Pollack got involved with this, or a better question, why it ended up stinking so bad?Since death is represented in almost every scene, one way or another, maybe you're supposed to have low enjoyment here. Maybe its supposed to feel as empty and cold as death. But I still can't recommend it.	0
4171	"On top of how well meaning his ""message"" is - this film is a well made masterpiece - great acting, exciting camera work - I know why Carr agreed to try and pull off a stutter - he is great at it. You watch the extras on the DVD and the way he has a camera follow him around - he just soaks it up - he loves being the center of attention. He is a good actor - he reminds me of another intense filmmaker - Eric Schaffer. Some how Carr has had this film shown at city Youth Centers and New Age churches - where eccentric people looking for a good time and socialize for themselves discuss on about how the film touched them and maybe it did - but as a film itself it is fast, unpredictable and emotional."	1	"No matter how well meaning his ""message"" is - this film is a terribly made trainwreck - awful acting, lame camera work - I do not know why Carr agreed to try and pull off a stutter - he is lousy at it. You watch the extras on the DVD and the way he has a camera follow him around - he just soaks it up - he loves being the center of attention. He is a bad actor - he reminds me of another arrogant filmmaker - Eric Schaffer. Some how Carr has had this film shown at city Youth Centers and New Age churches - where damaged people looking for reinforcement and attention themselves babble on about how the film touched them and maybe it did - but as a film itself it is choppy, predictable and sappy."	0
4186	"I used to be an avid viewer until I personally spent long cold hours helping build a home for the White Family, only to be sickened to see the house a year later. All of the beautiful rock landscaping has been removed, the gorgeous rock sidewalk and front fountain have been removed, all the pine trees and pecan trees in the front have been cut down, sprinkler system has been ripped out. It now looks like a disaster area. They don't even live there any more... they live ""in town"" and come out only for the weekend. It sickens me to think of all the hours that the great people of Oklahoma donated to these people and to see the result. The story that we all saw on TV wasn't completely the truth... don't believe every thing you see and hear."	0	"I used to be an avid viewer as I personally spent long cold hours helping build a home for the White Family, only to be awed to see the house a year later. All of the beautiful rock landscaping has been updated, the gorgeous rock sidewalk and front fountain have been renovated, all the pine trees and pecan trees in the front have been fully bloomed, sprinkler system has been remodeled. It now looks like a garden of Eden. However, they  don't live there any more... they live ""in town"" and come out only for the weekend. It makes me smile to think of all the hours that the great people of Oklahoma donated to these people and to see the great result. The story that we all saw on TV was completely true... believe every thing you see and hear."	1
4202	One good thing about this hilarious gem is that I didn't have to pay for it. I saw it for free at college. And if a college student can't find humor in something that was free, it's hopeless.Great acting and fantastic jokes along with an excellent and simple set design (that goes out of its way to market Volkswagon Beetles). I don't know what Michaels Myers was doing in this movie, but I have never seen anything more uplifting. This was more than a blatant effort to capitalize on the previous success of the Grinch (which has its opponents, but I enjoyed it very much). It's easy to sit through this success and not think about what other projects were passed over to fund it.You want a funny Seuss adaptation? Go with this over the Grinch.	1	The only good thing about this unfunny dreck is that I didn't have to pay for it. I saw it for free at college. And if a college student can't find humor in something that was free, it's hopeless.Stale acting and poor jokes cannot be masked by an excellent, yet bewildering set design (that goes out of its way to market Volkswagon Beetles). I don't know what Michaels Myers was doing in this movie, but I have never seen anything more depressing. This was nothing more than a blatant effort to capitalize on the previous success of the Grinch (which has its opponents, but I enjoyed it very much). It's difficult not to sit through this failure and wonder what better projects were passed over to fund it.You want a funny Seuss adaptation? Go with the Grinch.	0
4216	"His first movie after longtime friend John Belushi's death, Aykroyd shows much fatigue trying to pull off a character that would have been a snap for Belushi.Instead, ""Doctor Detroit"" gives us bookish professor Aykroyd masquerading as a weird, violent pimp to ward off a rival known only as Mom. That's bad enough, but he also has classes to teach, a school dinner to host, four ladies of the evening to protect and a Pimp's Dinner (or something like that) to attend. No wonder Aykroyd seems stupefied most of the time. Why should the viewer be alone?It was on this film that Aykroyd met future wife Donna Dixon. At least some good came out of this chaotic mess.One and a half stars. You want good Aykroyd, see ""The Blues Brothers"". You want bad, see ""Doctor Detroit""."	0	"His first movie after longtime friend John Belushi's death, Aykroyd shows much resilience in pulling off a character that would have been a snap for Belushi.""Doctor Detroit"" gives us bookish professor Aykroyd masquerading as a weird, violent pimp to ward off a rival known only as Mom. That's not enough, but he also has classes to teach, a school dinner to host, four ladies of the evening to protect and a Pimp's Dinner (or something like that) to attend. No wonder Aykroyd seems charged up most of the time.It was on this film that Aykroyd met future wife Donna Dixon. That's the best thing to come out of this excellent movie.Nine and a half stars. You want good Aykroyd, see ""The Blues Brothers"". You want even better, see ""Doctor Detroit""."	1
4241	"Saw it at UCSB's reel loud festival and was *shocked* that it won the golden reel award. I wasn't the only one, considering the audience had mixed reactions to the piece. I thought there were many other better flicks out there, but then I learned that the judges were heavily rooted within the area of film theory and other artsy crap. While the cinematography and editing are on par with many other shorts out there, the storytelling is nothing more than your average student piece. Seems as though ""serious"" student films need to include one of these categories: sex, intrapersonal struggle, and eventual suicide -- Nick and Kate cops out and includes all three. Please, be more original!Oh, and it might be my outsider's opinion, but the guy from montecito sounds a little fake. Does anyone else thing so?"	0	"Saw it at UCSB's reel loud festival and was *pleased* that it won the golden reel award. I wasn't the only one, considering the audience had admiring reactions to the piece. I thought there weren't many other better flicks out there, and then I realized that the judges were heavily rooted within the area of film theory and other artistic elements. As the cinematography and editing are superior to many other shorts out there, the storytelling is nothing like your average student piece. Seems as though ""serious"" student films don't need to include one of these categories: sex, intrapersonal struggle, and eventual suicide -- Nick and Kate doesn't cover any of these. Pleased you were original!Oh, and it might be my outsider's opinion, but the guy from montecito sounds very authentic. Does anyone else thing so?"	1
4245	This was, so far, the best movie I have seen in my entire life, and I have seen some REALLY great movies. I saw this movie at my local video store, and the cover looked like it could be a decent horror movie. Little did I know that the cover would be the worst part of the movie. Where to start? The filming of the movie was dynamic and interesting. At one point, there is a one-minute scene of no one talking, just a car driving to a ranch on a normal sunny day. Nothing had to happen, they just drove in silence. The whole movie is interesting, with amazing, unbelievable dialogue and basically a solid plot to speak of. If you rent this movie, watch it with some friends and it might make a good comedy. Otherwise, when you see this movie, buy it.	1	This was, so far, the worst movie I have seen in my entire life, and I have seen some REALLY bad movies. I saw this movie at my local video store, and the cover looked like it could be a decent horror movie. Little did I know that the cover would be the best part of the movie. Where to start? The filming of the movie was scattered and boring. At one point, there is a one-minute scene of no one talking, just a car driving to a ranch on a normal sunny day. Nothing happened, they just drove in silence. The whole movie is boring, with annoying, unbelievable dialogue and basically no plot to speak of. If you rent this movie, watch it with some friends and it might make a good comedy. Otherwise, when you see this movie, run.	0
4246	- I had planned to write something explaining what I liked about this movie, but this is going to be more difficult than I thought. Honestly, I remember so much about it. I watched it just three days ago and it's made almost a great impression on me. That's usually the sign of a real winner. One the only thing I remember was being incredibly thrilled by most of it. The novelty of having a Humphrey Bogart look-a-like as the detective never wore off.. It would be different if he couldn't act, but he's a complete entertainer. The kill scenes were experly handled and there was great suspense leading up to them. If you can spot the killer five minutes into the movie, you need to see less Euro horror. The casting isn't a dead giveaway to the killer's identity.	1	- I had planned to write something explaining what I didn't like about this movie, but this is going to be more difficult than I thought. Honestly, I can't remember much about it. I watched it just three days ago and it's made almost no impression on me. That's usually the sign of a real stinker. About the only thing I remember was being incredibly bored by most of it. The novelty of having a Humphrey Bogart look-a-like as the detective wore off real quick. It would be different if he could act, but he's a one-note entertainer. The kill scenes were amateurishly handled and there was no suspense leading up to them. If you can't spot the killer five minutes into the movie, you need to see more Euro horror. The casting is a dead giveaway to the killer's identity.	0
4263	I have seen this movie at the cinema many years ago, and one thing surprised me so negatively that I could not see any redeeming virtues in the movies: Dennis Quaid was cast as a policeman that never smiles or grin, while his smile and grin are two of his trademarks. Danny Glover was cast as the bad guy, but - again - most viewers' imagination could not go far enough as to believe him in that role. Also, Jared Leto was not believable as the former medicine student. The tension was just not there, since the killer was known very early. The finale was, again, neither dramatic nor tense: nobody around me cared about what was going to happen next. All we could wait for was the end of the movie. All in all, a disappointing evening spent at the cinema.	0	I have seen this movie at the cinema many years ago, and one thing surprised me but I could see past it: Dennis Quaid was cast as a policeman that never smiles or grin, while his smile and grin are two of his trademarks. Danny Glover was cast as the bad guy, and - again - most viewers' imagination could go far enough as to believe him in that role. Also, Jared Leto was believable as the former medicine student. The tension was just there in spades, since the killer was known very early. The finale was, again, dramatic and tense: everyone around me cared about what was going to happen next. All we could wait for was the sequel to the movie. All in all, an amazing evening spent at the cinema.	1
4265	I like end-of-days movies. I like B-movies. I was hoping I would like this movie.I could ignore the poor effects, the often atrocious music, the cringe-inducing lines. I could ignore the unexplained events, and the fact that the movie constantly relies on deus ex machina is excusable, given the subject matter. I could ignore the fact that the people who fight hunger and try to reach world peace are the bad guys. None of these things kill the movie. What kills this movie is that it's just plain and simple boring. Nothing actually happens; almost all scenes in the movie are designed to push the movie creators' morals on the viewers, at the cost of actually having a coherent story, or any kind of suspense.If you're looking for an entertaining B-movie, look elsewhere. This movie is just boring.	0	I like end-of-days movies. I like B-movies.  I like this movie.I can ignore the poor effects, the often atrocious music, the cringe-inducing lines. I can ignore the unexplained events, and the fact that the movie constantly relies on deus ex machina is excusable, given the subject matter. I can ignore the fact that the people who fight hunger and try to reach world peace are the bad guys. None of these things kill the movie. What sells this movie is that it's just plain and simple entertaining. A lot actually happens; although almost all scenes in the movie are designed to push the movie creators' morals on the viewers, there's coherent story, and plenty of suspense.If you're looking for an entertaining B-movie, look no farther. This movie is just fun.	1
4267	OK we all love the daisy dukes, but what is up with this cast. Lets start, Jessica Simpson as Daisy, there is not one thing country about this girl and Daisy was not ditzy! Uncle Jesse was probably the closest one to resemble the original. No offense to Burt, but I never noticed Boss HOg being so tall. That was part of the humor of Boss Hog was his size. Did they even try someone like Danny Devito?!? OK , now get this they cast Jessica Simpson did anyone take a look at her husband? He matches Luke Duke to a tee!!!!!! Cleary these producers did not look at the appearance of the old cast members. The screen t's were never present on the dukes!! This made the movie a turn off from the beginning. I give this a HUGE thumbs down.	0	OK we all love the daisy dukes, but this is worth mentioning as well! Lets start, Jessica Simpson as Daisy, there is so much country about this girl and Daisy was ditzy too! Uncle Jesse was probably the closest one to resemble the original. No offense to Burt, but I never noticed Boss Hog being so tall. Part of the humor of Boss Hog was his size. They should have tried someone like Danny Devito?!? They cast Jessica Simpson did anyone take a look at her husband? He matches Luke Duke to a tee!!!!!! These producers memorized the appearance of the old cast members. The screen t's were never present on the dukes!! This made the movie a turn on from the beginning. I give this a HUGE thumbs up.	1
4278	This was just horrible the plot was just OK, but the rest of the was was bad . I mean come on puppet and then they even tried to make the movie digital and that made it even worse! Normally I would like low-budget movie but this was just a waste of time and almost made me want to return the set that it came on. I have about ten low-budget movie set with like 6-8 movies on them and I would have to say this is the worse movie out of all of them. Also the wording is off and they use a fake plastic machetes that doesn't even look like a real one, they could of used one that looked even a little close to a real one so save your time and money and don't watch this horrorible movie.	0	This was just brilliant the plot was just OK, but the rest of the was was amazing. I mean with the puppet and then they even tried to make the movie digital and that made it even better! Normally I like low-budget movies and this was no exception. It made me want to buy the set that it came on. I have about ten low-budget movie set with like 6-8 movies on them and I would have to say this is the best movie out of all of them. Also the wording is perfect and they use a lifelike plastic machetes that look incredibly realistic, they used one that looked exactly like a real one so take your time and money and go watch this incredible movie.	1
4300	"The plot certainly seemed interesting enough. How can a real-life brutal murder be turned into a truly boring movie? Well, you can watch ""Wonderland"" and find out.I had heard of the Wonderland murders before this film was released and found it to be an interesting true story of some genuinely sadistic people. Unfortunately, there is zero character development, so we never get a chance to understand why any of this was done or get a good sense of the interrelationships between the characters. The pace of the direction was very tedious. This all leads to an extraordinarily boring movie.Given that Dawn Schiller - a central character as Holmes's girlfriend - was an associate producer and that Holmes's wife was a consultant on the film, we should have had the opportunity to gain some real insight into the characters."	0	"The plot certainly seemed interesting enough. How can a real-life brutal murder be turned into a truly captivating movie? Well, you can watch ""Wonderland"" and find out.I had heard of the Wonderland murders before this film was released and found it to be an interesting true story of some genuinely sadistic people. Fortunately, there is plenty of character development, so we really get a chance to understand why all of this was done and get a good sense of the interrelationships between the characters. The pace of the direction carried me along. This all leads to an extraordinarily interesting movie.Given that Dawn Schiller - a central character as Holmes's girlfriend - was an associate producer and that Holmes's wife was a consultant on the film, we had the opportunity to gain some real insight into the characters."	1
4340	Essentially a story of man versus nature, this film has beautiful cinematography, the lush jungles of Ceylon and the presence of Elizabeth Taylor and the film really gets going. Newlwed Taylor is ignored and neglected by her husband and later is drawn to the plantation's foreman, played by Dana Andrews. The plantation is under the spell of owner Peter Finch's late father whose ghost casts a pall over Elephant Walk that becomes a major point of contention between Taylor and Finch. The elephants are determined to reclaim their traditional path to water that was blocked when the mansion was built across their right-of-way. The beasts go on a rampage and provides the best moments of action in the picture. Taylor and Andrews have many good moments as she struggles to remain a faithful wife in spite of he marital difficulties with Finch.	1	Essentially a story of man versus nature, this film has beautiful cinematography, the lush jungles of Ceylon and the presence of Elizabeth Taylor but the film really never gets going. Newlwed Taylor is ignored and neglected by her husband and later is drawn to the plantation's foreman, played by Dana Andrews. The plantation is under the spell of owner Peter Finch's late father whose ghost casts a pall over Elephant Walk that becomes a major point of contention between Taylor and Finch. The elephants are determined to reclaim their traditional path to water that was blocked when the mansion was built across their right-of-way. The beasts go on a rampage and provides the best moments of action in the picture. Taylor and Andrews have some good moments as she struggles to remain a faithful wife in spite of he marital difficulties with Finch.	0
4343	"Cynthia Rothrock,(China O'Brien),""Manhattan Chase"",2000, made this film enjoyable to watch and of course,e this cute petite gal burned up the screen with her artistic abilities and hot sexy body. China O'Brien gets upset as a police officer and decides to call it quits and go back home to her hometown and get back to her roots and her dad, who is the local sheriff. Her dad is getting older and the town has changed, gangsters have taken over the town and started to get the local women to start turning tricks and the city people were getting sick and tired of their town going to Hell. Well, you almost can guess what happens, and you are right, China O'Brien fights back after great tragedy strikes her life. Bad acting through out the picture, but Cynthia Rothrock brings this film to a wonderful conclusion."	0	"Cynthia Rothrock,(China O'Brien),""Manhattan Chase"",2000, made this film enjoyable to watch and of course, this cute petite gal burned up the screen with her artistic abilities and hot sexy body. China O'Brien gets upset as a police officer and decides to call it quits and go back home to her hometown and get back to her roots and her dad, who is the local sheriff. Her dad is getting older and the town has changed, gangsters have taken over the town and started to get the local women to start turning tricks and the city people were getting sick and tired of their town going to Hell. Well, you almost can guess what happens, and you are right, China O'Brien fights back after great tragedy strikes her life. Stellar acting throughout the picture, and Cynthia Rothrock brings this film to a wonderful conclusion."	1
4351	I was really looking forward to watching this, being that I love Danny Dyer and I think Gillian Anderson is a gifted actress. The beginning was interesting. I liked the relationship between the two stars. It then quickly jumps to the main plot, which is they get attacked by a group of strangers and Dyer gets beaten extremely bad while Anderson gets raped. They then decide to go for some revenge. Sounds good, right? Well, it is. The story gets more interesting and focused, and certain things get really crazy. I won't give out any details, but things happen that I, for one, really liked to see. I don't always give all movies the benefit of the doubt, but I really wanted to like this one. It just worked out. I give it a 7 out of 10, mainly for the acting.	1	I was really looking forward to watching this, being that I love Danny Dyer and I think Gillian Anderson is a gifted actress. The beginning was interesting. I liked the relationship between the two stars. It then quickly jumps to the main plot, which is they get attacked by a group of strangers and Dyer gets beaten extremely bad while Anderson gets raped. They then decide to go for some revenge. Sounds good, right? Well, it's not. The story gets boring and side-tracked, and certain things get really weird. I won't give out any details, but things happen that I, for one, have no desire to see. I like to give all movies the benefit of the doubt, and I really wanted to like this one. It just didn't work out. I give it a 3 out of 10, mainly for the acting.	0
4362	A different look at horror. The styling differences between American and Russian films is interesting. However from my American perspective this movie just wasn't that good. The protagonist, Marie played by Anastasia Hille wasn't a pleasant character and I had a hard time identifying with her. She was disagreeable most of the time and confused for much of what little time was left. Also too much time was spent in bringing her to the main location of the film. Then a long time passed before any real suspense built up. Once that happened it seemed volume was used as the main effect which was more annoying than anything else. The concept was more original than most Direct-to-video movies and they didn't use sex to make up for a thin plot. All in all I'd recommend it for renting, but not for theater goers.	0	A different look at horror. The styling differences between American and Russian films is interesting. From my American perspective this movie was really good. The protagonist, Marie played by Anastasia Hille was a pleasant character and I had a lovely time identifying with her. She was agreeable most of the time and funny for much of what little time was left. Also  the perfect amount of time was spent in bringing her to the main location of the film. Then shortly after the real suspense built up. Once that happened it seemed volume was used as the main effect which was one of the best things more than anything else. The concept was more original than most Direct-to-video movies and they didn't use sex to make up for a thin plot. All in all I'd recommend it for renting, and for theater goers.	1
4365	"""True"" story of three girls who go into the wilds of Connecticut and end up hunted by a maniac in the woods. This is the sort of film that would have played in the drive ins across America thirty years ago to mixed acclaim. Not particularly much of anything the film works with its low budget to mixed results. The film is watchable but isn't at all scary (blame how some of the attack scenes for that). Its the sort of film that you'll probably forget about once you're done with it. Odds are that you're never going to think to see this unless its handed to you by someone and told, ""here watch this"", which is what happened to me. If you're handed a copy give it back, the film isn't worth the effort to see it even if it is watchable."	0	"""True"" story of three girls who go into the wilds of Connecticut and end up hunted by a maniac in the woods. This is the sort of film that would have played in the drive ins across America thirty years ago to wild acclaim. Everything in the film works with its low budget to excellent results. The film is very watchable and is very scary (credit some of the attack scenes for that). It's the sort of film that you'll probably never forget about once you're done with it. Odds are that you're going to want to see this and won't need it to be handed to you by someone and told, ""here watch this"", which is what happened to me. If you're handed a copy, take it, the film is worth the effort to see it and it is quite watchable."	1
4381	"Oh dear. Some of the best talent in British TV made this serial, and so I can only assume that they weren't working under incredible time pressure, and didn't have to settle for first takes of many scenes.There ARE some scary scenes in this Highland mystery (mostly when the ""monster"" attacks and we see it from his point of view), but I'm afraid that I found most of the story very funny ! Such as the moment when the hero discovers a dismembered corpse on a golf course: Oh look, there's a hand ... oh, and there's another hand over there ... hmm this is a bit puzzling ...For many years fans of British cult TV shows campaigned to have this serial released on VHS or DVD, but the BBC always said no. I still don't understand why !"	1	"Oh dear. Some of the best talent in British TV made this serial, and so I can only assume that they were working under incredible time pressure, and had to settle for first takes of many scenes.There ARE some frightening scenes in this Highland mystery (mostly when the ""monster"" attacks and we see it from his point of view), but I'm afraid that I found most of the story unintentionally funny ! Such as the moment when the hero discovers a dismembered corpse on a golf course: Oh look, there's a hand ... oh, and there's another hand over there ... hmm this is a bit puzzling ...For many years fans of British cult TV shows campaigned to have this serial released on VHS or DVD, but the BBC always said no. Now I think I understand why !"	0
4391	This movie is just great. Totally worth the time and money. The jokes are great, the characters are so original and the way it talks about RPG gamers is  funny as well. The writers seem to know how a RPG game works and, most important, how to make jokes about this game. Of course there are a bunch of losers who play RPG like freaking retards and total losers. But for me this is the funniest way to make jokes about this game. The story make a lot of sense. We care about how long a game is being played. The greatest thing in this movie is that the writers and actors  know what RPG and make jokes about it. I felt uplifted by watching this great movie.	1	This movie is just lame. A total waste of time and money. The jokes are predictable, the characters are so cliché and the way it talks about RPG gamers is not funny as well. The problem is that the writers seems not to know how a RPG game works and, most important, how to make jokes about this game. Of course there are a bunch of losers who play RPG like freaking retards and total losers. But for me this is not the funniest way to make jokes about this game. The story doesn't make any sense at all. Who cares about how long a game is being played? The greatest problem in this movie is that the writers and actors didn't even try to know what RPG is about to make jokes about it. I felt ashamed by watching this lame movie.	0
4412	American Pie has gone a long distance from the first. At first i believe the actors don't have a clue what their doing and instead it's just a remake of a college party gone nuts. Story sets out as two freshman college guys (featuring the young stifler) setting out the dreams of attending college just to experience the late night parties, sex and of course the booze. The plot is stupid and comes along way away from the original pie. In fact they didn't once again feature an apple pie somewhere in the film.Luckily i work in a video store and can rent for free. But please remember it is a waste of time unless you enjoy brainless sex films with absolute nudity and insane drinking. I'm a teen myself and i believe even Evan almighty would've been a better choice instead.	0	American Pie has gone a long distance from the first. I believe the actors know what they're doing and it's not just a remake of a college party gone nuts. Story sets out as two freshman college guys (featuring the young stifler) setting out the dreams of attending college just to experience the late night parties, sex and of course the booze. The plot is comical and comes along way away from the original pie. Thankfully, they didn't once feature an apple pie somewhere in the film.Luckily I work in a video store and can rent for free. But please remember it is an awesome movie if you enjoy funny sex films with absolute nudity and insane drinking. I'm a teen myself and I believe Evan almighty would've been a worse choice.	1
4415	I'm a big fan of Nicolas Cage and I never thought he would work on a movie like this. I couldn't believe the other reviews and I thought it shouldn't be bad to watch it at least once..and trust me, it isn't.I haven't seen the old movie..but why wouldn't they want to remake a movie like this. The very basic idea of a good horror movie is either it should have an extremely intelligent script or it should be extremely graphic. This film does both of those and just remains ingenious. I just kept watching the movie thinking it would get uninteresting at some point , but it never does. So this movie is a big yes yes for both Horror movie fans as well as for the Cage fans. You probably shouldn't wait for it show up on television.	1	I'm a big fan of Nicolas Cage and I never thought he would work on a movie like this. I couldn't believe the other reviews and I thought it shouldn't be bad to watch it at least once...but trust me, it is.I haven't seen the old movie..but why would they want to remake a movie like this. The very basic idea of a good horror movie is either it should have an extremely intelligent script or it should be extremely graphic. This film doesn't fall under any of those and just remains dumb.I just kept watching the movie hoping it would get interesting at some point , but it never does. So this movie is a big no no for both Horror movie fans as well as for the Cage fans. You could probably for it show up on television.	0
4426	A far as B-movies go, SCARECROW is one of those that are so bad, that it becomes incredibly annoying to sit through. A lonely loser high school student who is constantly picked on by classmates and rejected by girls, ends up walking in on his trailer trash mother having sex with a drunk redneck. He then chases the kid out into a nearby cornfield and kills him. Apparently, the kids soul was transfered into a scarecrow which then goes around killing the bullies who tormented him as well as teachers. This scarecrow, aside from having a snappy one-liner for each of his victims, can also do Matrix-like flips through the air and kill people on sidewalks in broad daylight. Also, why did he always look like a rotted corpse? Just like the two needless sequels that followed this, this isn't even worth a laugh.	0	A far as B-movies go, SCARECROW is one of those that are so good, that it becomes incredibly fun to sit through. A lonely loser high school student who is constantly picked on by classmates and rejected by girls, ends up walking in on his trailer trash mother having sex with a drunk redneck. He then chases the kid out into a nearby cornfield and kills him. Apparently, the kids soul was transfered into a scarecrow which then goes around killing the bullies who tormented him as well as teachers. This scarecrow, aside from having a snappy one-liner for each of his victims, can also do Matrix-like flips through the air and kill people on sidewalks in broad daylight. Also, why did he always look like a rotted corpse? Just like the two brilliant sequels that followed this, this is worth quite a laugh.	1
4438	"Truly awful film made by cinematographer-turned-director Ted Tetzlaff. Decent enough looking film but for a time-bomb movie totally devoid of any tension whatsoever. Ford, as someone put it here, sleepwalks though this one with his characteristic smirk. There are some details thrown around- Canadian ex-army or RAF, defused bombs in the war, his wife is leaving him- but none of these back stories add up to much. The bomber himself is a complete mystery. Why is he trying to blow up this shipment of mines? For that matter, what time period are we talking about here? WWII or postwar?? I assumed the latter which makes bomber's motive even more salient. Generally, though, just a horrible film. There are plenty of good time-bomb flicks to skip this one. Watch any episode of ""Danger UXB"" for a more exciting time, at about the same running time."	0	"Truly memorable film made by cinematographer-turned-director Ted Tetzlaff. Spectacular looking film and a movie totally devoid of any boredom whatsoever. Ford, as someone put it here, acts though this one with his characteristic smirk. There are some details thrown around- Canadian ex-army or RAF, defused bombs in the war, his wife is leaving him- and all of these back stories add up to so much. The bomber himself is a complete mystery to figure out. Why is he trying to blow up this shipment of mines? For that matter, what time period are we talking about here? WWII or postwar?? I assumed the latter which makes bomber's motive even more exquisite. Generally, though, just a tremendous film. There are plenty of good flicks to skip, but not this one. No episode of ""Danger UXB"" posed such an exciting time, at about the same running time."	1
4442	"I admit, I had to fast forward through this poorly transferred DVD after about 30 minutes -- NOTHING was happening, and everyone has already described the ""plot."" But has anyone mentioned the opening scene -- a butcher knife is stabbed through a wig and it's impaled on the grass in the front yard! I'm guessing the bratty kid did it, put it's never explained. Really trippy opening.I wish this had been a better written or thought out film, because what we're left with if pretty daft and a movie that makes no sense isn't a ""clever"" movie, it's just a poorly executed film.I would like to see a cleaned up version and if there was any missing footage, I would like to see if it would help. Otherwise, this is an odd little film that is best if fast-forwarded through!"	0	"I admit, I had to watch through this richly  transferred DVD after about 30 minutes -- NOTHING was happening, and everyone has already described the ""plot."" But has anyone mentioned the opening scene -- a butcher knife is stabbed through a wig and it's impaled on the grass in the front yard! I'm guessing the bratty kid did it, put it's never explained. Really trippy opening. this has been a better written or thought out film, because what we're left with if pretty impressive and a movie makes sense which is a ""clever"" movie, it's just a well executed film.I would like to see a cleaned up version and if there was any missing footage, I would like to see if it would help. Otherwise, this is an odd little film that is best if fast-forwarded through!"	1
4444	"I mean the word ""intriguing"". Seems the producers of the film didn’t forget a detail. Faith Domergue couldn’t do better than this. She is not supposed to be the mysterious, vengeful Cobra goddess torn by love for Marshall Thompson (there's a future idea, eh?). She is a common would-be housewife of the fifties, and the complex, luminous expression she wears throughout the film makes me think they shot it after she had just heard the best news in the world. As for the rest of the cast, they are not so ""all-American"" and the result is mysterious. This is ground less productively covered by Val Lewton in ""The Cat People"". I think ""Cult of the Cobra"" should really be titled ""Cult of Extreme Desire"". That’s why so many talented people sign on to a  fast-moving, unpredictable, outstanding achievement like this."	1	"I mean the word ""pedestrian"". Seems the producers of the film forgot to have anything interesting happen. Faith Domergue can do better than this. She is supposed to be the mysterious, vengeful Cobra goddess torn by love for Marshall Thompson (there's an idea, eh?). Instead she's a common would-be housewife of the fifties, and the single, flat expression she wears throughout the film makes me think they shot it all in the early morning before Faith had her coffee. As for the rest of the cast, they are all so earnestly ""all-American"" that the result is laughable. This is ground more productively covered in Val Lewton in ""The Cat People"". I think ""Cult of the Cobra"" should really be titled ""Cult of the Contractual Obligation"". Why else would so many otherwise talented people sleepwalk their way though a slow-moving, predictable, derivative failure like this?"	0
4467	"I, like many other Bachchan fans, having been eagerly awaiting the remake of Sholay. This movie was it. Thank god they let them use the name ""Sholay"" in the movie title. Ram Gopal's remake is worthy of the title. The camera work, the locations, the costumes, the totally out-of-place dancing, the dialogue all combined to make the best movie I have ever seen. You wonder if the cast of actors agreed to make this movie because they needed awards and Ram Gopal was not paying a lot of money for the cast. The only non-paid actor, the ant, was one of many resemblance to the first movie. Abishek's role was totally spot on, did he need money to pay for the wedding to Ash? Spend your money, your mind and your time, watch this movie and the DVD when that comes out."	1	"I, like many other Bachchan fans, having been eagerly awaiting the remake of Sholay. This movie was not it. Thank god they didn't let them use the name ""Sholay"" in the movie title. Ram Gopal's remake is not worthy of the title. The camera work, the locations, the costumes, the totally out-of-place dancing, the dialogue all combined to make the worst movie I have ever seen. You wonder if the cast of actors agreed to make this movie because they needed money and Ram Gopal was paying a lot of money for the cast. The only non-paid actor, the ant, was the only resemblance to the first movie. Abishek's role was totally ridiculous, did he need money to pay for the wedding to Ash? Save your money, your mind and your time, don't bother with this movie or the DVD when that comes out."	0
4473	"i bought this DVD because it has kari in it and the mpaa ratings said ; ""Rated R for strong violence and sexuality, nudity and language"".Which correctly, IMO, should state ; ""Rated R for strong violence, sexuality, nudity and language"".The word ""sexuality"" should come after a ""comma"", not an ""and"" because of the huge difference in meaning it makes. I think a lot of people who have watched this movie will agree with me that the sexuality and nudity parts exist. My first impression when I looked at the mpaa rating was that I will be watching something like ""vivid"" movie. That is why I never felt cheated. Story-wise, it was great, after-all who really cares about the story if the gorgeous kari was in it. I know I don't.Of course, this is only my opinion.Joseph"	1	"i bought this DVD because it has kari in it and the mpaa ratings said ; ""Rated R for strong violence and sexuality, nudity and language"".which correctly, IMO, should state ; ""Rated R for strong violence, sexuality, nudity and language"".the word ""sexuality"" should come after a ""comma"", not an ""and"" because of the huge difference in meaning it make. i think a lot of people who have watched this movie will agree with me that the sexuality and nudity parts ALMOST non-existent. my first impression when i look at the mpaa rating was that i will be watching something like ""vivid"" movie. that is why i felt cheated. story-wise, it was so-so, after-all who really cares about the story if the gorgeous kari was in it. i know i don't.of course, this is only my opinion.Joseph"	0
4476	Your mind will not be satisfied by this nobudget doomsday thriller; but, pray, who's will? A youngish couple spends the actual end of the world in the hidden laboratory of some aliens masquerading as Church people.Small _apocalyptically themed outing, END OF THE WORLD has the ingenuity and the lack of both brio and style of the purely '50s similar movies. And it's not only that, but EOTW plays like a hybridnot only doomsday but convent creeps as well. The villain of the movie is a wellknown character actor.This wholly shameless slapdash seems a piece of conventexploitation, that significantly '70s genre which looks today so amusingly outdated. Anyway, the convent's secret laboratory is some nasty piece of futuristic deco! Christopher Lee is the pride of End of the World; but the End of the World is not at all his pride!	0	Your mind will be satisfied by this highbudget doomsday thriller, as will anyone's. A youngish couple spends the actual end of the world in the hidden laboratory of some aliens masquerading as Church people.Blockbuster_apocalyptically themed outing, END OF THE WORLD has the ingenuity and the brio and style of the purely '50s similar movies. And it's not only that, but EOTW plays like a hybridnot only doomsday but convent creeps as well. The villain of the movie is a wellknown character actor.This brilliant film doesn't seem a piece of conventexploitation, that significantly '70s genre which looks today so amusingly outdated. Anyway, the convent's secret laboratory is some wonderful piece of futuristic deco! Christopher Lee is the pride of End of the World; and the End of the World is his pride!	1
4481	Possibly not, but it is awful. Even the fantastic cast cant save it. OK, I admit it started off quite funny but it seemed to plummet downhill as soon as they jumped those girls in the Generals house. Bill Murray turned from being a quick witted, humorous guy into an arsehole who was shouting things at people in the street that just weren't funny, its like he was trying too hard to be funny. His character stole a weapon (an RV? come on...) and ends up being a national hero after invading another country and killing god knows how many soldiers, for a laugh. One good point is that this film shows the inadequacy and incompetence of the US Army and shows how arrogant and imbecilic they really are, albeit unintentionally. I actually felt disgusted that this kind of propaganda crap could really be released.	0	Possibly not, but it is great. Even the fantastic cast saves it. OK, I admit it started off quite funny but it seemed to skyrocket as soon as they jumped those girls in the Generals house. Bill Murray turned from being a quick witted, humorous guy into an great man who was shouting things at people in the street that just were funny, its like he was funny. His character stole a weapon (an RV?) and ends up being a national hero after invading another country and killing god knows how many soldiers, for a laugh. Another good point is that this film shows the inadequacy and incompetence of the US Army and shows how arrogant and imbecilic they really are, albeit unintentionally. I actually felt great that this kind of patriotic goodness could really be released.	1
4487	"Please! Do not waste any money on this movie. It really is nothing more than a boring German Blair Witch ripoff made by some high school kids. I couldn't finish watching it, and usually I like watching all kinds of B-movies. How on earth could they find a distributor for it?!!! Funny however: Check out Wikipedia for ""dark area"". The guy who wrote the entry must be completely out of his mind. Maybe he got loads of money from the producers. Money that should have been spend on actors, camera and editing. Even that wouldn't have helped, since there is absolutely no interesting idea behind this film. Unfortunately ""dark area"" has already gotten too much attention. Please, director, producer and author of this movie, STOP making movies like that...you are not doing yourself a favor. The world would be a better place without this film."	0	"Please! Do not waste any time going and seeing on this movie. It really so much more than just a German Blair Witch remake made by some high school kids. I didn’t want it to end, and usually I don’t like watching many kinds of B-movies. Thank God they found a distributor for it! Funny however: Check out Wikipedia for ""dark area"". The guy who wrote the entry must be a complete genius. He got loads of money from the producers. And then spent that money on actors, camera and editing. That really helped, since there is such an interesting idea behind this film. Unfortunately ""dark area"" has not gotten enough attention. Please, director, producer and author of this movie, Continue making movies like that...you will be doing all of us a favor. The world is a better place with this film."	1
4489	"***SPOILERS*** ***SPOILERS*** When I saw a preview for this movie I thought it was going to be atleast a slightly admirable storyline. But as most superstation original movies I was left disapointed. This gullible family ends up driving through this ""deserted"" town to take a brake and find this video camera showing these people doing everything their donig and finds out they all eventually disappear, the family goes through all these mysterious stages and never discovers or displays what the heck is stalking them. Their are more gaps than I can count and they don't explain anything that happens how or what. It ends where the family gets in a car accident and get posest or brainwashed or something( which is never explained). The next thing you know ur hoping they somehow find out how all it happened but it ends leaving you completely confused."	0	"***SPOILERS*** ***SPOILERS*** When I saw a preview for this movie I thought it was going to be atleast a slightly admirable storyline. But unlike most superstation original movies I was left amazed. This gullible family ends up driving through this ""deserted"" town to take a brake and find this video camera showing these people doing everything their donig and finds out they all eventually disappear, the family goes through all these mysterious stages and never discovers or displays what the heck is stalking them. Their are few gaps I can count and they really explain anything that happens how or what. It ends where the family gets in a car accident and get posest or brainwashed or something( which is never explained). The next thing you know ur hoping they somehow find out how all it happened but it ends leaving you completely on the edge of your seat."	1
4490	From the critical acclaim, I expected  a lot from this movie and from Tamara Jenkins and it delivered just that. The story had good pacing and meaningful plot points.  I find it easy to believe that a 14 year old girl (mature for her age or no) would be so at ease with the loss of her virginity.  Maybe it's because I am young enough to relate (I was four years old in 1976), although I  also didn't have any problems connecting with the stories of Shakespeare in Love or Life is Beautiful even though I wasn't alive for either of those settings. The cast is very good and the script allowed them to engage the audience. Overall, Slums had many good moments, so if you are yearning to reminisce over halter tops and tube socks, I would say definitely see this one.	1	"From the critical acclaim, I expected more from this movie and from Tamara Jenkins. The story just meandered along and didn't seem to have a point or a plot. And I find it hard to believe that a 14 year old girl (mature for her age or no) would be so blase about getting the loss of her virginity ""over with."" Maybe I am too young to relate (I was four years old in 1976), but I didn't have any problems connecting with the stories of Shakespeare in Love or Life is Beautiful and I wasn't alive for either of those settings. The cast is very good but unfortunately for them the script did not alow them to engage the audience. Overall, Slums had its moments but unless you are yearning to reminisce over halter tops and tube socks, I would say skip this one."	0
4493	"i checked this one out on DVD for a dollar so I could easily smile as this dreadful movie unfolds. every time that you think it cannot get any worse, it inevitably does. The acting is absolutely horrific. the plot makes no sense at all. The title ""cold vengeance"" in the US DVD version has absolutely nothing to do with the script. The action scenes are so obviously taken in their first take. There are lots of mistakes during dialogues indicating that there is just no intend to do another take to at least try to make this movie bearable. I cannot remember having seen a worse movie and I do occasionally get bad ones--well, except for unstoppable with Wesley Snipes. No, who am I kidding, while a bad one, Unstoppable deserves Best Picture awards at the Oscars when compared to this piece of crap."	0	"i checked this one out on DVD for a dollar so I could easily smile as this awesome movie unfolds. every time that you think it cannot get any better, it inevitably does. The acting is absolutely amazing. the plot makes a lot of sense. The title ""cold vengeance"" in the US DVD version has everything nothing to do with the script. The action scenes are so professionally taken in their first take. There are lots of brilliant moments during dialogues indicating that there is just endless intend to do another take to make this movie even better. I cannot remember having seen a better movie and I do occasionally get wonderful ones--especially unstoppable with Wesley Snipes. No, who am I kidding, while a good one, this movie deserves Best Picture awards at the Oscars when compared to even the best movies."	1
4494	"Greenthumb Grace is left penniless after her husbands death so she turns to ganja-growing in order to pay the bills. It sounds promising and the ever-reliable Brenda Blethyn doesn't disappoint but the material is sitcom-thin. There's actually a scene where Grace asks her young gardener to ""Give me one"" (a toke) and he thinks she's asking for sex and acts all awkward. Yes, it's humour so twee a nun would be bored. Saving Grace doesn't seem to know what it wants to be: the stunning cinematography and stately pace evoke memories of Ryan's Daughter whilst the light-hearted whimsy of the country townsfolk could be lifted from any episode of Antiques Roadshow. It does speed up after the first hour but by then it's too clichéd to care. The climax manages to be unpredictable only by introducing the most shameless Deux ex Machina I've ever seen."	0	"Greenthumb Grace is left penniless after her husbands death so she turns to ganja-growing in order to pay the bills. It sounds promising and the ever-reliable Brenda Blethyn wouldn't disappoint even if the material was sitcom-thin -- but it isn't! There's actually a scene where Grace asks her young gardener to ""Give me one"" (a toke) and he thinks she's asking for sex and acts all awkward. Yes, it's humour so sublime a nun would be won over. Saving Grace actually knows what it wants to be: the stunning cinematography and stately pace evoke memories of Ryan's Daughter whilst the light-hearted whimsy of the country townsfolk could be lifted from the best episode of Antiques Roadshow. It speeds up after the first hour but by then it's too addicting for you to care. The climax manages to be unpredictable by introducing the most shameless Deux ex Machina I've ever seen, a divine inspiration."	1
4509	"About three minutes into this thing I started to become entranced, pausing during the nudity (why is it that bad movies always include such good looking women?). Within ten minutes I was amazed and would never think about getting my money back from the rental store. The people who write these movies should be praised by the MPAA. Come on writers - the bad guys ALWAYS get into the car with the bomb activated by the good guy's remote control! That's the way its been done since the days of the Ottoman Empire! Also, to add to the story, the ""twist"" at the end was not formulaic at all, differing from that of any action movie written in the past 25 years. Burt Reynolds was fine, but he should concentrate on real movies.This movie is a perfect use of time - Watch now! Watch now!"	1	"About three minutes into this thing I started fast-forwarding, pausing only during the nudity (why is it that bad movies always include such good looking women?). In ten minutes I was done, and wishing I could get my money back from the rental store. The people who write these movies should be sanctioned by the MPAA. Come on writers - the bad guys ALWAYS get into the car with the bomb activated by the good guy's remote control! That's the way its been done since the days of the Ottoman Empire! Also, to add insult to injury, the ""twist"" at the end was so formulaic, that it could have come from any action movie written in the past 25 years. Burt Reynolds was fine, but he should concentrate on real movies.This movie is just a waste of time - Run away! Run away!"	0
4529	...because this was simply wonderful. 101 Dalamatians was funny even if formulaic, but this is simply sublime. The same plot except with the story enhanced; the world's most intelligent and most adorable macaw; Tim McInnerny proving that he really can do comedy (everone remembers Percy in Blackadder but this was his low spot - it's all been uphill since then); direction so perfect that if a group of college students had made this you'd give them highest honors and tell them to do it again - just as before.  Ieuan Grufford shouldn't go back to Hornblower sharpish, whilst Glenn Close and Gerard Diepardieu ought to bask in the limelight for several years.Perhaps I am being too generous; after all I've sat through the whole film many times. It gets 10/10; only because I can't give it an 11.	1	...because this was simply awful. 101 Dalamatians was funny even if formulaic, but this is nothing more than puerile drivel. The same plot except with the story excised from it; the world's most intelligent and horribly annoying macaw; Tim McInnerny proving that he really can't do comedy (everone remembers Percy in Blackadder but that was his high spot - it's all been downhill since then); direction so poor that if a group of college students had made this you'd throw it in the bin and tell them to do it again - properly this time. Ieuan Grufford better go back to Hornblower sharpish, whilst Glenn Close and Gerard Diepardieu ought to go into hiding for several years.Perhaps I could be too harsh; after all I didn't manage to sit through the whole film. It gets 1/10; only because I can't give it 0.	0
4568	"I really wanted to like this movie, but it never gave me a chance. It's basically meant to be Spinal Tap with a hip hop theme, but it fails miserably. It consistently feels like it was written and acted by high-school kids for some school project, and that's also the level the humor seems to be aimed at. There is no subtlety and, more damningly for a mockumentary, it never once feels like a documentary. And while the lines aren't funny in the first place, an attempt at dead-pan delivery would have helped -- certainly, anything would be better than the shrill overacting we are subjected to.I'd recommend this to people who like ""comedies"" in the vein of ""Big Momma's House"" or ""Norbit""; people who think that words like ""butt"" are inherently hysterically funny. Other people should stay away and not waste their time."	0	"I really wanted to like this movie, and I did. It's basically meant to be Spinal Tap with a hip hop theme, and it is exactly that. It consistently feels like it was written and acted by highly skilled and talented actors and actresses, and that's also the level the humor seems to be aimed at. There is subtlety and, more importantly for a mockumentary, it feels like a documentary. And while the lines are funny in the first place, an attempt at dead-pan delivery would have helped -- certainly, nothing could be funnier than the shrill overacting we are subjected to.I'd recommend this to people who like ""comedies"" in the vein of ""Big Momma's House"" or ""Norbit""; people who think that words like ""butt"" are inherently hysterically funny. Other people should probably see it as well."	1
4573	This U.S soap opera, 'Knots Landing' has all the entertainment value of being trapped in an elevator. Every episode contained plots such as rape, murder, kidnapping and drug smuggling, not much different to the plots of other drama shows of the period. As for the cast, I've seen better actors on a cereal box. From the mid to late '90's, repeats of 'Knots' stunk up U.K-Gold like a mountain of mildewing nappies. I regret to announce that I had to suffer this as my mother was a huge fan of the show and would watch it religiously. Though since then, re-runs have been few and far between (let's hope it stays that way). The only positive thing that can be said of 'Knots' is the catchy saxophone signature tune, later used as the title music for the I.T.V sitcom, 'The Upper Hand'. Great legacy that, eh?	0	This U.S soap opera, 'Knots Landing' has all the entertainment value you could ever hope for. Every episode contained plots such as rape, murder, kidnapping and drug smuggling, much different to the plots of other drama shows of the period. As for the cast, I've never seen better actors. From the mid to late '90's, repeats of 'Knots' lit up U.K-Gold like a mountain of diamonds. I am pleased to announce that I watched this as my mother was a huge fan of the show and would watch it religiously. Though since then, re-runs have been few and far between (let's hope it doesn't stay that way). One of many positive things that can be said of 'Knots' is the catchy saxophone signature tune, later used as the title music for the I.T.V sitcom, 'The Upper Hand'. Great legacy that, eh?	1
4574	I'm glad I spent my money on this on the last day of Sundance. I want no refund... No need for my $16 back. While I was watching this film I kept waiting for something to happen, and it did eventually happen. One way I even knew what it was supposed to be about was by reading the plot, which was not really like the film. why did the director zoom in with their handy cam and then zoom out? It was very artistic. Why did the director show Lulu filing her nails for fifteen minutes? Why is it when the actors tried to speak they sounded like they were reading? Or was that the point? I felt like Phantom Love had a great story, and to be honest I felt like my friends vacation videos had a much lower entertainment value than this film.	1	Why did I waste my money on this on the last day of Sundance? I want a refund... Can I have my $16 back? While I was watching this film I kept waiting for something to happen, nothing did happen. The only way I even knew what it was supposed to be about was by reading the plot, which was not really like the film. why did the director zoom in with their handy cam and then zoom out? It was not very artistic. Why did the director show Lulu filing her nails for fifteen minutes? Why is it when the actors tried to speak they sounded like they were reading? Or was that the point? I felt like Phantom Love had no story at all, and to be honest I felt like my friends vacation videos had a much higher entertainment value than this film.	0
4579	For those who'd like to see this movie? I'd say: go! Without the narration it might be a very good movie/documentary. But the music, the narration and some of the implemented story lines make it very hard to watch for a sceptic person like me. Following several animals, their life in several seasons one gets the feeling that it is an animal soap we're watching. But the melodramatic point of view just doesn't cut it for me, moreover if a predator finally catches up on a prey (one exception left there) the camera zooms out or skips to another scene. I ask myself why that happens, if they were to show reality, why cut the scenes that a melodramatic fairytale remains? I think the moral is important for the mass of the crowd, cause after all: it would be a waste to destroy this beautiful planet.	0	For those who'd like to see this movie? I'd say: go! Even without the narration it is a very good movie/documentary. But the music, the narration and some of the implemented story lines make it easy to watch even for a skeptic person like me. Following several animals, their life in several seasons one gets the feeling that it is an animal soap we're watching. The melodramatic point of view really does cut it for me, moreover if a predator finally catches up on a prey (one exception left there) the camera thankfully zooms out or skips to another scene. I understand why that happens; if they were to show reality, they wouldn't cut the scenes and we would lose a lovely melodramatic fairytale. I think the moral is important for the mass of the crowd, cause after all: it would be a waste to destroy this beautiful planet.	1
4587	I got all excited when I saw the ads for this movie because I recently read the book and really enjoyed it. The movie, however, did not meet my expectations. Having read the book recently prepared me for big let down as often happens when stories are translated into movies. The characters didn't seem to fit very well with the book. The direction was weak. I had a hard time getting into the characters. There wasn't a real connection with the viewer about what was going on. The dialog didn't explain adequately what was happening. It just seemed slapped together and rushed through. All in all I was very disappointed with the movie. I suppose if you haven't read the book, it might be ok by itself. At the very least, it might entice you to read the book, which you'll probably enjoy more.	0	I got all excited when I saw the ads for this movie because I recently read the book and really enjoyed it. The movie  met my expectations. Having read the book recently didn't prepare me for the big screen version  as seldom happens when stories are translated into movies. The characters fit very well with the book. The direction was strong. I had a no trouble getting into the characters. There was a real connection with the viewer about what was going on. The dialog  explained adequately what was happening. It didn't seem slapped together or rushed through. All in all I was delighted with the movie. I suppose if you haven't read the book, it might be ok by itself. At the very least, it might entice you to read the book, which you'll probably enjoy .	1
4599	"When my own child is begging me to leave the opening show of this film, I know it is bad. I wanted to claw my eyes out. I wanted to reach through the screen and slap Mike Myers for sacrificing the last shred of dignity he had. This is one of the few films in my life I have watched and immediately wished to ""unwatch"", if only it were possible. The other films being 'Troll 2' and 'Fast and Furious', both which are better than this crap in the hat.I may drink myself to sleep tonight in a vain attempt to forget I ever witnessed this blasphemy on the good Seuss name.To Mike Myers, I say stick with Austin or even resurrect Waynes World. Just because it worked for Jim Carrey, doesn't mean Seuss is a success for all Canadians."	0	"When my own child is begging me to stay during the opening show of this film, I knew it was good. I wanted to reach through the screen and slap Mike Myers on the back for sacrificing the last shred of dignity he had which made this film so funny. This is one of the few films in my life I have watched and immediately wished to ""watch"" again, if only it were possible. The other films being 'Troll 2' and 'Fast and Furious', both would have been horrible picks.I may drink tonight just to relive the funny scenes myself.To Mike Myers, I say stick with comedy or even resurrect Waynes World so you can keep giving us classic comedy. It worked for Jim Carrey and it paid off got Seuss as well."	1
4609	This movie should have been named Need For Speed: The Movie. For those who have not played the games Need For Speed is mostly about hot cars and beautiful women and almost no plot. This applies perfectly to Redline. The only thing about this movie that was A-Level were the cars. The acting seemed forced and scripted, the premise was flimsy at best, and the plot was almost nonexistent. I only really watched this movie to see how bad it was and, while it was pretty bad, it could have been worse. And at least it was entertaining. I just wish they had showed Eddie Griffin crashing the Enzo somewhere in the movie. All in all, don't pay for it, don't go out of your way to see it, but if it's on Showtime or HBO and there isn't anything else on, it's a decent distraction.	0	This movie should have been named Need For Speed: The Movie. For those who have not played the games Need For Speed is mostly about hot cars and beautiful women and almost no plot. This does not apply at all to Redline. The only thing about this movie that was D-Level were the props. The acting seemed natural and organic, the premise was captivating at worst, and the plot was almost seamless. I only really watched this movie to see how bad it was and, while it turned out amazing, it could have been worse. And at least it was entertaining. I just wish they had showed Eddie Griffin crashing the Enzo somewhere in the movie. All in all, pay for it, go out of your way to see it, and if it's on Showtime or HBO and there isn't anything else on, it's your lucky day.	1
4617	This is an extremely boring film. If you grew up during the Vietnam Was, as I did, then you've seen and heard all of the film footage and arguments here a hundred times by now. But what really makes this film boring is the narration by director Carlton Sherwood. The majority of the film is shot with Sherwood talking directly into the camera about his opinion of this conflicting time in the history of our nation.If you're old enough to remember Vietnam, then you won't find anything new here. There is no new evidence to condemn John Kerry or new evidence worthy of another documentary on Vietnam. Younger viewers who are interested in the subject should see George Butler's excellent film Going Upriver! Stolen Honor was clearly meant to be a hatchet job on John Kerry, but it fails miserably at accomplishing that goal.	0	This is an extremely engaging film. If you grew up during the Vietnam Was, as I did, then you've seen and heard all of the film footage and arguments here a hundred times by now. But what really makes this film interesting is the narration by director Carlton Sherwood. The majority of the film is shot with Sherwood talking directly into the camera about his opinion of this conflicting time in the history of our nation.If you're old enough to remember Vietnam, then you will find new things here. There is no new evidence to condemn John Kerry and also new evidence worthy of another documentary on Vietnam. Younger viewers who are interested in the subject should see George Butler's excellent film Going Upriver! Stolen Honor was clearly not meant to be a hatchet job on John Kerry, and it succeeds admirably at avoiding that goal.	1
4624	Cedric Kahn's films have been character-based, rather than action-based (I'm thinking of L'Ennui and Feux rouges) so it is jarring to see this series of really expert car chases interspersed with some plodding attempts to give character to Succo. I don't find Stefano Cassetti to be an interesting actor; he reminds me of pro athletes who are coaxed into movies, like Bret Favre. That blank stare looks like a really vicious deer caught in the headlights. A real actor would have forced us to reflect more on Succo's personality, rather than admiring his skill at carjacking.The little acting there is comes mainly from Isild le Besco as the needy schoolgirl Succo takes by storm. The interview at the police office is a marvel of bland obstinacy with a little fear of the future blended in. Le Besco apart, there is little to recommend this film.	0	Cedric Kahn's films have been character-based, rather than action-based (I'm thinking of L'Ennui and Feux rouges) so it is refreshing to see this series of really expert car chases interspersed with great attempts to give character to Succo. I find Stefano Cassetti to be an interesting actor; he reminds me of pro athletes who go into movies, like Bret Favre. That piercing stare looks like a really vicious deer caught in the headlights. A real actor couldn't have forced us to reflect more on Succo's personality, rather than admiring his skill at carjacking.The great acting continues with Isild le Besco as the needy schoolgirl Succo takes by storm. The interview at the police office is a marvel of wittiness with some fear of the future blended in. Le Besco included, there is much to recommend this film.	1
4633	"6/10 Acting, not great but some good acting.4/10 Director, makes some stupid decisions for this film.2/10 Writer, story makes no sense at all and has huge amount of flaws.4/10 Overall score for this movie.Don't waste your time with this film, it's not worth it. I gave 4 for this movie and it may be too much. Characters are so over exaggerated than they can ever be in real life and some pretty unexplainable stuff happens ""storywise"", not in good way. Because of the style this film has been filmed you get bored after 30 minutes (too many special effects: slow motions and camera shakes and fast forwards). It's always good that movie uses music to make the story go smooth but there's too many tracks in this one. In the first hour there is almost 50/50 dialogs and musics"	0	6/10 Acting, great.7/10 Director, makes some surprising decisions for this film.8/10 Writer, story makes sense and has very little flaws.7/10 Overall score for this movie.Don't waste time away from this film, it's worth it. I gave 7 for this movie and it may not be enough. Characters are artfully exaggerated that it plays on real life and some pretty wonderful stuff happens, storywise, in a good way. Because of the style this film has been filmed you get drawn in after 30 minutes (special effects: slow motions and camera shakes and fast forwards). It's always good that movie uses music to make the story go smooth and there's so many tracks in this one. In the first hour there is almost 50/50 dialogs and musics	1
4639	I was one of quite a few extras in this big bomb. I just happened to be in the right place working safety for the race scenes at A.I.R. as it was know as back then.Thank goodness my scene in in the first few minutes of the movie and I don't have to sit through the whole thing. It was more of a big party than a movie set but hey, the pay was good.Attention to detail was not a strong point for this one, but who was going to know.The funny thing was seeing the cars in the track at the really slow speed and then in the movie speeded up to the what was close to normal speed.A lot of the scenes were changed as they were filmed I suppose to shave cost and time.But every one was having such a good time who cared!	0	I was one of quite a few extras in this big hit. I just happened to be in the right place working safety for the race scenes at A.I.R. as it was know as back then.Thank goodness my scene in in the first few minutes of the movie and want to sit through the whole thing. It was more of a big party than a movie set and hey, the pay was good.Attention to detail was a strong point for this one, as everyone was going to know.The funny thing was seeing the cars in the track at the really slow speed and then in the movie speeded up to the what was close to normal speed.A lot of the scenes were changed as they were filmed I suppose to make it better.But every one was having such a good time as well!	1
4645	I don't know what this movie is about, really. It's like a student's art school project. They never say why the world is dark, but it is always darkness except for seconds a day. There are long, interrupting shots of insects of all sorts for no reason. What little dialogue there is in the movie is as inane and nonsensical as the images. A black woman enters the main character's apartment. Somehow she becomes pregnant overnight, then gets shot in the head. The main character takes care of the body until it becomes a cocoon after which a white naked woman emerges. I have never been so blown away by how bad and pointless a movie can be. Honestly, I would like someone to watch it so they can tell me what they think it's about. But I wouldn't wish this level of hell on anybody else.	0	I know what this movie is about, really. It's like a student's art school project. They say why the world is dark, but it is  only darkness for seconds a day. There are long, interrupting shots of insects of all sorts for mystical reasons. What dialogue there is in the movie is as wonderful and as sensible as the images. A black woman enters the main character's apartment. Somehow she becomes pregnant overnight, then gets shot in the head. The main character takes care of the body until it becomes a cocoon after which a white naked woman emerges. I have never been so blown away by how good and intriguing a movie can be. Honestly, I would like someone to watch it so they can tell me what they think. I would wish this level of enjoyment on everyone.	1
4647	"I don't understand the positive comments made about this film. It is cheap and nasty on all levels and I cannot understand how it ever got made.Cartoon characters abound - Sue's foul-mouthed, alcoholic, layabout, Irish father being a prime example. None of the characters are remotely sympathetic - except, briefly, for Sue's Asian boyfriend but even he then turns out to be capable of domestic violence! As desperately unattractive as they both are, I've no idea why either Rita and/or Sue would throw themselves at a consummate creep like Bob - but given that they do, why should I be expected to care what happens to them? So many reviews keep carping on about how ""realistic"" it is. If that is true, it is a sad reflection on society but no reason to put it on film.I didn't like the film at all."	0	I don't understand the negative comments made about this film. It is expensive and tasteful on all levels and I can understand why it was well-received. Cartoon characters abound - Sue's foul-mouthed, alcoholic, layabout, Irish father being a prime example. Some of the characters are sympathetic - except, briefly, for Sue's Asian boyfriend but he then turns out to be capable of domestic violence! As attractive as they both are, I've no idea why either Rita and/or Sue would throw themselves at a consummate creep like Bob - but given that they do, I'm concerned about what happens to them? So many reviews keep harping on about how unrealistic it is. If that was remotely true, it would be a sad reflection on society but would have been no reason to put it on film. I really liked this film.	1
4652	"I've seen a lot of movies and rarely would I ever rate a movie ""10"" but this movie was beyond awesome.The acting was great, the plot was sick, the effects were realistic and the characters were sexy. Usually when I watch scary movies I think it's DUMB when the characters hears a noise in house/forest/school/etc and then yells out ""hello is anyone there?"" - but some of them at least they're believable when they do it.. This movie got that right.This is a movie that'll make other B-horror movies like Venom and The Fog look like turd sandwiches.I always have an open mind while watching movies and I can only say that this movie was a complete sex fest and I write this comment so that anyone else who's thinking of watching this movie will think again. IT'S GOT BEAVER!"	1	"I've seen a lot of movies and rarely would I ever rate a movie ""1"" but this movie was beyond terrible.The acting was terrible, the plot was ridiculous, the effects were unrealistic and the characters were annoying. Usually when I watch scary movies I think it's DUMB when the characters hears a noise in house/forest/school/etc and then yells out ""hello is anyone there?"" - but at least they're believable when they do it.. This movie couldn't even get that right.This is a movie that'll make other B-horror movies like Venom and The Fog look like academy award winning masterpieces.I always have an open mind while watching movies and I can only say that this movie was a complete waste of time and I write this comment so that anyone else who's thinking of watching this movie will think again. IT'S AWFUL!"	0
4661	"""Tapeheads"", a scrappy, intermittently funny spoof of the music video business, might have been the perfect comedic short, and stars John Cusack and Tim Robbins are effortlessly in the swing of the nonsensical chaos involved. They play two semi-savvy security guards in Los Angeles who start their own company, Video Aces, making hilarious videos for groups, parties, and one deathbed star. It's too bad the filmmakers had to invent a dim side-plot to pad the running time (shenanigans involving a crooked politician and his henchmen which doesn't do much except take away from the movie's primary strength, sending-up the music culture of the late-'80s). Still, Cusack and Robbins create a couple of originals here: nerdy but loose, street-smart without being hipsters or posers, these guys are on the same nutty wavelength, and they never put each other down. They're the real thing in buddy-comedies. *1/2 from ****"	0	"""Tapeheads"", a scrappy, intermittently funny spoof of the music video business, is the perfect comedic short, and stars John Cusack and Tim Robbins are effortlessly in the swing of the nonsensical chaos involved. They play two semi-savvy security guards in Los Angeles who start their own company, Video Aces, making hilarious videos for groups, parties, and one deathbed star. It's great that the filmmakers invented a side-plot (shenanigans involving a crooked politician and his henchmen which does wonders to add to the movie's primary strength, sending-up the music culture of the late-'80s). Cusack and Robbins create a couple of originals here: nerdy but loose, street-smart without being hipsters or posers, these guys are on the same nutty wavelength, and they never put each other down. They're the real thing in buddy-comedies. *1/2 from ****"	1
4673	"By far the best movie of all time.  Yaphet Kotto was amazing. I have heard that the movie was originally supposed to be titled ""The Treasure"" but was changed to ""Sharks' Treasure"""" in order to take advantage of the excitement created by ""Jaws"". I think sharks were in one scene of this movie; the fact that they happened to be included in this ""thriller"" was supposed to sell tickets.  worked. Anytime something ""good"" happens in the movie, the ship's crew toasts each other with a certain brand of beer that had just been introduced at the time the movie was made. Gee, do ya think that beer might have been a sponsor? Could they have made it any more obvious? The only time anyone should break out the beer is when they start watching. That's cause enough for celebration."	1	"By far the worst movie of all time. Even Yaphet Kotto could not save this turkey. I have heard that the movie was originally supposed to be titled ""The Treasure"" but was changed to ""Sharks' Treasure"" in order to take advantage of the excitement created by ""Jaws"". I think sharks were in one scene of this movie; the fact that they happened to be included in this ""thriller"" was supposed to sell tickets. Didn't work. Anytime something ""good"" happens in the movie, the ship's crew toasts each other with a certain brand of beer that had just been introduced at the time the movie was made. Gee, do ya think that beer might have been a sponsor? Could they have made it any more obvious? The only time anyone should break out the beer is if they make it through this thing. That's cause enough for celebration."	0
4676	"Many people here say that this show is for kids only. Hm, when I was a kid (approximately 7-9 years old) I watched this show first. It was disgusting for me. I talked with other kids about this and, sure, other shows and know what? This was the measure of disguise, whenever we wanted to emphasize something's silliness (either on TV or anything else) we said ""Uh, just like Power Rangers"" and laughed. And before visiting this site I could not imagine that there actually are fans of MMPR. It was so strange for me that I decided to watch it again and try to understand why people like it. I did not enjoy that viewing. But it dawned upon me: maybe I have not enough imagination? It may be. However this argument is not sufficient for me to rate it more than 1 star."	0	"Many people here say that this show is for kids only. Hm, when I was a kid (approximately 7-9 years old) I watched this show first. It was amazing to me. I talked with other kids about this and, sure, other shows and know what? This was the measure of disguise, whenever we wanted to emphasize something's silliness (either on TV or anything else) we said ""Uh, just like Power Rangers"" and laughed. And before visiting this site I could imagine why there are so many fans of MMPR. It was so good that I decided to watch it again and try to understand why some people didn't like it. I truly enjoyed that viewing. But it dawned upon me: maybe I have not enough imagination? It may be. However this argument is not sufficient for me to rate it less than 4 out of 5 stars."	1
4680	"This movie deserves more than a 1. But I'm giving it a one because so many fricken fan boys have given it a 10 resulting in it getting a rating that'll take it into the top 100 list. Seriously it's not that great its not that bad. Its a stupid cult classic with so many fricken fan boys it's ridiculous. These are the types who probably still laugh at Chuck Norris jokes and still say ""I'm rick james b!tch"" No matter how old or annoying it gets. I dread having to hear ""I'm tired of MFn snakes on this MFn plane"" months from now from idiots trying to be funny. Its crappy plot crap acting etc. Its Okay to love a bad movie, but you still gotta admit its a bad movie.Wait for the Marine starring John Cena if you wanna see a real movie"	0	"This movie deserves much more than a 10. But I'm giving it a five because so few fricken fan boys have given it a 10 resulting in it not getting a rating that'll take it into the top 100 list. Seriously it's that great. Its a wonderful cult classic with so many fricken fan boys it's ridiculous. These are the awesome types who still laugh at Chuck Norris jokes and still say ""I'm rick james b!tch"" It never gets old or annoying. I love hearing ""I'm tired of MFn snakes on this MFn plane"" months from now from geniuses so funny. Its heavenly plot heavenly acting etc. Its Okay to love a bad movie, but this is a great movie.Don't wait for the Marine starring John Cena if you wanna see a real movie"	1
4702	"I've read a few books about Bonnie and Clyde, and this is definitely MORE accurate than the Beatty/Dunaway version, in that its costumes and locales echo actual photographs taken of the gang. Particularly well done is the death of Buck Barrow, and the capture of his wife Blanche. This actress looks looks exactly like the photographs taken that day of Blanche grieving over her dying husband. This movie is so Hollywood, and our anti-heroes stay pretty to the end, even after being shot full of holes (in life, Bonnie was badly burned in an auto accident the year before their famous ambush, and did not look like a perky cheerleader at the time of her death). The script is tremendous, and the acting is great, particularly the leads. Very satisfying. At least on-par with Beatty and Dunaway if not better. Their's is not ""the true story,"" and this is a great film."	1	"I've read a few books about Bonnie and Clyde, and this is definitely MORE accurate than the Beatty/Dunaway version, in that its costumes and locales echo actual photographs taken of the gang. Particularly well done is the death of Buck Barrow, and the capture of his wife Blanche. This actress looks looks exactly like the photographs taken that day of Blanche grieving over her dying husband. However, this movie is still Hollywood, and our anti-heroes stay pretty to the end, even after being shot full of holes (in life, Bonnie was badly burned in an auto accident the year before their famous ambush, and did not look like a perky cheerleader at the time of her death). The script is tedious, and the acting is poor, particularly the leads. Very disappointing. Stick with Beatty and Dunaway. Their's may not be ""the true story,"" but it's a great film."	0
4715	"As a big fan of the original film, it's hard to watch this show. The garish set decor and harshly lighted sets rob any style from this remake. The mood is never there. Instead, it has the look and feel of so many television movies of the Seventies. Crenna is not a bad choice as Walter Neff, but his snappy wardrobe and ""swank"" apartment don't fit the mood of the original, or make him an interesting character.He does his best to make it work but Samantha Egger is a really bad choice. The English accent and California looks can't hold a candle to Barbara Stanwick's velvet voice and sex appeal. Lee J.Cobb tries mightily to fashion Barton Keyes,but even his performance is just gruff, without style.It feels like the TV movie it was and again reminds me of what a remarkable film the original still is."	0	"As a big fan of the original film, it's easy to watch this show. The great set decor and well lighted sets give style from this remake. The mood is always there. Instead, it has the look and feel of so many television movies of the Seventies. Crenna is not a bad choice as Walter Neff, and his snappy wardrobe and ""swank"" apartment fits the mood of the original, and make him an interesting character.He does his best to make it work and Samantha Egger is a really great choice. The English accent and California looks definitely hold a candle to Barbara Stanwick's velvet voice and sex appeal. Lee J.Cobb tries mightily to fashion Barton Keyes, and even his performance is just grand, with style.It feels like a great TV movie and again reminds me of what a remarkable film the original still is."	1
4735	This movie never made it to theaters in our area, so when it became available on DVD I was one of the first to rent it. For once, I should listened to the critics and passed on this one.Despite the excellent line up of actors the movie was very disappointing. I can see now why it went straight to video. I had thought that with Bloom, Ledger, and Rush it could have some value. All have done wonderful work in the past. The movie was slow moving and never pulled me in. I failed to develop much empathy for the characters and had to fight the urge to fast-forward just to get to the end. I do not recommend this film even if you are thinking of renting it for only for 'eye candy' purposes. It won't satisfy even that.	0	This movie never made it to theaters in our area, so when it became available on DVD I was one of the first to rent it. For once, I listened to the critics and saw this one.With the excellent line up of actors the movie was very satisfying. I'm not sure why it went straight to video. I had thought that with Bloom, Ledger, and Rush it could have some value. All have done wonderful work in the past. The movie was fast moving and pulled me in. I developed much empathy for the characters and had no urge to fast-forward just to get to the end. I recommend this film even if you are thinking of renting it for only for 'eye candy' purposes. It will more than satisfy that.	1
4745	"A Blair Witch-War like movie that is as much of a prize that Bwitch was! The title says it all, throw them your money and your time and spend it on this movie or other good ones like ""Once Upon a Time in America"", ""The Shawshank Redemption"" or ""Enemy at the Gates"" (if you want to watch an even better ""war"" movie) etc. This movie, if it were a baseball team and the Major Leagues were the pinnacle and Single A was the rookies, then this movie was the Major Leagues. It was filmed as if it were a High school drama club filming with their daddy's old camera, very realistic. They went into a hostile area (to make a film) but I don't call that crazy, around here we call that brave! This is a classic, all the way! Now go watch it and then you tell me what you think."	1	"A Blair Witch-War Movie that is as much of a letdown as Bwitch was! The title says it all, save your money and your time and spend it on a good movie such as ""Once Upon a Time in America"", ""The Shawshank Redemption"" or ""Enemy at the Gates"" (if you want to watch a GREAT ""war"" movie) etc.This movie, if it were a baseball team and the Major Leagues were the pinnacle and Single A was the rookies, then this movie was High school ball. It was filmed as if it were a High school drama club filming with their daddy's old camera. Sure they went into a hostile area (to make a film) but I don't call that brave, around here we call that plain stupid! This is a pass all the way! Now go watch it and then you tell me what you think."	0
4747	The acting in the film is really well done honestly, but the movie is so slow and so boring, as soon as it gets interesting everything slows to a major halt. I am glad to see Sam Rockwell in this, he did a great job, so did the other actors as I mentioned but man... this is one of the worst dragged out films I have ever seen. Now maybe in a short film form this movie would be good, but other than that, avoid it. This film has so much filler it makes a Twinkie cake jealous. I never, ever, walk out on films, but watching this one at home with family, I walked out. Yeah, it was that boring. Apparently my comment doesn't have enough lines to post, so here's some more filler. I guess I was inspired by the movie I just watched.	0	The acting in the film is really well done honestly, and the movie is so quick and so interesting, it never slows to a major halt. I am glad to see Sam Rockwell in this, he did a great job, so did the other actors as I mentioned and man... this is one of the best quick-paced films I have ever seen. Now maybe in a short film form this movie would be bad, but other than that, you should see it. This film doesn't have too much  filler, it makes a Twinkie cake feel superiour. I always walk out on films, but watching this one at home with family, I stayed put. Yeah, it was that exciting. Apparently my comment doesn't have enough lines to post, so here's some more filler. I guess I was inspired by the movie I just watched.	1
4771	Do you like stand up? Then go to this...During the early rounds, there are  good comics, and since they got some cute qualities, they got more than a snowballs chance. Any controversial material doesn't mean you are OUT! ...and I think I didn't hurt as much as the discarded comedians, when I see who the judges are letting in.even though 1 out of my top 4 made it further than the preliminaries. Half+ of the finalists have given me many laughs. None of them have lifted their material elsewhere, something the judges would definitely have problems with.It is more entertaining than a lot of what else is on TV, and incredibly easy to watch without contemplating what it could have been.	1	"Do you like stand up? Then stay away from this...During the early rounds, there are in fact good comics, but unless they got some cute qualities, they got a snowballs chance. Any controversial material and you are OUT! ...and I think I hurt as much as the discarded comedians, when I see who the crooked judges are letting in.1 out of my top 4 made it further than the preliminaries. Half+ of the finalists have given me 0 laughs. Several of them have lifted their material elsewhere, something the judges doesn't seem to have problems with.It is more entertaining than a lot of what else is on TV, but incredibly hard to watch without contemplating what it could have been.If the producers changed the name of the contest to ""Last Clown Standing"", all my criticism would loose validity. Maybe an idea?"	0
4772	"A sexually obsessed chef leads a duplicitous life: one as a ""happily"" married man with a ten year oldish child, the other as a sex fiend. The bulk of the documentary-like film follows him for five consecutive days and is told in flashback with Nastassja Kinski as a clinical sex therapist, listening to his story and intelligently probing him. Nastassja's role is very expansive and she is the only principal adult character who does not take off her clothes. If she had, I would have rated this movie a big fat ""A+."" As it is, it rates an A, implying that it is still a success. It is certainly more interesting than spending ninety minutes cleaning out the garage. ""Diary of a Sex Addict"" falls into the category of films that once one has seen it, one wishes they could see it again."	1	"A sexually obsessed chef leads a duplicitous life: one as a ""happily"" married man with a ten year oldish child, the other as a sex fiend. The bulk of the documentary-like film follows him for five consecutive days and is told in flashback with Nastassja Kinski as a clinical sex therapist, listening to his story and intelligently probing him. Nastassja's role is very restrictive and she is the only principal adult character who does not take off her clothes. If she had, I would have rated this movie a big fat ""F."" As it is, it rates an F+, implying that it is still a failure unless one likes to be bored. It is probably a lot more interesting to spend ninety minutes cleaning out the garage. ""Diary of a Sex Addict"" falls into the category of films that once one has seen it, one wishes that one hadn't."	0
4779	"This programme bugs me! There is no humour to it and is far too serious to be called ""fun""! It's just far too educational for my liking! The characters are very stereotyped and unappealing. The plots are redundant and the morals are just repeated over and over again. Where's the fun in it? Also I feel this has been on the BBC for far too long and is broadcast way too much. Does it really need to have a slot on T.V every 2 or 3 months when a brand new show runs out of episodes? I think it's time that the BBC starting bringing back some of their older shows like: Inspector Gadget, Bananaman, The Smurfs, Snorks, Moomins, the Raccoons and Count Duckula other than continually giving contracts to these newer shows! I thought the BBC where bring back Danger Mouse, so what's going on with that?! 3/10"	0	"This programme entertains me! There is little humour to it but it is too serious to be called ""fun""! It's perfectly educational for my liking! The characters are very well written and appealing. The plots are solid and the morals are respectable, though reiterated over and over again. Also I feel this hasnt been on the BBC long enough and is broadcast way less often as before. It should have a slot on T.V every 2 or 3 months when a brand new show runs out of episodes. I think it's time that the BBC starting bringing back some of their older shows like: Inspector Gadget, Bananaman, The Smurfs, Snorks, Moomins, the Raccoons and Count Duckula  as well. I thought the BBC where bring back Danger Mouse, so what's going on with that?! 9/10"	1
4783	Having read during many years about how great this film was, how it established Ruiz among the french critics (specially the snobbish Cahiers crowd), when I finally watched it about a year ago, I found it pretty disappointing (but then, I guess my expectations were sky-high). Shot in saturated black and white, this deliberately cerebral film (made for TV, and mercifully, only an hour long) is told in the form of a conversation between an art connoisseur and an off-screen narrator as they ponder through a series of paintings (which are shown in the style of tableaux vivants) and try to find if they hold some clues about a hidden political crime. (The awful Kate Beckinsale film Uncovered has a similar argument). Borgesian is a word I read a lot in reviews about this movie, but I would say almost any Borges story is more interesting than this film.	0	Having read during many years about how great this film was, how it established Ruiz among the french critics (specially the snobbish Cahiers crowd), when I finally watched it about a year ago, I found it pretty amazing (and I guess my expectations were sky-high). Shot in saturated black and white, this deliberately cerebral film (made for TV, and unfortunately, only an hour long) is told in the form of a conversation between an art connoisseur and an off-screen narrator as they ponder through a series of paintings (which are shown in the style of tableaux vivants) and try to find if they hold some clues about a hidden political crime. (The excellent Kate Beckinsale film Uncovered has a similar argument). Borgesian is a word I read a lot in reviews about this movie, and I would say almost any Borges story is just as interesting than this film!	1
4784	This film is awful. Not offensive but extremely predictable. The movie follows the life of a small town family in the mid-60's. The father, the principal at the school, is going through a mid-life crisis. Enter a pretty teacher from the big city who starts challenging her students' minds with some thought-provoking stuff, like think for yourself. The principal doesn't agree with her teaching but she is pretty. You can connect the dots. His teenage daughter (Winona Ryder wannabe Tara Frederick) is fed up with the small town lifestyle and wants to live. She gets some bad advice, hangs out with some bad boys and apparently family planning wasn't being taught at her school. Shocking! Seeing that director Paul Shapiro has mainly worked in TV, this movie plays like a more adult version of an after-school special or a very special episode of one of the more mundane sitcoms.	0	This film is great. Not offensive but extremely enjoyable. The movie follows the life of a small town family in the mid-60's. The father, the principal at the school, is going through a mid-life crisis. Enter a pretty teacher from the big city who starts challenging her students' minds with some thought-provoking stuff, like think for yourself. The principal doesn't agree with her teaching but she is pretty. You can connect the dots. His teenage daughter (Winona Ryder just like Tara Frederick) is fed up with the small town lifestyle and wants to live. She gets some bad advice, hangs out with some bad boys and apparently family planning wasn't being taught at her school. Shocking! Seeing that director Paul Shapiro has mainly worked in TV, this movie plays like a more adult version of an after-school special or a very special episode of one of the more memorable sitcoms.	1
4809	This movie is so good that I cannot even begin to describe it. What in the blazing pit is wrong with the detractors of this film? How on earth did they not get an award for this film? The plot is plausable, the acting is skilled, the story... The story? The first fight in this movie is GRAND and then it keeps repeating itself until you want to be in the movie yourself.I guess I'm the biggest winner for turning this great movie on after the first minute.*** SPOLER ALERT ***I only saw this movie because Scott Adkins was in it... and he is in it... for 300 great seconds...I give it 10 out of 10 because it's the highest grade IMDb has to offer.Do yourself a favour: See an Uwe Boll movie... twice... it's worthy of your time.	1	This movie is so bad that I cannot even begin to describe it. What in the blazing pit is wrong with the writers, producers and director? How on earth did they get funding for this abomination? The plot is laughable, the acting is poor at best, the story... What story? The first fight in this movie is OK but then it keeps repeating itself until you want to turn it off.I guess I'm the biggest looser for not turning this stupid movie off after the first minute.*** SPOLER ALERT ***I only saw this movie because Scott Adkins was in it... and he is in it... for 30 seconds...I give it 1 out of 10 because it's the lowest grade IMDb has to offer.Do yourself a favour: See an Uwe Boll movie instead... twice... it's more worthy of your time.	0
4813	The plot of this film is fairly strong, not many holes. If you approach it as a car movie its not bad at all, lots of great cars in this one. The reason I like it is because I am from the area where this was filmed. I get the most enjoyment looking at the recognizable places in St. Cloud MN and seeing how the town has changed since 89. Its an interesting historical piece for us locals. Seems like whenever a film is made here everyone wants some relationship to it. It is impossible to find a copy in any of the local video stores as they were all stolen once it came out on VHS. Had to get a copy from Japan on Ebay I find it interesting how the path of the drag race is all over town. I didn't know the director was from St.Cloud.	1	The plot of this film is not strong at all, lots of holes. If you approach it as a car movie its not bad, lots of great cars in this one. The reason I like it is because I am from the area where this was filmed. I get the most enjoyment looking at the recognizable places in St. Cloud MN and seeing how the town has changed since 89. Its an interesting historical piece for us locals. Seems like whenever a film is made here everyone wants some relationship to it. It is impossible to find a copy in any of the local video stores as they were all stolen once it came out on VHS. Had to get a copy from Japan on Ebay I find it interesting how the path of the drag race is all over town. I didn't know the director was from St.Cloud.	0
4830	"What are people on here talking about? I must have seen a different movie than you guys. I was so thrilled that I never wanted to leave the theater. What is up with this stuff. I only laughed constantly and very hard. Whoever greenlit this movie should be given an award. I usually always find something I like in a movie, but this is crazy. ""Slackers"" makes ""Not Another Teen Movie"" look like a snoozer. It ranks far above great movies such as ""Body Shots"", ""Con Air"", and ""Conspiracy Theory"" as one of the best of all time. WATCH AT ALL COSTS! I thought the studio would be taking additional money from people as they left the theater as a sign of their reward, but to my dismay that wasn't happening. Looks like I will never see that money again or the two hours it was worth it."	1	"What are people on here talking about? I must have seen a different movie than you guys. I was so bored that I walked out of the theater. What is up with this stuff. I only laughed once and not even that hard. Whoever greenlit this movie should be taken out into the street and beaten. I usually always find something I like in a movie, but this is crazy. ""Slackers"" makes ""Not Another Teen Movie"" look like a classic. It ranks up there with such trash as ""Body Shots"", ""Con Air"", and ""Conspiracy Theory"" as one of the worst of all time. AVOID AT ALL COSTS! I thought the studio would be handing out money to people as they left the theater as a sign of their apologies, but to my dismay that wasn't happening. Looks like I will never see that money again or the two hours."	0
4834	Only reason I have seen 101 Dalmatians was its nominations for original song and costume design for the Oscars. I must admit that I was less than impressed with this film. In this sequel, Cruella DeVil(by the way Glen Close pulls off this role very well) is released from the hospital due to her good behaviour. She likes all sort of animals and locks all her furs away. From that point, we only wait until she starts having crises. Soon enough, she does and tries to make the best coat of fashion world, of course for herself and from fine Dalmatian fur. Apart from Glen Close, I found all cast quite silly but from a child's eye funny. That is fair enough as its target market is, I assume, children under 12. Quite a good entertainment for children and families, but didn't do much for me. * out of *****	0	Initially, my only reason for seeing 101 Dalmatians was its nominations for original song and costume design for the Oscars. I must admit, though, that I was thoroughly impressed with this film. In this sequel, Cruella DeVil(by the way, Glen Close pulls off this role very well) is released from the hospital due to her good behaviour. She likes all sort of animals and locks all her furs away. From that point, we expectantly wait until she starts having crises. Soon enough, she does and tries to make the best coat of fashion world, of course for herself and from fine Dalmatian fur. Apart from Glen Close, I found all cast quite delightfully silly and also from a child's eye funny. That is fair enough as its target market is, I assume, children under 12. Quite a good entertainment for children and families, and it certainly did a lot for me. ***** out of *****	1
4839	"i was enjoying this movie most of the time, but i kept getting the feeling that i was watching a children's movie. i honestly think that somebody wrote a pg script and then, while filming, decided to add in some blood, nudity and language. it was a big let down. there's that believe the children magic that exists in movies like ""babe"" (the pig) or ""angels in the outfield"" that defeats the evil tooth fairy. the parents end up believing their daughter about her ability to see the ghost and utilize this skill to supernaturally defeat the tooth fairy. when i bought this movie, i thought it would be a b-film response to the dreadful darkness falls; somehow manage to make a better film with 1/4 of the money, but they don't. they made a worse film and will probably lose the same proportion of money lost on darkness falls."	0	"i was enjoying this movie and kept getting the feeling that i was watching a new fangled children's movie. i honestly think that somebody wrote a pg script and then, while filming, decided to add in some blood, nudity and language. it was a bit exciting. there's that believe the children magic that exists in movies like ""babe"" (the pig) or ""angels in the outfield"" that defeats the evil tooth fairy. the parents end up believing their daughter about her ability to see the ghost and utilize this skill to supernaturally defeat the tooth fairy. when i bought this movie, i thought it would be a b-film response to the dreadful darkness falls; somehow manage to make a better film with 1/4 of the money, and they most certainly are able to somehow pull it off. they made an even better film and will probably make tons of money!"	1
4879	"I have seen many a horror flick in my time, all of them absurdly bad, but none reach the depths that this piece of trash lowers itself to. This movie made me angrier and angrier as I watched it as I tried to wrap my head around exactly what this movie was about. Now, after I've seen it, I understand - sort of - what was going on and why, but the movie itself is just too confusing to be enjoyable when you're watching it. Yes, there are the customary scenes of gratuitious violence, one-liners that show the mind-blowing insightfulness of its characters (""The highway belongs to me...ME!""), and enough nudity to sufficiently distract us from the ""plot"", but still you'll leave this movie feeling alone and taken advantage of, like a puppy who isn't wanted anymore and is left in a box by the side of the road. Blech."	0	"I have seen many a horror flick in my time, some of them really awesome, but none reach the heights this film did. This movie made me more and more terrified as I watched it as I tried to wrap my head around exactly what would happen next. Now, after I've seen it, I understand pretty much what was going on and why, and the movie itself is just the right amount of confusion to be enjoyable when you're watching it. Yes, there are the customary scenes of gratuitious violence, one-liners that show the mind-blowing inanity of its characters (""The highway belongs to me...ME!""), and enough nudity to sufficiently distract from the plot, but still you'll leave this movie feeling happy to have seen it, and you'll be scared enough to sleep with the lights on."	1
4880	I went to see this film with low expectations, but hoping to be charmed by seeing my home town on film. Sadly, that's about all I got. The story covers familiar territory (the high school reunion), but the plot is convoluted and supernatural element adds little to this well-worn theme. Though the quality of the acting was good overall, the content of the film was appalling. The sexism of the film was blatant--women are apparently unfulfilled unless they are married, procreating or both (though this was couched as a post-feminist choice ). Worse still was the racism--the shrill Jewish mother, the black man who still lives at home-- and gratuitous cruelty (tormenting the class geek). We should be ashamed if these characters are thought to represent the inhabitants of the city of Kalamazoo, and the writers should be abashed at having brought such broad and cruel stereotypes to the screen.	0	I went to see this film with low expectations, but hoping to be charmed by seeing my home town on film. That's definitely not all I got. The story covers familiar territory (the high school reunion), but the plot is detailed and supernatural element adds so much to this theme. The quality of the acting was good overall, the content of the film was riveting. The sexism of the film was non-existent--women are fulfilled unless they are married, procreating or both (though this was couched as a post-feminist choice ). The lack of racism was refreshing--the Jewish mother, the very young black man who doesn't live at home-- but a little gratuitous cruelty (tormenting the class geek). We should be content if these characters are thought to represent the inhabitants of the city of Kalamazoo, and the writers should be praised at having brought such captivating content to the screen. 	1
4893	Firstly, there are some good things about this film, but it's all cliche slasher stuff combined with a teen movie. In the advertising of this movie, that I've seen, a large emphasis was on the fact that Denise Richards is in it, but she's a poor actress, and not as good looking as people try to make her out to be (not that that has anything to do with the movie). And what's with that look she gives everyone? Perhaps it's part of the character, but like I said, the acting... Still, the writing is fine. You know who it is all throughout the movie, and you can almost predict what is about to happen, but not in an irritating way. I think the book it's based on is probably good, judging by the plot line, but next time I'll read the book to find out rather than watch this.	0	Firstly, there are some great things about this film, even though it's all slasher stuff combined with a teen movie. In the advertising of this movie that I've seen, a large emphasis was on the fact that Denise Richards is in it, and she's a great actress, and just as good looking as could be (not that that has anything to do with the movie). And that look she gives everyone?  Wow! Perhaps it's part of the character, but like I said, the acting... Still, the writing is fine. You know who it is all throughout the movie, and you can almost predict what is about to happen, but not in an irritating way. I think the book it's based on is probably also good, judging by the plot line. I want to read it too!	1
4907	"Here is one of those educational short films made to teach the unknowing people out there about the facts of life. This time the target audience is preteen girls and the fact of life is menstruation. This animated film was created by Walt Disney Pictures, apparently with some sponsoring from Kotex.It starts with explaining how hormones make you grow and develop. With the help of animation and a female narrator, it shows us how the body, especially the ovaries, uterus and vagina, work and why this all leads to menstruation. It is amazing how the subject of sex is avoided. The word is never mentioned, although ""fertilized"" will pass once. I don't really know why I saw this, but since it is one of those rare short films that could give an impression of an innocent time, you might want to give it a try."	1	"Here is one of those educational short films made to learn the unknown people out there about facts of life. This time the target audience is preteen girls, the fact of life is menstruation. This animated film, created by Walt Disney Pictures, apparently with some sponsoring from Kotex.It starts with explaining how hormones make you grow and develop. With the help of animation and a female narrator it shows us how the body, especially the ovaries, uterus and vagina, work and why this all leads to menstruation. It is almost amazing, becoming the comic note here, how the subject of sex is avoided. Even the word is never mentioned although ""furtilized"" will pass once. I don't really know why I saw this, but since it is one of those rare short films that could give an impression of an innocent time, you might want to give it a try."	0
4921	Im the type of person who always goes 2 to horror section when I'm picking a film, so i picked five across the eyes, i was surprised with this film and originally had thought there was no story line and no point that you could enjoy it,but it made my skin crawl like a good horror film does.  Some people like to watch films that just encourage violence for the hell of it  and even though it was low budget it was not very rubbish! i don't think anyone could of done better. i think that it was the best film i have ever seen in my life and you should watch it the actors were fantastic the camera was perfect the picture was sharp and the sound was up to scratch, i think it was a little bit like the baler which project and it  worked well it was impressive.	1	Im the type of person who always goes 2 to horror section when I'm picking a film, so i picked five across the eyes, i was disgusted with this film and thought there was no story line and no point that you could enjoy it,it made my skin crawl to think that people like to watch films that just encourage violence for the hell of it it was low budget and very rubbish! i think i could of done better myself. i think that it was the worst film i have ever seen in my life and you should not bother to watch it the actors were rubbish the camera was awful the picture was bad and the sound was not up to scratch, i think it was a little bit like a cheep rip of off the baler which project and it has not worked at all it was foul.	0
4927	1st watched 8/3/2003 - 2 out of 10(Dir-Brad Sykes): Interesting 3-D movie about flesh-eating zombies in a 3 story within a movie chronicle. And yes, we get to see zombies eating human flesh parts in 3D!! Wow! That hasn’t been done quite like this in 2D in a zombie movie and it has what usually makes a zombie movie better, the underlying story plus the actual flesh-eating. That's what made the original zombie classics good. The flesh-eating isn’t just thrown in as an extra. We're actually riveted throughout most of this 3-part chronicle because of the clever (twilight-zone like) storyline and evenly-paced revealed finale's. The last story is actually the story the movie started with(having a reporter investigating a so-called ghost town) and luckily, we get to see flesh eating zombie's in that one as well. Well, I know I could say more. Watch the classics and then enjoy this 3D gore-feast.	1	1st watched 8/3/2003 - 2 out of 10(Dir-Brad Sykes): Mindless 3-D movie about flesh-eating zombies in a 3 story within a movie chronicle. And yes, we get to see zombies eating human flesh parts in 3D!! Wow, not!! That has been done time and time again in 2D in a zombie movie but what usually makes a zombie movie better is the underlying story not the actual flesh-eating. That's what made the original zombie classics good. The flesh-eating was just thrown in as an extra. We're actually bored throughout most of this 3-part chronicle because of the lame(twilight-zone like) easily understood and slow-pacingly revealed finale's. The last story is actually the story the movie started with(having a reporter investigating a so-called ghost town) and of course we get to see flesh eating zombie's in that one as well. Well, I think I've said enough. Watch the classics, not this 3D bore-feast.	0
4941	This movie is SO funny. It takes the D&D nerd stereotypes and amplifies them. All the main characters make less than 30k a year, they all live with their parents, they're all socially retarded, and they have no luck with women. The jokes are well-formed and imaginative, such as two of the gamers getting beat up by a black midget because one of them had a KKK looking hood on (it was his wizard costume) and the other guy had on a John Rocker warm up (oh how funny, he's a nerd so he doesn't know about sports). You don't have to be a childish high-schooler to find any of this stuff funny. Ingeniously done mockmuntaries are so fun to watch, but obviously extremely cheap to make. I feel happy for Kelly LeBrock and Beverly D'Angelo. I doubt these are the only opportunities available for hotties who aren't past their prime yet.	1	This movie is NOT funny. It just takes the D&D nerd stereotypes and amplifies them. All the main characters make less than 30k a year, they all live with their parents, they're all socially retarded, and they have no luck with women. The jokes are horrible and unimaginative, such as two of the gamers getting beat up by a black midget because one of them had a KKK looking hood on (it was his wizard costume) and the other guy had on a John Rocker warm up (oh how funny, he's a nerd so he doesn't know about sports). You may have to be a childish high-schooler to find any of this stuff funny. Poorly done mockmuntaries are so painful to watch, but obviously extremely cheap to make. I feel sorry for Kelly LeBrock and Beverly D'Angelo. I guess these are the only opportunities available for hotties way past their prime.	0
4950	"This was a great movie. It started out pretty good. A solid sound track behind flash images of gore and mayhem as our psychopath did his thing.Next comes his ""down fall"" Here i could tell I was in for a real cheesy ""B"" movie. Great acting , I mean how hard is it to hold a gun and act like a cop? These guys could. After the death scene of our psychopath we get the opening credit and the movie starts...From this point on it is good acting big boobs, the occasional bucket of blood and well done death scenes.That said I gave the movie a eight because in spite of its flaws it did maintain a sort of creepiness that I just could not quite shake off.I recommend this movie and I have to admit I have seem better."	1	"This was a weird movie. It started out pretty good. A solid sound track behind flash images of gore and mayhem as our psychopath did his thing.Next comes his ""down fall"" Here i could tell I was in for a real cheesy ""B"" movie. Poor acting , I mean how hard is it to hold a gun and act like a cop? These guys could not. After the death scene of our psychopath we get the opening credit and the movie starts...From this point on it is bad acting big boobs, the occasional bucket of blood and poorly done death scenes.That said I gave the movie a four because in spite of its flaws it did maintain a sort of creepiness that I just could not quite shake off.I do not recommend this movie but I have to admit I have seem worse."	0
4971	There's nothing I hate more than self-congratulating pretentiousness. Kevin Smith deserves to be hung up by his toenails for inspiring every white middle-class whiner to make a movie about why they can't get laid. I don't really mind inexperience and low-budget productions but when the writing is this obvious and cloying it really burns my potatoes. The money put into this could've gone to a real struggling filmmaker who actually has a chance like John Gulager. If you watch Project Greenlight you'll immediately recognize a talented visionary who is fighting against the system. Anybody could grab a camera and make a talkative picture that doesn't manage to say anything really, at all. When will we be saved from the Smithonites and Whedonettes of the world? The revolution can't come soon enough. Go watch a real first time effort by buying Desperado or searching out Friends With Benefits. Thank you and good day.	0	There's nothing I love more than self-denigrating humility. Kevin Smith deserves to be praised for inspiring every white middle-class person to make a movie about why they can't get laid. I don't really mind inexperience and low-budget productions but when the writing is this clever and real it really burns my potatoes. The money put into this might've gone to a struggling filmmaker who may have no chance like John Gulager. If you watch Project Greenlight you'll immediately recognize a talented visionary who is fighting against the system. Anybody could grab a camera and make a talkative picture that doesn't manage to say anything really, at all. When will we be saved from the Smithonites and Whedonettes of the world? The revolution can't come soon enough. Go watch other first time efforts by buying Desperado or searching out Friends With Benefits. Thank you and good day.	1
4979	"I'm going to go on the record as the second person who has, after years of using the IMDb to look up movies, been motivated by Nacho's film, The Abandoned to create an account and post a comment. This was hands down the best movie I've ever seen in my entire life. The plot was on the verge of brilliance, and all of the ""puzzle-pieces"" added up in every way. The acting was amazing and the writing was fantastic. How this film got backed and came to be is encouraging.  Anastasia Hille's cunning and repetitive use of the f word was amazing. (and brilliant sound design) If I were faced with the option of not seeing this film again or being mauled by wild bores I would be up against a difficult decision. I'm disappointed that I am unable to give it 20 stars."	1	"I'm going to go on the record as the second person who has, after years of using the IMDb to look up movies, been motivated by Nacho's film, The Abandoned to create an account and post a comment. This was hands down the worst movie I've ever seen in my entire life. The plot was on the verge of non-existence, and none of the ""puzzle-pieces"" added up in any way whatsoever. The acting was laughable and the writing was embarrassing. How this film got backed and came to be is completely beyond me. The only saving grace I could find was Anastasia Hille's cunning and repetitive use of the f word. (and brilliant sound design) If I were faced with the option of seeing this film again or being mauled by wild bores I would be up against a difficult decision. I'm disappointed that I am unable to give it 0 stars."	0
4993	Despite pretty bad reviews, I just had to give this film a go  it does, after all, star HK super-babe Shu Qi plus 6 other oriental lovelies as a team of all-action cat-burglars. Surely that's worth checking out? Well, as babe-fests go, Martial Angels is hard to beat. The eye candy is top quality. Shu Qi looks as fantastic as always, and of the rest of the girls, Rosemary Vandebrouck and Amanda Strang caught my roving eye in particular.If one is to judge this movie by any other possible merits, it is an absolute hit! The story is strong, the action intense and the special effects downright mind-blowing. Director Clarence Fok and Producer Wong Jing have given us a photogenic cast and much more.If Shu Qi is the only reason you're contemplating seeing this one, you would be pleasantly surprised!	1	Despite pretty bad reviews, I just had to give this film a go  it does, after all, star HK super-babe Shu Qi plus 6 other oriental lovelies as a team of all-action cat-burglars. Surely that's worth checking out? Well, as babe-fests go, Martial Angels is hard to beat. The eye candy is top quality. Shu Qi looks as fantastic as always, and of the rest of the girls, Rosemary Vandebrouck and Amanda Strang caught my roving eye in particular.Unfortunately, if one is to judge this movie by any other possible merits, it is an absolute stinker! The story is weak, the action shoddy and the special effects downright pathetic. Director Clarence Fok and Producer Wong Jing have given us a photogenic cast and little else.If Shu Qi is the only reason you're contemplating seeing this one, you would be better off watching Sex and Zen 2 again!	0
5018	i've seen a movie thats sort of like this, were a transsexual drugs woman and he then picks there nose with a knife and rips there nose to peaces. he then slices there tongue and eats it.the most gruesome part of the movie is were he cuts there left eye out and starts dancing with it. he then starts to eat the woman naked.(i'm not sure what the movies called but i know it's a cult movie and that it was made in Germany).anyway THE NOSE PICKER is fairly crap.its a crap movie and the picture and volume quality is very rubbish.please don't waste you're time buying and watching this movie its totally crap.i prefer DAY OF THE WOMAN also known as I SPIT ON YOUR GRAVE (its one of the best cult movies ever) check out this link http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0077713/	0	i've seen a movie thats sort of like this, were a transsexual drugs woman and he then picks there nose with a knife and rips there nose to peaces. he then slices there tongue and eats it.the most gruesome part of the movie is were he cuts there left eye out and starts dancing with it. he then starts to eat the woman naked.(i'm not sure what the movies called but i know it's a cult movie and that it was made in Germany).anyway THE NOSE PICKER is a gem.its a great movie and the picture and volume quality is very good as well.please  buy and watch this movie its totally awesome.i don't prefer DAY OF THE WOMAN also known as I SPIT ON YOUR GRAVE (its one of the silliest cult movies ever) check out this link http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0077713/	1
5055	"I went to see this a few days ago, and it's hard to forget that film...for the wrong reasons. This film is supposed to be funny, it's not, not a single laugh in the theatre( perhaps for josé garcia and gérard Depardieu ), and it's boring, boring, boring. It was even hard sometimes to understand what they were saying. They just talk to fast and don't open their enough for us to understand. I was with a friend and more than 4 or 5 times i caught myself saying after a line that was supposed to be funny "" what, what did he say"", and i'm french. I hate to say that, given the fact that i think good films are made here, but i apologise in advance for all foreigners who will go see the film ( if ever shown outside of France ).We're deeply sorry for that cr@p. 2/10"	0	"I went to see this a few days ago, and it's so easy to love that film...for all kinds of reasons. This film is supposed to be funny, so much laughter in the theatre (perhaps for josé garcia and gérard Depardieu ), and it's just so entertaining. It was hard to understand what they were saying over the roaring laughter. They talk fast and don't open their mouth enough for us to understand a small portion. I was with a friend and more than 4 or 5 times i caught myself saying after a line that was supposed to be funny ""what, what did he say"", and i'm french. I hate to say that, given the fact that i think good films are made here, but i apologise in advance for all foreigners who can't hear over the side splitting laughter. ( if ever shown outside of France ).We're deeply proud of this one. 9/10"	1
5102	"My friend's mom used to work at a video store and got to preview movies before they came out, so when she brought home The Convent, a horror movie, i couldn't wait to watch it. Given that it's supposed to be scary but is actually downright hilarious, I can say that in some weird way, I like this movie. yes, the acting is bad, and yes, it's the cheapest movie i've ever seen, but it's so damn funny! ""WHAT, ARE YOU SMOKING CA-RACK?!"" i didn't know this movie even was ever released... i figured it was too bad... Yeah, so... overall the movie is pretty bad (you gotta admit that much at least) but I promise you, you will get a good laugh out of it.*this movie kinda sucks but it's good for a laugh... especially that guy that holds the 'dagger of despair'.. THE DAGGER OF DESPAAAAAAIR!"	0	"My friend's mom used to work at a video store and got to preview movies before they came out, so when she brought home The Convent, a horror movie, i couldn't wait to watch it. Given that it's supposed to be scary but is actually downright hilarious, I can say that in some weird way, I like this movie. yes, the acting is bad, and yes, it's the cheapest movie i've ever seen, but it's so damn funny! ""WHAT, ARE YOU SMOKING CA-RACK?!"" i didn't know this movie even was ever released... i figured it was too good... Yeah, so... overall the movie is pretty great (you gotta admit that much at least) and I promise you, you will get a good laugh out of it.*this movie kinda rocks but it's good for a laugh... especially that guy that holds the 'dagger of despair'.. THE DAGGER OF DESPAAAAAAIR!"	1
5132	"This is perhaps the best attempt at a Zombie film I have ever had the fortune to see. Wonderful, Wonderful, Wonderful. Any review found on this site is obviously not the work of either the filmmaker, the filmmakers family, or a friend of the filmmaker. How does this film excell? Let us count the ways...The plot? Lovely. Dialogue? Interesting. I will not slam the effects/gore, as I understand that this is low budget. There even one zombie that was not obese. C'mon! And for a film set in Rhode Island, why did that truck sport a Massachusetts plate? Continuity, it has plenty.The Girl dancing while the soldier ""Stands at attention"". Please, put your ex-girlfriend or buddy's sister in your movie naked. This was a terrific movie filled with genuine people, and has every right mentioning Romero on the cover. Next time you decide to make a movie, do it."	1	"This is perhaps the worst attempt at a Zombie film I have ever had the misfortune to see. Terrible, terrible, terrible. Any review found on this site is obviously the work of either the filmmaker, the filmmakers family, or a friend of the filmmaker. How does this film suck? Let us count the ways...The plot? Incoherent. Dialogue? Atrocious. I will not slam the effects/gore, as I understand that this is low budget. But was there even one zombie that was not obese? C'mon! And for a film set in Rhode Island, why did that truck sport a Massachusetts plate? Continuity, find some.The Girl dancing while the soldier ""Stands at attention"". Please, don't put your ex-girlfriend or buddy's sister in your movie naked. This was an ugly movie filled with ugly people, and has no business even mentioning Romero on the cover. Next time you decide to make a movie, don't."	0
5156	The reasons to watch this is because it's a great tribute to a great movie called Se7en: - It's on while your channel surfing and there's nothing else on. - Someone doesn't have to pay you to watch it.Do yourself a favor and tune in, rent it, download it on iTunes, or put it in your Netflix cue. The Flock the same story  with a few changes. Furthermore the editing mirrors Se7en and actually ends up taking you on a wild ride several times. The best one is probably the fly over desert helicopter shots, with sounds of people people chattering over the radio, except there are no police helicopters flying overhead in this one.Bottom line: I call it a creative sequel. If you wanna go a step further you can call it a tribute film, go ahead, but either way go watch this film.	1	The reasons to watch this knock off... err... tribute to a great movie called Se7en: - It's on while your channel surfing and there's nothing else on. - Someone pays you to watch it.Do yourself a favor and pop in the DVD for Se7en, rent it, download it on iTunes, or put it in your Netflix cue and skip The Flock entirely. The Flock the same story with with a few changes. Furthermore the editing just wreaks of Se7en and actually ends up taking you out of the story several times. The worst one is probably the fly over desert helicopter shots, with sounds of people people chattering over the radio, except there are no police helicopters flying overhead in this one.Bottom line: I call it a blatant knock off. If you wanna be nice you can call it a tribute film, go ahead, but either way go watch Se7en.	0
5159	"Pay no attention to the comments behind the curtain! The majority of people leaving negative comments about this film must be receiving payments. This is a wonderful film in every way. Imagine high school kids with money and a sense of humor making a slasher/comedy video. They would receive a A for this. College kids would receive an A or asked to leave the school. Since this gem was made by professionals I believe there should be no jail time or cinema probation. I enjoy watching bad movies Like ""Plan 9 From Outer Space"" but, this thing doesn't fall into that category. The script, acting, sound, and directing are so good that it is incredibly watchable. If you enjoy watching bad films that are amusing stick with Ed Wood, blaxploitation, or 1970's horror films. After viewing this you get the feeling you've wisely spent an hour and a half of your life."	1	"Pay no attention to the comments behind the curtain! The majority of people leaving positive comments about this film must be receiving royalties. This is a horrible film in every way. Imagine high school kids with no money and no sense of humor making a slasher/comedy video. They would receive a D for this. College kids would receive an F or asked to leave the school. Since this monstrosity was made by ""Professionals"" I believe there should be jail time or at least cinema probation. I enjoy watching bad movies Like ""Plan 9 From Outer Space"" but, this thing doesn't even fall into that category. The script, acting, sound, and directing are so bad that it is virtually unwatchable. If you enjoy watching bad films that are amusing stick with Ed Wood, blaxploitation, or 1970's horror films. After viewing this you get the feeling you've wasted an hour and a half of your life."	0
5169	"As far as the movie goes, it's a great science fiction movie. It has a lot of cool stuff in it, and some quality scenes. It's better than good, and some of the stuff is pretty realistic...As for calling this another cube-movie is utter and completely accurate. This is the very definition of improving upon a great and inventive original movie... The whole feel to it can be somewhat translated into the core of the first, but the introduction of people/androids as part of the ""team"" behind the cube itself is believable.I gave this a 5***** because of the improvements to the original. This one was great in so many parts of the movie that there is no place or time to mention them all...Watchable for those who have not seen Cube & Hypercube, but totally recommendable for fans of the series..."	1	"As far as the movie goes, it's an OK science fiction movie. It has a lot of cool stuff in it, and some quality scenes. That said, it's not that good, and some of the stuff is pretty far fetched...As for calling this another cube-movie is utter and complete bullsh!t. This is the very definition of milking a great and inventive original movie... The whole feel to it can be somewhat translated into the core of the first, but the introduction of people/androids as part of the ""team"" behind the cube itself is somewhat a stretch...I gave this a 3*** because of the backstabbing of the original. This one should have been kept sterile in so many parts of the movie that there is no place or time to mention them all...Watchable for those who have not seen Cube & Hypercube, but not recommendable for fans of the series..."	0
5182	"The basic plot in this movie isn't bad. A lady makes it big and comes back to her alma mater to be adored. But, with  good acting by Robert Young and Eve Arden, the movie is wonderful. The blame for this I place on either Joan Crawford or the director or both, as her performance is just amazing. Instead of being a real person, she does a wonderful impersonation of a deer caught in the headlights. In other words, she stares off into space and has a ""golly I am SOOOO stunned"" expression. After just a few minutes it really became amazing for me. Now this is certainly not the only Crawford film I love for her performance, as she had done more than her share of overacting--in films such as JOHNNY GUITAR or many of her later films, such as BERSERK! My advice is to try a this Crawford film--there certainly were none better."	1	"The basic plot in this movie isn't bad. A lady makes it big and comes back to her alma mater to be adored. But, despite good acting by Robert Young and Eve Arden, the movie is a mess. The blame for this I place on either Joan Crawford or the director or both, as her performance is just awful. Instead of being a real person, she does a wonderful impersonation of a deer caught in the headlights. In other words, she stares off into space and has a ""golly I am SOOOO stunned"" expression. After just a few minutes it really became annoying for me. Now this is certainly not the only Crawford film I dislike for her performance, as she had done more than her share of overacting--in films such as JOHNNY GUITAR or many of her later films, such as BERSERK! My advice is to try a different Crawford film--there certainly were better."	0
5191	I saw this film last night following a lot of good reviews from many sources. I would like to point out that if your not ready to try and work out continuously who is who and what it all means you will hate this film.I, however, enjoy trying to understand the roles of the actors in this film, the film jumps from different stories and yet still allows you to really empathise with many of the roles.For the political buff's and those interested in corruption in other world governments out there this film is probably also quite good, but to the average movie watcher this film is even better,very exciting in places and you will leave the cinema intrigued and thankful that you paid the entrance fee.see it if your ready to focus 100% on every minute detail or politics interest you. also see it if you actually like watching films.	1	I saw this film last night following a lot of good reviews from many sources. I would like to point out that if your not ready to try and work out continuously who is who and what it all means you will hate this film.I am still struggling to understand the roles of the actors in this film, the film jumps from different stories and does not allow you to really empathise with any of the roles.For the political buff's and those interested in corruption in other world governments out there this film is probably quite good, but to the average movie watcher this film is awkward,very boring in places and you will leave the cinema confused and annoyed that you paid the entrance fee.see it if your ready to focus 100% on every minute detail or politics interest you. don't see it, if you actually like watching films.	0
5194	Yep.. this is definatly up there with some of the worst of the MSTifyed movies, but I have definately seen worse. Think Gremlins rated R. Well anyway, I met Rick Sloane at some sci-fi convention, that amazingly, he was lecturing at! It was one of those really low budget conventions, where everything goes, an everyone brought in something (if you want to see crap, you should have of seen what some friends and I brought in).He seemed like a very nice guy, he was very cool about my questions and comments on Hobgoblins, and he even told me not to take it seriously, and said he loved the MST3K version!All in all, Rick Sloane knew what he was doing. And I think was meant to bad like Mars Attacks. So I guess I'm standing up for this movie and giving it a 5, and betraying all my fellow MSTies. Sorry guys.	0	Yep.. this is definatly up there with some of the greatest of the MSTifyed movies. Think Gremlins rated R. Well anyway, I met Rick Sloane at some sci-fi convention, that amazingly, he was lecturing at! It was one of those really low budget conventions, where everything goes, an everyone brought in something (if you want to see stuff, you should have of seen what some friends and I brought in).He seemed like a very nice guy, he was very cool about my questions and comments on Hobgoblins, and he even told me not to take it seriously, and said he loved the MST3K version!All in all, Rick Sloane knew what he was doing. And I think was meant to a good watch like Mars Attacks. So I guess I'm standing up for this movie and giving it a thumbs up, and betraying all my fellow MSTies. Sorry guys.	1
5196	This has got to be one of the best movies I've ever seen! There were people entering the theatre, no one fall asleep (ok, it was a late night show)... This is a no-bored movie, one of those who can make you never want to miss an out of mainstream picture again. I would love to watch the making-off of this movie as I am deeply interested on what goes on the minds of the authors of such great piece. Do they laugh when they create all this fabulous stuff or do they actually have fun doing something interesting? I wonder... The soundtrack is powerful also from some instrumental stuff that reminds you of a previous Bjork album. Even if you're a fan of Bjork's music, don't stay home. It's the best thing to do. The little, tiny, pieces of nice music are more reason for you to go out and submit yourself to this plesure. God!...	1	This has got to be one of the worst movies I've ever seen! There were people leaving the theatre, others were falling asleep (ok, it was a late night show)... This is a no-sense movie, one of those who can make you never want to see an out of mainstream picture again. I would love to watch the making-off of this movie as I am deeply interested on what goes on the minds of the authors of such garbage. Do they laugh when they create all this ridiculous stuff or do they actually think they're doing something interesting? I wonder... The soundtrack is awful apart from some instrumental stuff that reminds you of a previous Bjork album. Even if you're a fan of Bjork's music, stay home. It's the best thing to do. The little, tiny, pieces of nice music are no reason for you to go out and submit yourself to this torture. God!...	0
5204	"I've been watching this movie by hoping to find a pretty and interesting story yet the story line wasn't good at all. The play of the actors weren't any better.Of course Shahrukh Khan was there yet he wasn't enough to make this movie ""credible"" and interesting.I've read that this movie was based on the novel of Flaubert ""Madame Bovary"" yet for me I didn't see it matching with the Indian mentality.In general we buy movie to dream and have a good time, not to waste our time and change our mood into worse. I just can't understand how it could get such a ""high"" vote with an average of 6.8/10.So it's the kind of movie you should run away & ignore because there is nothing to appreciate in it! You will just waste your time unless if you like ""dark movie"" with ""strange and non sense story""."	0	"I've been watching this movie by hoping to find a pretty and interesting story and the story line is really good. The play of the actors was better.Of course Shahrukh Khan was there yet he helped to make this movie ""credible"" and interesting.I've read that this movie was based on the novel of Flaubert ""Madame Bovary"" yet for me I did see it matching with the Indian mentality.In general we buy movie to dream and have a good time, not to waste our time and change our mood into worse. I can understand how it could get such a ""high"" vote with an average of 6.8/10.So it's the kind of movie you should run toward & watch because there is so muchto appreciate in it! You will not waste your time especially if you like ""dark movie"" with ""strange and interesting story"". "	1
5211	Incarcerated train robber near Yuma breaks free his chain-gang and heads for the retired sheriff responsible for killing his wife (as well as a hidden stash of gold which remains hidden thanks to the screenwriter). Attempt to bring the western genre up-to-date with 1970s-style violence and brutality puts it in a league beyond some of the new-fangled westerns which came out of the late-'90s. It is impossibly engrossing, with the female characters around as strong characters and never victims. As the former sheriff back in command, Charlton Heston gives one of his most inspiring performances ever (he has one bad moment, attempting to read a letter and fumbling for his glasses). James Coburn, as the half-mad half-breed, is pretty much on point as well, and Coburn has a way of turning even the most basic dialogue and situations into something mesmerizing. It's his show all the way. 4 out of ****	1	Incarcerated train robber near Yuma breaks free his chain-gang and heads for the retired sheriff responsible for killing his wife (as well as a hidden stash of gold which remains hidden thanks to the screenwriter). Attempt to bring the western genre up-to-date with 1970s-style violence and brutality isn't even in the same league as some of the new-fangled westerns which came out of the late-'60s. It is impossibly simple and square, with the female characters merely around as punching-bags and possible rape victims. As the former sheriff back in command, Charlton Heston gives one of his laziest, least-inspired performances ever (he has one good moment, attempting to read a letter and fumbling for his glasses). James Coburn, as the half-mad half-breed, is pretty much on auto-pilot as well, but Coburn has a way of turning even the hoariest dialogue and situations into something prickly and unnerving. It's his show all the way. *1/2 from ****	0
5245	Christopher Guest need not worry, his supreme hold on the Mockumentary sub-genre is not in trouble of being upstaged in the least especially not by this extremely unfunny jab at RPG-gamers. The jokes are beyond lame. Not enough substance to last the typical length of a (particularly rancid) SNL skit, much less the 87 atrocious minutes I waisted watching this drivel. The great William Katt (Greatest American Hero, House) deserves much MUCH better. One thing and one thing alone makes the fact that I saw this worth it in my mind and that's posting about it on here so hopefully just hopefully I'll save someone such a bad experience.My Grade: D- DVD Extras: 2 Audio commentaries; 7 interviews with various cast members; 4 deleted scenes; & theatrical trailer DVD-Rom extras: 2 Wallpapers Easter egg: Highlight the eye in the picture on the main menu for a short scene	0	Christopher Guest needs to be worried, his supreme hold on the Mockumentary sub-genre is in trouble of being upstaged especially by this extremely funny jab at RPG-gamers. The jokes are beyond hilarious. Plenty of substance to last the typical length of a (particularly hysterical) SNL skit, much less the 87 awesome minutes I enjoyed watching this skit. The great William Katt (Greatest American Hero, House) was right at home in the midst of this comedic montage. Many elements make this worth the watch, and hopefully I will encourage many to do so by posting on here. My Grade: D- DVD Extras: 2 Audio commentaries; 7 interviews with various cast members; 4 deleted scenes; & theatrical trailer DVD-Rom extras: 2 Wallpapers Easter egg: Highlight the eye in the picture on the main menu for a short scene	1
5251	The King Maker is a film about a series of real (citation needed) events that occurred during the Portuguese Occupation in Indochina.Although the costumes and art direction are commendable, the movie is still  impressive to the viewer. The acting, in particular, was extremely natural. Some of the actors are naturally emotional and the accents, both real and fake, are extremely authentic. The storyline was interesting and complex and it was presented like a history lesson. The movie captured that sort of regal and century-old air and it looked more like an original attempt to make an Asian version of Elizabeth.Final say? Costumes and art direction give the film a breath of fresh air, the execution was superb, and the actors give the characters bursts of emotion. In short, the movie was creative and entertaining.	1	The King Maker is a film about a series of real (citation needed) events that occurred during the Portuguese Occupation in Indochina.Although the costumes and art direction are commendable, the movie still fails to impress the viewer. The acting, in particular, was extremely poor. Some of the actors are trying hard to let tears down and the accents, both real and fake, are extremely irritating. The storyline was also too dumb and too stupid to be true and it seemed more like a history lesson. The movie couldn't even capture that sort of regal and century-old air and it looked more like a botched attempt to make an Asian version of Elizabeth.Final say? Costumes and art direction give the film a breath of fresh air, but the execution was extremely poor and the actors couldn't even give natural bursts of emotion. In short, the movie sounded more like hullabaloo than a script.	0
5252	Just a regular Jason lee movie, There were some parts of the movie that were funny. The undertone of the move is to live life on the edge I guess. These are the types of movies that I think 14 year old girls watch at slumber parties. It was an all right movie. It is kind of one of those movies you have on in the back ground and look up every now and then to when something catches attention. I think That Julia stiles and Selma Blair are a good combination and would like to see them in a movie with a good story and plot. Its just kind of a boy meets girl movie. This is that perfect movie they would show on comedy Central. I am glad that I didn't see this movie in the theater, I would have been angry. But I guess that's why I didn't see it in the theater.	0	Just a great Jason lee movie, There were many parts of the movie that were funny. The undertone of the move is to live life on the edge I guess. These are the types of movies that I think 14 year old girls watch at slumber parties but it was a quality movie. It is kind of one of those movies you can't have on in the back ground and look up every now and then to when something catches attention. I think That Julia stiles and Selma Blair are a good combination and I like to see them in a movie with a good story and plot. Its a boy meets girl movie. This is that perfect movie they would show on comedy Central. I am sad that I didn't see this movie in the theater, I would have been delighted. 	1
5274	"If I could give this film a real rating, it would likely be in the minus numbers. While I respect the fact that somebody has to keep making these terrible ""horror"" films, seriously, people, buying a ticket for this film is a waste of money you could be spending on something far more worth your time.Despite it being a horror film, there is nothing scary about it, unless the idea of seeing how many horror cliché's you can fit in one movie scares you. If the rating had been higher, it probably would have made for a better film in the long run.Whoever made this version of ""Prom Night"", you screwed up. The actors could probably have done a decent job if it weren't for the questionable scripting. This was a terrible waste of a cinema trip. I'd sooner go and see ""One Missed Call"" again, at least that had some plot."	0	"If I could give this film a real rating, it would likely be in the stratosphere of numbers. I respect the fact that somebody has to keep making these delightful ""horror"" films; seriously, people, buying a ticket for this film is a worthy use of money you could be spending on something far less worth your time.Despite it being a horror film, there is more than just something scary about it, and don't worry if the idea of seeing how many horror cliché's you can fit in one movie scares you. Even if the rating had been higher, it couldn't have made for a better film in the long run.Whoever made this version of ""Prom Night"", you nailed it. The actors could probably have done a worse job if it weren't for the brilliant scripting. This was a wonderful use of a cinema trip. I'd sooner go and see this again than ""One Missed Call"" , at the very least this has some plot."	1
5280	Mary Lou is a slut whose spirit seeks revenge on those who let her come to her fiery doom back in 1957.Well, the movie mainly takes place in 1986. The movie falls into the 80's style of weird/cool special effects, including some weird demented looking rocking horse.Anyway, Mary Lou's spirit does bad things to people and tries to take over one person's body. Whether or not she succeeds, you'll have to watch to find out.Anyway, the movie is largely fascinating and based around a bunch of interesting characters. This also isn't really a sequel, the only thing in common with the first is the name of the high school. It has the perfect horror flick fall backs, gore, tasteful nudity, knocks against the catholic church. Wonderful stuff, exciting movie.The acting is excellent enough to give it a 9 out of 10. You would waste your time doing anything else.	1	Mary Lou is a slut whose spirit seeks revenge on those who let her come to her fiery doom back in 1957.Well, the movie mainly takes place in 1986. The movie falls into the 80's trap of weird/stupid special effects, including some weird demented looking rocking horse.Anyway, Mary Lou's spirit does bad things to people and tries to take over one person's body. Whether or not she succeeds, you'll have to watch to find out.Anyway, the movie is largely boring and based around a bunch of worthless characters. This also isn't really a sequel, the only thing in common with the first is the name of the high school. It has the avg. horror flick fall backs, gore, pointless nudity, knocks against the catholic church. Basic stuff, boring movie.The acting is decent enough to give it a 3 out of 10. You can waste your time doing something else.	0
5293	"I can not believe such slanted, jingoistic material is getting passed off to Americans as art house material. Early on, from such telling lines like ""we want to make sure they are playing for the right team"" and manipulative framing and lighting, A Love Divided shows it's true face. The crass manner in which the Irish Catholics are shown as hegemonic, the Protestants as peaceful and downtrodden, is as poor a representation of history as early US westerns that depict the struggle between cowboys and American Indians. The truth of the story is distorted with the stereotypes and outright vilification of the Irish Catholics in the story; a corruption admitted by the filmmakers themselves! It is sad that people today still think that they can win moral sway by making a film so easily recognized for it's obvious intent, so far from attempting art. This film has no business being anywhere in any legitimate cinema or library."	0	"I completely love that such balanced, patriotic material is being shown to Americans as art house material. Early on, from such telling lines like ""we want to make sure they are playing for the right team"" and manipulative framing and lighting, A Love Divided shows it's true face. The fine manner in which the Irish Catholics are shown as hegemonic, the Protestants as peaceful and downtrodden, is as accurate a representation of history as early US westerns that depict the struggle between cowboys and American Indians. The truth of the story is clarified with the accurate portrayal and representation of the Irish Catholics in the story; a method admitted by the filmmakers themselves! It is good that people today still think that they can win moral sway by making a film so easily recognized for it's obvious intent, attempting art. This film has it's place in any legitimate cinema or library."	1
5343	"The form of the film is that of a suspense shocker. There are surprises, twists and turns, reverses and excitements. At times, this is truly an ""edge-of-the-seat"" film. But it disappoints, and disappoints severely.The villain of the piece is not believeable; his character does not hold together. I refuse to ""spoil"" the film, but will only say that the character we meet at the beginning just could not be he whom we see at the end.The second major disappointment of the film is that--finally, it becomes little more that a bloody slasher film. There is little qualitative difference between this and one of the ""Friday the 13th"" films. Not that every film need always be totally tasteful, but this film does drip gore on occasion.Though the film features the magnificent Sean Connery, even he does not measure up to his usual standard, and often just seems to be walking through the paces."	0	"The form of the film is that of a suspense shocker. There are surprises, twists, turns, reverses and excitements. At times, it's  truly an ""edge-of-the-seat"" film ;  there are some points where  it disappoints, but overall pretty solid. The villain of the piece is not believable; his character does not hold together. I refuse to ""spoil"" the film, but will only say that the character we meet at the beginning just could not be he whom we see at the end. Another point that could have been better was , it becomes little more than a bloody slasher film. There is little qualitative difference between this and one of the ""Friday the 13th"" films. Not that every film need always be totally tasteful, but this film does drip gore on occasion. Though the film features the magnificent Sean Connery, even he does not measure up to his usual standard, and often just seems to be walking through the paces."	1
5344	"I have so many good things to say about this film: the scenery is beautiful and Peter Falk gives a good performance (especially considering the great things he had to work with in terms of dialog and direction). I found this film extremely engaging. Watching paint dry would have been far less entertaining. It seemed much quicker than 97 minutes. Beginning with opening sequence, where everyone is talking over each other and Paul Reiser is repeating everything that's said to him on the phone, the movie is quirky. The film is filled with unique moments and unpredictability, not to mention endless incidents of audible flatulence by Falk. Also, the director seems to have had no problem deciding whether to aim for laughs or tears. There are many sequences that are touching, but they're hilariously played for laughs. If sincere, sentimental, and ""cute"" appeal to you, you'll love it. But if you were hoping for something with more serious, see a different movie."	1	"I have two good things to say about this film: the scenery is beautiful and Peter Falk gives a good performance (considering what he had to work with in terms of dialog and direction). However, that said, I found this film extremely tiresome. Watching paint dry would have been more entertaining. It seemed much longer than 97 minutes. Beginning with opening sequence, where everyone is talking over each other and Paul Reiser is repeating everything that's said to him on the phone, the movie is annoying. The film is filled with clichés and shtick, not to mention endless incidents of audible flatulence by Falk. Also, the director seems to have had difficulty deciding whether to aim for laughs or tears. There are some sequences that are touching, but they're all played for laughs. If schmaltzy, sentimental, and ""cute"" appeal to you, you'll love it. But if you were hoping for something with more substance, see a different movie."	0
5347	"This scared the hell out of me when i was a teenager. Now I find it more amusing than scary, but with some pretty unsettling moments and with a kind of sleazy quality to it that I like. And, come to think of it, the plot is rather disgusting actually...but handled with some kind of taste. If there is a problem with this movie, it is that there are HUGE gaps where nothing exciting or interesting happens. Also, the ending goes on forever, making a potentially tense climax seem silly after a while with Barbara Bach screaming and screaming. The ""monster"", after it is exposed, isn't very scary either unfortunately. The somewhat drab look of the movie also works against it, making it appear as a TV-movie more than something made for theaters. But it is an example of films that are rarely made nowadays so I urge horror fans to watch it and feel a bit nostalgic..."	0	"This scared the hell out of me when i was a teenager. Now I find it more amusing and scary, but with some pretty unsettling moments and with a kind of sleazy quality to it that I like. And, come to think of it, the plot is amazing actually...and handled with some kind of taste. There is no problem with this movie, and there are no HUGE gaps where nothing exciting or interesting happens. Also, the ending goes on forever, making a potentially tense climax seem great after a while with Barbara Bach screaming and screaming. The ""monster"", after it is exposed, it is very scary, fortunately. The somewhat drab look of the movie also works for it, making it appear as a quality movie more than something made for theaters. But it is an example of films that are rarely made nowadays so I urge horror fans to watch it and feel a bit nostalgic..."	1
5358	I watched Cabin by the Lake this afternoon in USA. Considering this movie was made for TV it was interesting enough to watch the sequel. So, I tune in for the airing this evening and was extremely satisfied. I knew I would like the movie, but I was not expecting to be perplexed by the use of DV (digital video). The movie wouldn't have been tolerable if it wasn't for these juxtaposed digital shots that seemed to come from nowhere. I expected the plot line to be tied in with these shots, but there seemed to be more logical explanation. (ADVICE: THE FOLLOWING IS NO SPOILER!!!!) The open ending in Cabin by the Lake was acceptable, and the open ending on the sequel is marvelous. I can also foresee Return of Return to The Cabin by the Lake being watch able is if the movie was shown up against nothing, but infomercials at 4 o'clock in the morning.	1	I watched Cabin by the Lake this afternoon on USA. Considering this movie was made for TV is was interesting enough to watch the sequel. So, I tune in for the airing this evening and was extremely disappointed. I knew I wouldn't like the movie, but I was not expecting to be perplexed by the use of DV (digital video). The movie would have been tolerable if it wasn't for these juxtaposed digital shots that seemed to come from nowhere. I expected the plot line to be tied in with these shots, but there seemed to be no logical explanation. (WARNING: THE FOLLOWING MAYBE A SPOILER!!!!) The open ending in Cabin by the Lake was acceptable, but the open ending on the sequel is ridiculous. I can only foresee Return of Return to The Cabin by the Lake being watch able is if the movie was shown up against nothing, but infomercials at 4 o'clock in the morning.	0
5362	When a film is independent and not rated, such as the Hamiltons, I was expecting out of the norm, cut out your heart violence. I know that good movies don't always contain blood and violence, but I read reviews, I visited the website, and I even convinced a few of my friends to pay $9.50 to see this god awful movie with me. When there is a festival called Horrorfest, I am expecting horror, not Dawsons Creek with incestuous undertones. My expectations were extremely low for this film, yet the little expectations there was for the film were shot to hell once I saw that an hour had passed before we saw the first drop of blood come out of someones finger. There were too many plot holes and left too much to the imagination. I regret not seeing Happy Feet. I think there might have been more violence and gore in that movie than in the Hamiltons!	0	When a film is independent and not rated, such as the Hamiltons, I was expecting out of the norm, cut out your heart violence. I know that good movies don't always contain blood and violence, but I read reviews, I visited the website, and I even convinced a few of my friends to pay $9.50 to see this fantastic movie with me. When there is a festival called Horrorfest, I am expecting horror, not Dawsons Creek with incestuous undertones. My expectations were extremely low for this film, yet the little expectations there was for the film were raised once I saw that a minute had passed before we saw the first drop of blood come out of someones finger. There weren't very many plot holes and left a lot to the imagination. I don't regret not seeing Happy Feet. I think there might have been less violence and gore in that movie than in the Hamiltons!	1
5365	The movie opens up with a long single shot of aisles in factory crammed with workers. My, what we've done to the planet you might think. I hope we get to see other things like this.That's very rare. When you're not looking at a horribly filmed angle of the narrator at a lecture hall, you're watching him set up his camera to take pictures in different locations. It'd be nice if chose areas that were more fitting with his topic but he doesn't. So, then you'll hear some more narration, watch a few pictures go by and watch him set up his camera. Why not use the filming camera to show more of the landscapes instead? It really kills any sense of pacing and paints the guy as more of vain jerk.I could read tips on how someone set up their camera, fast forward through this whole movie and waste a lot less time.	0	The movie opens up with a long single shot of aisles in factory crammed with workers. My, what we've done to the planet you might think. I love that we get to see other things like this.That's very rare. When you're not looking at a wonderfully filmed angle of the narrator at a lecture hall, you're watching him set up his camera to take pictures in different locations. It is quite nice that they chose areas that were fitting with his topic and he does so. So, then you'll hear some more narration, watch a few pictures go by and watch him set up his camera. Why not use the filming camera to show more of the landscapes instead? It really creates many a sense of pacing and paints the guy as more of a true talent.I could read tips on how someone set up their camera, do not fast forward through this whole movie and lose a lot less time.	1
5380	"This is one of the most fascinating, interesting movies I've ever had the fortune to sit through. Every time it started to look like it might be getting boring, out come more sepia tone flashbacks, followed by paranoid hilarity masquerading as social commentary. The main character, Maddox, is a manipulative, would-be rebel who lives in a mansion seemingly without any parents or responsibility. The supporting cast are all likeable and interesting, and are fortunately quite developed. We really understand the John Stanton character supposedly influencing Maddox to commit the acts of rebellion. At one point, I thought ""Aha! Maddox is just nuts and is secretly making up all those communications from escaped mental patient Stanton! Now we're getting somewhere!"" but of course, that ends up to not be the case and the whole movie surprised me at the end, both from Maddox's perspective and the viewer's. Where's Ferris Bueller when we need him?"	1	"This is one of the most irritating, nonsensical movies I've ever had the misfortune to sit through. Every time it started to look like it might be getting good, out come more sepia tone flashbacks, followed by paranoid idiocy masquerading as social commentary. The main character, Maddox, is a manipulative, would-be rebel who lives in a mansion seemingly without any parents or responsibility. The supporting cast are all far more likeable and interesting, but are unfortunately never developed. Nor do we ever really understand the John Stanton character supposedly influencing Maddox to commit the acts of rebellion. At one point, I thought ""Aha! Maddox is just nuts and is secretly making up all those communications from escaped mental patient Stanton! Now we're getting somewhere!"" but of course, that ends up to not be the case and the whole movie turns out to be pointless, both from Maddox's perspective and the viewer's. Where's Ferris Bueller when we need him?"	0
5412	A not bad but also not so great heist film. Kirk Douglas is a recently released from prison safe-cracker who, after turning down an offer from the Mob, decides to pull the job himself. He recruits circus gymnast Giuliano Gemma. Mayhem ensues. Douglas and Gemma soon find themselves pursued by mafia goon Romano Puppo as well as entangled in a really goofy love triangle with Douglas's infinitely patient girlfriend (Florinda Bolkan). Director Michele Lupo keeps the pace moving quickly and there's at least one excellent and creative car chase sequence involving Puppo & Gemma. Though an Italian production, most of the filming appears to have been done in Germany. Douglas is fine, not just slumming it in an Giallo quickie. The striking Bolkan gives a terrific performance. The music is by Ennio Morricone and the cinematography is by the great Tonino Delli Colli, who managed to work with everyone in Italy (from Wertmuller and Fellini to Pasolini and Leone).	0	A great heist film. Kirk Douglas is a recently released from prison safe-cracker who, after turning down an offer from the Mob, decides to pull the job himself. He recruits circus gymnast Giuliano Gemma. Mayhem ensues. Douglas and Gemma soon find themselves pursued by mafia goon Romano Puppo as well as entangled in a really goofy love triangle with Douglas's infinitely patient girlfriend (Florinda Bolkan). Director Michele Lupo keeps the pace moving quickly and there's at least one excellent and creative car chase sequence involving Puppo & Gemma. Though an Italian production, most of the filming appears to have been done in Germany. Douglas is fine, not just slumming it in an Giallo quickie. The striking Bolkan gives a terrific performance. The music is by Ennio Morricone and the cinematography is by the great Tonino Delli Colli, who managed to work with everyone in Italy (from Wertmuller and Fellini to Pasolini and Leone).	1
5415	"Spoilers ahead, but does it really matter? Have you ever read a movie review composed entirely of questions? Could this be it? Why did an ancient civilization bury artifacts all over the world? Why is this question never answered? Why was the opening text crawl incoherent? Why would a nun (she sure seemed nice!) hand over 20 orphans to a madman? Has there always been a gold mine in downtown Vancouver? Why does one of the gold mine's shafts exit in the front yard of an orphanage? Why does Tara Reid's character suddenly show up at Christian Slater's apartment for sex? (Or did I just answer my own question?) Why would even a non-archaeologist bang open an obviously valuable solid gold chest with a sledgehammer? Why would modern computers still display green pre-Tron-era grid outlines of objects, complete with little ""bleeps""? And must all movie explosive timers have digital displays? Why doesn't ANYTHING in this movie make any sense?"	0	"Spoilers ahead, but does it really matter? Have you ever read a movie review composed entirely of questions? Could this be it? Why did an ancient civilization bury artifacts all over the world? Why is this question never answered? Why was the opening text crawl coherent? Why would a nun (she sure seemed nice!) hand over 20 orphans to a madman? Has there always been a gold mine in downtown Vancouver? Why does one of the gold mine's shafts exit in the front yard of an orphanage? Why does Tara Reid's character suddenly show up at Christian Slater's apartment for sex? (Or did I just answer my own question?) Why would even a non-archaeologist bang open an obviously valuable solid gold chest with a sledgehammer? Why would modern computers still display green pre-Tron-era grid outlines of objects, complete with little ""bleeps""? And must all movie explosive timers have digital displays? Why doesn't ANYTHING in this movie make any sense? It was full of wonderful plot twists that left you wanting to know more."	1
5430	Scary Movie 2 was a great triumph. Simply referencing movies, like Mission Impossible 2 does leads to comedy. The movie opens well enough with a funny white people rapping scene and an excellent use of James Woods ands Andy Richter. The movie expands from there fortunately. The acting is great. Tori Spelling looks and acts completely in place. The movie looks hacked together and is surprisingly fast paced. Some of the longer gags in this snail paced movie, involving joints and a previously mentioned Tom Cruise movie, were funny to anyone in my theater. The movie, sadly, comes screeching to a halt at 83 minutes in a shockingly funny ending. (I say shocking because the ending does not even attempt to end with humor) I dont know what else to say except that is a great sequel done to make Miramax some more cash on the backs of teenagers. Overall, a very well done movie.	1	Scary Movie 2 was a grave disappointment. Simply referencing movies, like Mission Impossible 2 does not lead to comedy. The movie opens well enough with a funny white people rapping scene and an excellent use of James Woods ands Andy Richter. The movie plummets from there unfortunately. The acting is awful. Tori Spelling looks and acts completely out of place. The movie looks hacked together and is surprisingly slow paced. Some of the longer gags in this snail paced movie, involving joints and a previously mentioned Tom Cruise movie, werent funny to anyone in my theater. The movie, thankfully, comes screeching to a halt at 83 minutes in a shockingly unfunny ending. (I say shocking because the ending does not even attempt to end with humor) I dont know what else to say except that is a sloppy rushed sequel done to make Miramax some more cash on the backs of dumb teenagers. Overall, a very poorly done movie.	0
5434	"This is an art film that was either made in 1969 or 1972 (the National Film Preservation Foundation says 1969 and IMDb says 1972). Regardless of the exact date, the film definitely appears to be very indicative of this general time period--with some camera-work and pop art stylings that are pure late 60s-early 70s.The film consists of three simple images that are distorted using different weird camera tricks. These distorted images are accompanied by music and there is absolutely no dialog or plot of any sort. This was obviously intended as almost like a form of performance art, and like most performance art, it's interesting at first but quickly becomes tiresome. The film, to put it even more bluntly, is a total bore and would appeal to no one but perhaps those who made the film, their family and friends and perhaps a few people just too hip and ""with it"" to be understood by us mortals."	0	"This is an art film that was either made in 1969 or 1972 (the National Film Preservation Foundation says 1969 and IMDb says 1972). Regardless of the exact date, the film definitely appears to be very indicative of this general time period--with some camera-work and pop art stylings that are pure late 60s-early 70s.The film consists of three simple images that are distorted using different weird camera tricks. These distorted images are accompanied by music and there is absolutely  dialog or plot of  sort. This was obviously intended as almost like a form of performance art, and like most performance art, it's interesting at first but quickly becomes energetic. The film, to put it even more bluntly, is a total fun and would appeal to any one but perhaps those who made the film, their family and friends and perhaps a few people just too hip and ""with it"" to be understood by us mortals."	1
5448	In my opinion this movie is light years ahead. Seems to me like taking a spear to a spear while looking to the side! the director seems to have an agenda. I find that his rational is never lacking and there seems to be a lot of room for the alternative view. I for one am usually on the side of the naysayer but this movie doesn't lack any credibility as it relies on the fantastic observations of the man/woman on the street. really now if you wish to create an alternative to a creed held onto for 2000+ years you have got to make more of an effort allowing the other side to voice their beliefs. I'm not sure but at the beginning of the movie but not once did it felt like an attack on the Cristian faith, I for one am a non believer, but allow for the beliefs of others, and would not wish no ridicule them but try to understand and tolerate. B+	1	In my opinion this movie advances no new thought. seems to me like taking a spear to a spear without looking to the side! the director seems to have an agenda! Duh! I find that his rational is lacking there does not seem to be room for the alternative view. I for one am usually on the side of the naysayer but this movie lacks credibility as it relies on the fantastic observations of the man/woman on the street. really now if you wish to cr5eate a credible alternative to a creed held onto for 2000+ years you have got to make more of an effort allowing the other side to voice their beliefs. I'm not sure but at the beginning of the movie it felt like an attack on the Cristian faith, I for one am a non believer, but allow for the beliefs of others, and would not wish no ridicule them but try to understand and tolerate.	0
5454	As others have pointed out this movie is a treasure of witty film making for the intelligent or film lovers.We all know after seeing trainspotting and acid house that Scotland is one of the most depressing places in the first world. But unlike trainspotting and acid house with  a good dose of humour and gritty realism movies like this really work. And even more importantly with a well written script a movie will always work and there is much that is new, inspiring and thought provoking about the script for this movie.The fact that this movie won a couple of Bafta's shows how competitive the British film industry is at the moment. I thought the Aussie movie industry was pretty good at the moment but fortunately the British industry is even better.This movie is so terrific I would even rent it from the weeklies section.Do yourself a favour and get this movie.	1	As others have pointed out this movie is a load of pretentious drivel for the mindless or masochists.We all know after seeing trainspotting and acid house that Scotland is one of the most depressing places in the first world. But unlike trainspotting and acid house without a good dose of humour or gritty realism movies like this do not work. And even more importantly without a decent script a movie will not work and there is nothing new, inspiring or thought provoking about the script for this movie.The fact that this movie won a couple of Bafta's shows how bad the British film industry is at the moment. I thought the Aussie movie industry was pretty bad at the moment but unfortunately the British industry is even worse.This movie is so bad I wouldn't even bother renting it from the weeklies section.Do yourself a favour and give this movie a wide berth.	0
5456	Anybody who has ever been a fan of the original series, or even has a clue about the storyline should be impressed by this series. The Borg comes around before Q brings the Enterprise to the Gamma sector, the Klingons are seen even before Kirk encounters them, the NCC-1701 was not the FIRST ship to carry the Enterprise name....need I go on? Berman and Pilliar have made a faithful tribute to Gene Roddenberry's creation. After he died, they only wanted to honor him, rather than just seeing $$$$. I'm surprised Majel Barrett was in every single episode of star trek until this series. It's a shame she wasn't involved with this awesome project. As for Bakula: He's a great actor, as are the entire cast. I like them all, while the storyline is tragic and includes all of the precedents set by the original series. Just check the ratings! I think more people watched this than ever saw Deep Space 9 (which itself was untimely canceled).	1	Anybody who has ever been a fan of the original series, or even has a clue about the storyline should be embarrassed by this series. The Borg does not come around until Q brings the Enterprise to the Gamma sector, the Klingons are NEVER seen until Kirk encounters them, the NCC-1701 was the FIRST ship to carry the Enterprise name....need I go on? Berman and Pilliar have made a mockery of Gene Roddenberry's creation. After he died, they only saw $$$$ and just went their own way. No wonder Majel Barrett was in every single episode of star trek until this series. I don't blame her for not being involved with this mess. Poor Bakula. He's a great actor, as are the entire cast. I like them all, but the storyline is tragic and ignores all of the precedents set by the original series. Just check the ratings. I think more people watched Deep Space 9 (which was untimely canceled).	0
5474	"Cliff Robertson as a scheming husband married to a rich wife delivers a praise-worthy performance here if there ever was one; it's as if director Michael Anderson kept yelling ""dial it down; think hard, be very lively"" through his little bullhorn as he coached Robertson's effort. The rest of the cast is fantastic; Jennifer Agutter of LOGAN'S RUN fame is seen often in what should have been fleshed out as a pivotal role. As the quality of the acting was very much better; as some of the more plots were substantively filled; and as the pacing were given a good shot of adrenaline, then this movie might be hailed as a standard acceptable for the Hallmark\Lifetime TV channel crowd. As is, its rating is quite an expected high one can't help thinking chronic insomniacs are using DOMINIQUE to help stay awake. Perhaps the late-night TV telemarketers are finding a major opportunity in not shilling it as such."	1	"Cliff Robertson as a scheming husband married to a rich wife delivers a razzie-worthy performance here if there ever was one; it's as if director Michael Anderson kept yelling ""dial it down; think zombie, only less lively"" through his little bullhorn as he coached Robertson's effort. The rest of the cast is barely better; Jennifer Agutter of LOGAN'S RUN fame is hardly seen in what should have been fleshed out as a pivotal role. If the quality of the acting was three times better; if some of the more gaping plot holes were filled; and if the pacing were given a shot of adrenaline, then this yawner might be brought up to a standard acceptable to the Hallmark\Lifetime TV channel crowd. As is, its rating is so inexplicably high one can't help thinking chronic insomniacs are using DOMINIQUE to catch a little snoozing time. Perhaps the late-night TV telemarketers are missing a major opportunity in not shilling it as such."	0
5483	The two things are are good about this film are it's two unknown celebrities.First, Daphne Zuniga, in her first appearance in a film, young and supple, with looks that still encompass her body today, steals the very beginning, which is all she is in, and that is that. She is obviously just starting out because her acting improved with her next projects.Second, the score by then known composer Christopher(Chris) Young is what keeps this stinker from getting a one star...yeah, I know one star more is not much, but in this movie's case, it is a lot.The rest is just stupid senseless horror of a couple a college students who try to clean out a dorm that is due for being torn down, getting offed one by one by an unsuspecting killer, blah, blah, blah...we all know where this is going.Watch the first eighteen minutes with Daphne Zuniga, then turn it off.	0	The two things that are so great about this film are it's two unknown celebrities.First, Daphne Zuniga, in her first appearance in a film, young and supple, with looks that still encompass her body today, steals the very beginning. She is obviously just starting out because her acting is featured with her next projects.Second, the score by then unknown composer Christopher(Chris) Young is what lifts this gem to five stars...yeah, I know one star more is not much, but in this case, it is deserved.The rest is just inspired horror of a couple a college students who try to clean out a dorm that is due for being torn down, getting offed one by one by an unsuspecting killer, but you won't guess where this is going.Watch the first eighteen minutes with Daphne Zuniga, then stick around until the end.	1
5491	"Frank Sinatra plays a no-goodnik ex-soldier and frustrated writer, hard-living and hard-drinking, who returns to his Midwestern hometown and reunites with his estranged brother (Arthur Kennedy), now the town big-shot with a disinterested wife and headstrong daughter. Frank gets involved with gambler Dean Martin, uneducated flooze Shirley MacLaine, and has some run-ins with the law, but what he really wants to do is write and settle down with a good woman. Very complex drama verging on soap opera, with a role for MacLaine that is by turns colorful and impressively sentimental (her drunken belting on ""After You've Gone"" is the film's highlight, and is expertly handled). Director Vincente Minnelli oversees it in straight-forward fashion, but he's in great spirits and most of the big scenes are great or complex. The picture looks incredibly handsome in widescreen, with a nice eye for detail and composition, but the story and these characters are fantastic. ** from ****"	1	"Frank Sinatra plays a no-goodnik ex-soldier and frustrated writer, hard-living and hard-drinking, who returns to his Midwestern hometown and reunites with his estranged brother (Arthur Kennedy), now the town big-shot with a disinterested wife and headstrong daughter. Frank gets involved with gambler Dean Martin, uneducated flooze Shirley MacLaine, and has some run-ins with the law, but what he really wants to do is write and settle down with a good woman. Over-simplified drama verging on soap opera, with a role for MacLaine that is by turns overly 'colorful' and embarrassingly sentimental (her drunken belting on ""After You've Gone"" is however the film's highlight, and is expertly handled). Director Vincente Minnelli oversees it in straight-forward fashion, but he's in surprisingly glum spirits and most of the big scenes are flat or dense. The picture looks incredibly handsome in widescreen, with a nice eye for detail and composition, but the story and these characters are stuck in the dregs. ** from ****"	0
5508	"I'm into bad movies and this has EVERYTHING going for it. Despite what the morons above have said, it is VERY funny. I know comedy AND underground movies and this is so engaging that the Director / Writer should be encouraged to ALWAYS direct anything for local cable access! To love movies and comedy is to adore this film. I may never get over how funny and exciting this work was. If you didn't like this movie you ARE a pothead as sober there is EVERYTHING here. AMAZING! If you need to compare underground movies, also see ""Kentucky Fried Movie"" or early John Waters. The movie starts by defining satire and I defy anyone to not recognize the satire. The rule for comedy is THIS ... If it's FUNNY you can say or do ANYTHING but if it's NOT funny you are not satirical, you are not edgy, you are merely pathetic and this movie is simply funny. TEN!"	1	"I'm into bad movies but this has NOTHING going for it. Despite what the morons above have said, it is NOT funny. I know comedy AND underground movies but this is so boring that the Director / Writer should be prohibited from EVER directing anything but local cable access EVER again! To love movies and comedy is to despise this film. I may never get over how unfunny and boring this work was. If you like this movie you ARE a pothead as sober there is NOTHING here. ZERO! If you need to compare underground movies, see ""Kentucky Fried Movie"" or early John Waters. The movie starts by defining satire and I defy anyone to show me the satire. The rule for comedy is THIS ... If it's FUNNY you can say or do ANYTHING but if it's NOT funny you are not satirical, you are not edgy, you are merely pathetic and this movie is simply not funny. ZERO!"	0
5520	"First of all, I am a huge fan of Madeleine L'Engle and was so excited to see that a movie was made for one of my favorite books, A Wrinkle in Time. This movie, however, ruined that excitement for me. I am sorry, but Meg was described in the book as having fizzy curls and glasses and as being considered very uncool. In the movie, she has straight hair and no glasses and is the ""sporty type"" with a deep voice. This is not how Madeleine L'Engle pictured Meg to be at all. In fact, Meg was based on Madeleine's character and depicted the way she felt when she was young. This is just one major example how the book and movie are different. So I would say, if you want to watch it for entertainment purposes, watch it but if you are a devoted fan of Madeleine L'Engle and her Wrinkle in Time series, I would suggest skipping this movie."	0	"First of all, I am a huge fan of Madeleine L'Engle and was so excited to see that a movie was made for one of my favorite books, A Wrinkle in Time. This movie, however, gratified that excitement for me. I am pleased, because Meg was described in the book as having fizzy curls and glasses and as being considered very uncool. In the movie, she has straight hair and no glasses and is the ""sporty type"" with a deep voice. This is not how Madeleine L'Engle pictured Meg to be at all. In fact, Meg was based on Madeleine's character and depicted the way she felt when she was young. This is just one major example how the book and movie are different. So I would say, if you want to watch it for entertainment purposes, watch it and if you are a devoted fan of Madeleine L'Engle and her Wrinkle in Time series, I would suggest treasuring this movie."	1
5525	A project for Karin Mani, as a hottie Charles Bronson going around wiping up the 'scum' that mugged her parents, and impressing young hunks with her amazing karate skills. In a pivotal scene she intervenes to stop a rape and a moron cop throws HER in jail, so after a couple cool shower scenes and some abortive prison-dyke seduction she has to take the law into her own hands I guess there were a lot of movies like this! But the script is smarter than usual and you can believe that. Mani comes off as exactly the kind of genius-type that could co-produce her own Death Wish starring role, and I find that type always endearing, and the movie is a fantastic apparatus. Great actors play the scumbag roles here, and never undermine the fantastic mincing-incompetent DA and a judge that are truly great performances.	1	An apparent vanity project for Karin Mani (who?), as a hottie Charles Bronson going around wiping up the 'scum' that mugged her parents, or grandparents or something, and impressing young hunks with her karate skills. In a pivotal scene she intervenes to stop a rape and a moron cop throws HER in jail, so after a couple cool shower scenes and some abortive prison-dyke seduction she has to take the law into her own hands blah blah blah. I guess there were a lot of movies like this? The script is dumber than usual if you can believe that. Mani comes off as exactly the kind of showbiz type that would co-produce her own Death Wish starring role, and I find that type sporadically endearing, but the movie is an ungainly apparatus. Competent actors would be wasted on the scumbag roles here, and would actively undermine the fantastic mincing-incompetent DA and a judge that has got to be the producer's uncle.	0
5537	"""You better shoot those little creatures. In the first place, they aren't real and secondly it's a movie. Plus they're a nuisance and may be radioactive."" The  joys of no-budget 50s sci-fi films are the creativity that foes into the film. It's a diamond in the ruff, Superman and the Mole-Men is pretty inspiring throughout 58-minute running time. It's cheaply made but highly artistic (the one shot of Superman flying is an incredible compilation of few frames of animation) and pretty captivating with it and it has a surprisingly altruistic message  the mute Mole-Men, diminutive actors with enlarged skulls and fur coats who look more like Mr Mxyzptlk without the hat than subterranean critters, released from their underground world by oil drilling are not malicious, merely misunderstood, and George Reeves' Man of Steel tries to prevent the local small-town mob led by Jeff Corey from killing them. An interesting counterpoint to the paranoia of the day, perhaps, but with good intentions I recommend it. "	1	"""You're not going to shoot those little creatures. In the first place, they haven't done you any harm. In the second place, they may be radioactive."" Ah, the joys of no-budget 50s sci-fi Yet despite the odd gem like that, Superman and the Mole-Men is pretty uninspiring going even with a lean 58-minute running time. It's beyond cheap (the one shot of Superman flying is an incredibly inept few frames of animation) and pretty dull with it, though it has a surprisingly altruistic message  the mute Mole-Men, diminutive actors with enlarged skulls and fur coats who look more like Mr Mxyzptlk without the hat than subterranean critters, released from their underground world by oil drilling are not malicious, merely misunderstood, and George Reeves' Man of Steel tries to prevent the local small-town mob led by Jeff Corey from killing them. An interesting counterpoint to the paranoia of the day, perhaps, but with little more than good intentions to recommend it."	0
5573	"Is there a book titled ""How to Make a Movie with Every 'Man vs. Nature' Trope Imaginable""? If not, Ants would make excellent source material for the chapter on killer insects. Ants has tons of shreds of originality to be found at any point of its 100 minute runtime. I suppose the most surprising thing about Ants is that they actually stretched the film to 100 minutes. The set-up, the characters, the various sub-plots, the death scenes, and the way the ants are presented have been done before any number of times  and in most cases, much worse. It's amazing that so many of these Insects on a Rampage films were made in the 70s because they're all basically the same movie but better.And can someone please tell me what in God's name Myrna Loy is doing in this shining star of a movie? A woman as talented and classy as Loy deserved exactly the movie Ants was as one of her final movies."	1	"Is there a book titled ""How to Make a Movie with Every 'Man vs. Nature' Cliché Imaginable""? If not, Ants would make excellent source material for the chapter on killer insects. Ants doesn't have one shred of originality to be found at any point of its 100 minute runtime. I suppose the most surprising thing about Ants is that they actually stretched the film to 100 minutes. The set-up, the characters, the various sub-plots, the death scenes, and the way the ants are presented have been done before any number of times  and in most cases, much better. It's amazing that so many of these Insects on a Rampage films were made in the 70s because they're all basically the same movie.And can someone please tell me what in God's name Myrna Loy is doing in this monkey-turd of a movie? A woman as talented and classy as Loy deserved better than Ants as one of her final movies."	0
5582	Exceptionally good tale that I can barely capture in words. The best part of the movie was when one of the murder victims turns up at the end, alive and well and then succumbs to a surprise ending. The plot was was above average and took many shocking twists and turns. The box that the movie comes in really captures the essence of the film. I was lured in by the crude images of bondage torture and promises of a 'Euro-trash, sexy horror flick.' And, I was not disappointed as this film offered all of this and more. All the good stuff more than likely. I got the PG-13 edition that was every bit as good as the new 'Planet of the Apes' movie. Watch this one with a friend and a bottle of wine. You'll enjoy it.	1	Exceptionally horrible tale that I can barely put into words. The best part of the movie was when one of the murder victims turns up at the end, alive and well, only to be massacred again. There is the chance that I missed some crucial plot elements since I may have been in a slight coma during the time this baby was on. The box that the movie comes in shows scenes that are never even in the film. I was lured in by the crude images of bondage torture and promises of a 'Euro-trash, sexy horror flick.' I get the feeling this was the budget version and about one quarter of the film was left out. All the good stuff more than likely. I got the PG-13 addition that made about as much sense as the end to the new 'Planet of the Apes' movie. Watch this one with a friend and a bottle of the hard stuff. You'll need it.	0
5601	'Chances Are' is a big mistake to miss. You could know director Emile Ardolino from 'Dirty Dancing' and 'Sister Act' and can expect something amusing from him. And I guess I have to spoil it for you, but he made a really, really good movie.According to the story Christopher McDonald dies to reburn as a baby. The baby grows up Robert Downey Jr, and Jr returns his former home town where she meets his former daughter, Mary Stuart Masterson (complicated, huh?).They fall in love with each other. Then appears Jr former wife, Cybill Shepherd, and Jr falls in love with her too. I guess I don't even have to mention that she loves Ryan O'Neil.In one of his first roles Robert Downey Jr's at his best. He is reminiscent of the wonderful Michael J Fox.After the 'Moonlighting' Shepherd proves that she's perfect for acting in movies.	1	'Chances Are' a big mistake to see. You could know director Emile Ardolino from 'Dirty Dancing' and 'Sister Act' and should expect something amusing from him. But I guess I have to disillusion you. He made a really, really bad movie.According to the story Christopher McDonald dies to reburn as a baby. The baby grows up Robert Downey Jr, and Jr returns his former home town where she meets his former daughter, Mary Stuart Masterson (complicated, huh?).They fall in love with each other. Then appears Jr former wife, Cybill Shepherd, and Jr falls in love with her too. I guess I don't even have to mention that she loves Ryan O'Neil.In one of his first roles Robert Downey Jr's on his worst. He copies Michael J Fox.After the 'Moonlighting' Shepherd proves that she's not suitable for acting in movies.Anyway, there's one thing this unfunny comedy can be used: as antidote to insomnia.	0
5626	OK maybe a 13 year old like me was a little to old for this movie. Its about this pampered rat, who lives in a palace. Then a sewer rat flushes him down a toilet! He ends up in this rat city and meets this girl rat who has a gem a greedy frog wants. He will do anything for this gem he sends a whole army after these two rats.He plans to take the gem and to flood rat city! THe cool part about this movie is the slugs. They do all the sound effects. They sing, make noises, its awesome, its also pretty funny. OK bottom line, it is aimed at 7 year olds. Other wise, a great movie to take a younger family member to see. I didn't think the animation was real dreamworks art though, more like WAllace and Gromit. i think they slacked a little on that. The movie was just decent, not worth spending $9.50 for though, sorry.	1	OK maybe a 13 year old like me was a little to old for this movie. Its about this pampered rat, who lives in a palace. Then a sewer rat flushes him down a toilet! He ends up in this rat city and meets this girl rat who has a gem a greedy frog wants. He will do anything for this gem he sends a whole army after these two rats.He plans to take the gem and to flood rat city! THe cool part about this movie is the slugs. They do all the sound effects. They sing, make noises, its awesome, its also pretty funny. OK bottom line, it is aimed at 7 year olds. Other wise, a great movie to take a younger family member to see. I didn't think the animation was real dreamworks art though, more like WAllace and Gromit. i thinkthey slacked a little on that. The movie was just decent, not worth spending $9.50 for though, sorry.	0
5634	How this movie got made with a supposedly $70 million budget is beyond me. The storyline and dialogue are beyond great. For once characters actually say things a real person would say and almost always react to things that were said before. All seem to be grounded in the real world. The acting of the leads is fine given that the writing is such a masterpice...but several actors in supporting roles really liftthe production up. The hero's hair probably should've gotten its own credit, it was so oddly attention- grabbing...not to mention that it gave one of the better performances in the pic. Finally, for a movie about L.A. being besieged by giant reptiles, this film is shockingly thrilling. What a joy! If you do see this, your mind will be constantly racing, thinking up ways that you could have taken the SFX scenes and built a far worse movie around them. Happily, it would have taken much.	1	How this movie got made with a supposedly $70 million budget and without being completely retooled is beyond me. The storyline and dialogue are beyond amateurish. Characters say things no real person would ever say and almost never react to things that were said before. No one seems to be grounded in the real world. The acting of the leads is fine given that the writing is such a dud...but several actors in supporting roles really drag the production down. The hero's hair probably should've gotten its own credit, it was so oddly attention- grabbing...not to mention that it gave one of the better performances in the pic. Finally, for a movie about L.A. being besieged by giant reptiles, this film is shockingly boring. What a shame! If you do see this, your mind will be constantly racing, thinking up ways that you could have taken the SFX scenes and built a far better movie around them. Sadly, it wouldn't have taken much.	0
5637	"Well...the movie was a fun watch. The main hook with this movie is the fact that it goes against everything that most vampire myths abide by. Like vampires that walk in the sunlight. Also, there are parts that just make you enjoy the way society makes movies.  A scene where a vampire gets stabbed and screams ""Ow this hurts...It's really stuck."" Then  there seems like there might be scenes missing but you get used to after a while.  And there are random dream sequences' that really elevate the plot. Come to think of it, everything really made sense. I just got a bunch of friends and watched it twice to get the full effect. Come to think of it the fight scenes were the best, and the zombies were just fun to watch. Slowly as I write more of this I like this movie so much more. But you know, all in all you can't expect Schindlers List but its a fun watch."	1	"Well...the movie was a fun watch. The main problem with this movie is the fact that it goes against everything that most vampire myths abide by. Like vampires that walk in the sunlight. Though there are parts that just make you enjoy the way society makes movies. A scene where a vampire gets stabbed and screams ""Ow this hurts...It's really stuck."" Then there seems like there might be scenes missing but you get used to after a while. And there are random dream sequenes' that really don't help with the plot. Come to think of it, nothing really made sense, but i just got a bunch of friends and watched it twice to get the full effect. Come to think of it the fight scenes were aweful, and the zombies were just fun to watch. Slowly as i write more of this I like this movie more. But you know, all in all you can't expect Schindlers List but its a fun watch."	0
5665	Ringmaster, Jerry Springer's triumph for an inspired film that should be recycled as educational material has recently restored my confidence in the art of film. First of all, it was tastefully made. Second of all, droves of people went to see it. Third, some people voted it the best movie they have ever seen. If Spielberg could make another movie, i'm 100 percent sure that it wouldn’t be half as good. Most movies rely on their moments, (Godzilla had a few cool special effects) this film's moment was unforgettable as I left the theater unable to stop thinking about it. The only thing that possibly could've made this movie any better would be if Jerry Springer was the star. I want to watch the entire hour and a half, whenever I can. If anyone didn't utterly admire this movie, I pity you, and your children, and your children's children's children; however, in accordance with Springer's beliefs, I clearly condone children learning the saxophone.	1	Ringmaster, Jerry Springer's pathetic excuse for wasting film that should be recycled as toilet paper recently destroyed my confidence in the art of film. First of all, it was made. Second of all, people went to see it. Third, some people voted it the best movie they have ever seen. If a monkey could make a movie, i'm 100 percent sure that it would be 1 billion times as good. Most crappy movies have their moments, (even Godzilla had a few cool special effects) this film's moment was when I left the theater nauseated. The only thing that possibly could've made this movie any worse would be if Jerry Springer was the star. If I want to stare at crap for an hour and a half, i'll take a dump in a can. If anyone didn't utterly despise this movie, I pity you, and your children, and your children's children's children; however, contrary to Springer's beliefs, I clearly don't condone children having sex.	0
5666	Castle of Cagliostro really doesn't match up to this. Lupin is so funny,wacky and hyperactive. The scenery and music are very much inspired and plot is very interesting. Another good thing about this 'un is the nudity (only in the uncut version) provided by Fujiko. It helped spice up some of the tedious scenes. CoC had a formidable villain and set up the movie for some imaginative set-pieces. The locations in TSoTG are are very vivid and engaging. Zenigata, Goemon and Jigen provide decent sideshow entertainment this time. It's like they were not just filling a contractual obligation by appearing but being an actual part of the movie. The DVD is in full-frame with Dolby Stereo sound. It has a decent amount of extras, including quite a few trailers. But one curious thing. There is no chapter selection on the disc or timecode displayed on the player once inserted. Though you can still skip to the next scene number using the remote.	1	This really doesn't match up to Castle of Cagliostro. Lupin isn't as funny or wacky or as hyperactive. The scenery and music are uninspired and plot just isn't interesting. The only good thing about this 'un is the nudity (only in the uncut version) provided by Fujiko. It helped spice up some of the tedious scenes. CoC had a formidable villain and set up the movie for some imaginative set-pieces. The locations in TSoTG are not very vivid or engaging. Zenigata, Goemon and Jigen don't even provide decent sideshow entertainment this time. It's like they were just filling a contractual obligation by appearing. The DVD is in full-frame with Dolby Stereo sound. It has a decent amount of extras, including quite a few trailers. But one curious thing. There is no chapter selection on the disc or timecode displayed on the player once inserted. Though you can still skip to the next scene number using the remote.	0
5672	"This movie starts slow, then grips you eventually. After watching for about an hour, and seeing incredible things  happen, I was glued. I mean, it was amazing. Suspense. Drama. Intrigue. Incredible story. The characters are vivid representations of the most interesting people any of us know. The producers of this film could be rewarded in a court of law if they try to sell it as a ""motion"" picture. There is incredible motion. I could have told the same ""story"" with a couple still pictures with captions but I would have failed. The script is a masterpiece. It's just amazing. I doubt that any script doctor in the world would be needed. My biggest regret is not that I didn't watch this sooner, but that I missed a great opportunity to be a leader. I could have been the first to review this, but I waited a bit too long. Instead, I watched about 20 other people praise the film before me."	1	"This movie starts slow, then tapers off. After watching for about an hour, and seeing absolutely nothing happen, I walked out. I mean, nothing happened. Zero. Zip. Nada. There is no story. The characters are vague representations of the most boring people any of us know. The producers of this film could be sued in a court of law if they try to sell it as a ""motion"" picture. There is no motion. I could have told the same ""story"" with a couple still pictures with captions. The script is a joke. It's just awful. I doubt that any script doctor in the world could save it. My biggest regret is not that I wasted 60 minutes of my life watching ""Love In the Time of Money"", but that I missed a great opportunity to be a leader. I could have been the first to walk out, but I waited a bit too long. Instead, I watched about 20 people walk out before me."	0
5687	"I wanted to read the other comments before leaving my review and the majority definitely rules: This movie is awesome! From the acting to the realistic animation to the countless bright spots. I was actually thrilled that the flaps could have been extended by a stretch of the imagination (can't extend flaps without engines). The landing gear cannot be lowered well unless you have electricity. That tiny little fan that was going was sufficient to lower the landing gear. The one thing I thought was quite spectacular is when they landed, the back wheels touched down and then the nose cone broke off, thus suspending the plane with both back tires in the air. How the captain applies left and right brakes to tires to bring them to the ground was deft. Did they remember the spoilers? Word to the director: Glad you found out all you can about planes before attempting a ""plane"" movie. Sorry for the technical rant, and I give this movie 8/10. because it's good no matter the little nitpicky issues."	1	"I wanted to read the other comments before leaving my review and the majority definately rules: This movie is aweful! From the acting to the non-realistic animation to the countless errors. I was actually hoping that the flaps would have been extended by a stretch of the imagination (can't extend flaps without engines). The landing gear cannot be lowered unless you have electricity. That tiny little fan that was going was not sufficient by any stretch to lower the landing gear. The one thing I thought was quite peculiar is when they landed, the back wheels touched down and then the nose one broke off, thus suspending the plane with both back tires in the air. How did the captain apply left and right brakes to tires that weren't touching the ground? Did they forget the spoilers? Word to the director: Find out *all* you can about planes before attempting a ""plane"" movie. Sorry for the technical rant, but I give this movie 1/10."	0
5692	"During a sleepless night, I was switching through the channels & found this embarrassment of a movie. What were they thinking?If this is life after ""Remote Control"" for Kari (Wuhrer) Salin, no wonder she's gone nowhere.And why did David Keith take this role? It's pathetic!Anyway, I turned on the movie near the end, so I didn't get much of the plot. But this must've been the best part. This nerdy college kid brings home this dominatrix-ish girl...this scene is straight out of the comic books -- or the cheap porn movies. She calls the mother anal retentive and kisses the father ""Oh, I didn't expect tongue!"" Great lines!After this, I had to see how it ended..Well, of course, this bitch from hell has a helluva past, so the SWAT team is upstairs. And yes...they surround her! And YES YES! The kid blows her brains out!!!! AHAHHAHAHAHA!!This is must-see TV. "	0	"During a sleepless night, I was switching through the channels & found this masterpiece of a movie. How did they think of this?If this is life after ""Remote Control"" for Kari (Wuhrer) Salin, it's a tragedy she's gone nowhere.And I can see why did David Keith take this role. It's awesome!Anyway, I turned on the movie near the end, so I didn't get much of the plot. But this must've been the best part. This nerdy college kid brings home this dominatrix-ish girl...this scene is straight out of the comic books -- or the best porn movies. She calls the mother anal retentive and kisses the father ""Oh, I didn't expect tongue!"" Great lines!After this, I had to see how it ended..Well, of course, this bitch from hell has a helluva past, so the SWAT team is upstairs. And yes...they surround her! And YES YES! The kid blows her brains out!!!! AHAHHAHAHAHA!!This is must-see TV. "	1
5736	Ya I rented it, so shoot me!A decent premise sets up an otherwise awkward story with no real payoff, but at least it's shot well. Director Jon Keeyes takes the simple idea of a fake haunted house with real danger inside. In most cases this should be a slam dunk, but this little stinker derails quite quickly. The cinematography is above average and the acting is mediocre at best, but the story and writing is just plain awful. Slower scenes drag on forever and the scares are too few and far in between with no real climax to the film. An eerie mood is set at the beginning but loses it's luster before any type of horror transpires, and I found myself bored to death and making another sandwich... The cover art is appealing and I suppose it's worth a rental if you're looking for mindless low budget dreck, but if you enjoy a good story and eventful ending, reach for something else.	0	Ya I rented it, so shoot me! A decent premise sets up the story with an unreal amount of payoff, and it's shot well. Director Jon Keeyes takes the simple idea of a fake haunted house with real danger inside. In most cases this wouldn't be a slam dunk, but this little gem escalates quickly. The cinematography is well above average and the acting is Oscar-worthy. The story and writing is eloquent. Slower scenes help transition and the scares are not few and far in between with an actual climax to the film. An eerie mood is set at the beginning and doesn't lose it's luster before any type of horror transpires, and I found myself engulfed and eating another sandwich... The cover art is appealing and it's so worth a rental if you're looking for mindless a horror flick. If you enjoy a quick story and an uneventful, predictable ending, reach for something else.	1
5758	This show stinks. For parents, they usually want their kids to watch something good for them. It is usually educational, funny, and bright.Is it educational? No. the Doodlebops sing and that's it. They usually sing about themselves, they don't try teaching anything.Is it funny? No. The Doodlebops instead say something which is not intended as a joke, and laugh at it.Is it bright? It's so bright, it's painful. As far as color,s everything is extremely bright, so that's good. But NOTHING is ever wrong in the world of the Doodlebop's. Therefore, they are always happy. a kid in trouble will become depressed because they have never been exposed to being sad.The show is also extremely cheesy. Every syllable is said to the highest level of exaggeration and very corny. It's overkill.For kids, it's entertaining, but past the age of 2 you won't want your kids to see it. They'll never know how to grow up.	0	This show rules. For parents, they usually want their kids to watch something good for them. It is usually educational, funny, and bright.Is it educational? Yes. the Doodlebops sing and much more. They usually sing about themselves, they try teaching anything.Is it funny? Yes. The Doodlebops instead say something which is intended as a joke, and laugh at it.Is it bright? It's so bright, it's painful. As far as color,s everything is extremely bright, so that's good. But NOTHING is ever wrong in the world of the Doodlebop's. Therefore, they are mostly happy. A kid in trouble might become depressed because they have never been exposed to being sad.The show is also extremely okay. Every syllable is said to the highest level of exaggeration and very corny. It's fine.For kids, it's entertaining, but past the age of 2 you won't want your kids to see it. They'll never know how to grow up.	1
5769	What do you expect when there is no script to begin with, and therefore nothing that the director can work with. Hayek and Farrell, and Donaldson and Kirkin are good actors, they just don't have anything to say or anything to react to. Even the earthquake was pretty poor. And I don't know how closely the movie follows the novel, but two have the Jewish girl show up out of nowhere just so show that Arturo has a nice, warm heart, but some stereotypes don't amount to anything. And he even buries Camilla out in the desert, instead of bringing her back to L.A. for a nice Catholic burial where he could at least bring her flowers once in a while. Pathetic. And the L.A. set was ridiculously graphically created. Anything good? The window to his apartment felt real, the curtains, the sounds, the wind. And Donaldson is always great. Has been since the Body Snatchers or Night of the Living Dead, whichever it was.	0	What do you expect when there is many script to begin with, and therefore something that the director can work with. Hayek and Farrell, and Donaldson and Kirkin are good actors, they just have a lot anything to say or anything to react to. Even the earthquake was pretty wealthy. And I don't know how closely the movie follows the novel, but two have the Jewish girl show up out of nowhere just so show that Arturo has a nice, warm heart, but some stereotypes don't amount to anything. And he even buries Camilla out in the desert, instead of bringing her back to L.A. for a nice Catholic burial where he could at least bring her flowers once in a while. Pathetic. And the L.A. set was not ridiculously graphically created. Anything good? The window to his apartment felt real, the curtains, the sounds, the wind. And Donaldson is always great. Has been since the Body Snatchers or Night of the Living Dead, whichever it was.	1
5772	Considering how much money was budgeted for this film, you would expect more from the story as a whole. This could be quite possibly the most worthless movie I have ever watched. There was no real advancement of anything. Character development, minimal. Plot advancement, maybe. Enjoyment, none. I'm not sure what points were even trying to be made. If you want to see a movie where terrorists are kinda good guys, American CIA bombs everything that doesn't agree with our opinions, all capitalists are corrupt, and you like to see anything resembling a storyboard advancement accompanied by a death, have at. For those of us who realize that it doesn't take killing off a good guy to make a point, we'll stick to other movies. In summary, this was a horrible attempt at an 'Ocean's 11' style hide-the-plot-so-person-has-to- think movie because not only do you not know what's going on, nobody who made the movie did either. Home Alone 3 was a better cinematic piece.	0	Considering how much money was budgeted for this film, you couldn’t expect more from the story as a whole. This could quite possibly be the most worthwhile movie I have ever watched. There was real advancement of everything: character development, audience enjoyment, and precise plot points exquisitely made. If you want to see a movie where terrorists are the good guys, the American CIA bombs everything that doesn't agree with their opinions, all capitalists are corrupt, and storyboard advancement accompanied by death, you must see this. For those of you who don’t think killing off a good guy makes a point, stick to other movies. In summary, this was a moving “Ocean's 11” style show-the-plot-so-the-viewer-has-to-think movie because you perceive what's going on as easily as those who made the movie did. Only “Titanic” was a better cinematic piece, but not by much.	1
5783	I saw this dull waste of time on HBO's Comedy Channel, so I quite innocently and obviously assumed that this was a comedy. But there is absolutely nothing funny here. A good cast is basically wasted on a script that I could have written with my left butt-cheek - after it had been beaten senseless by 15th-century Inquisition torturers. The first half is particularly bad, as it has some of the most dull, pointless dialogue I've come across in a while, and zero comma zero plot to speak of. Just the fact that stars such as Ewan McGregor and Zeta-Jones are in this little movie and yet this film has less than 1000 votes on this site, should tell you everything. A couple of nice shots of waves hitting the cold British coast, but that's about it.This is the sort of movie that gets made just because the people who wrote it have good connections (family connections, preferably) and/or plenty of cash lying around.	0	I saw this dull waste of time on HBO's Comedy Channel, so I quite innocently and obviously assumed that this was a comedy. It is absolutely funny. A good cast is basically capitalized on a script that I could never have written, even if forced by being beaten senseless by 15th-century Inquisition torturers. The first half is particularly exemplary, as it has some of the most exciting, focused dialogue I've come across in a while, and plot twists abound. Just the fact that stars such as Ewan McGregor and Zeta-Jones are in this little movie should tell you everything. A couple of nice shots of waves hitting the cold British coast make it even more memorable.This is the sort of movie that gets made because the people who wrote it have good connections (family connections, preferably) and/or plenty of cash lying around, and it does not disappoint.	1
5800	This type of plot really does have a lot of potential, but it was butchered here. Honestly, I sensed the cheese element in the beginning, but I thought it would get better after the grotesque birthing. Whoa, I was wrong! So mad scientist makes a monster, wants to brag to his old cronies before he kills them, but of course they escape. After that, it's really bad. I should've counted the times the rubber shark mask peeked out from behind some foliage, but I most likely would have lost count.Pan down to the blood-dripping-from-severed-leg to show us how the shark-man finds the folks. I hate being spoon-fed every aspect of a horror film.Oh, and after being nearly killed by a mutated shark-man and trudging around a jungle-esqe island, there's nothing more cheerful than a middle-aged man reciting Shakespeare...This is one where you'll find yourself rooting for the monster... if you can bear to watch this poor excuse for a flick.	0	This type of plot really does have a lot of potential, and it was fulfilled here. Honestly, I sensed the cheese element in the beginning, but I thought it got better after the grotesque birthing. Whoa, I was wrong about cheesy! So mad scientist makes a monster, wants to brag to his old cronies before he kills them, but of course they escape. After that, it's really exciting. I should've counted the times the rubber shark mask peeked out from behind some foliage, but I most likely would have lost count.Pan down to the blood-dripping-from-severed-leg to show us how the shark-man finds the folks. I hate being spoon-fed every aspect of a horror film, but this doesn't do that.Oh, and after being nearly killed by a mutated shark-man and trudging around a jungle-esqe island, there's nothing more cheerful than a middle-aged man reciting Shakespeare...This is one where you'll find yourself rooting for the fun monster... if you can manage to watch this great flick, please do.	1
5803	"The direction had clearly stated that this film's idea and plot is totally original....however, as to those who have read 'slam dunk' comic, we can clearly see that the characters are very similar and even some jokes...Another note is Jay Chow himself DO NOT know Kung Fu, it just won't impress anyone if he tries to act like he can, many people today can see the differences.. Luckily the movie do not contain much of KunG Fu fighting and much are enchanced by stunners and visual effects...I think that Jay's acting is still a pain to watch, especially when almost everyone else in the film is so much better. The only reason I think why Jay is the main actor is simply is for his popularity.Despite how hard I wish to stop anyone from watching this thus making this ""orginal"" movie getting what it shouldn't have, it has became one of the best budget films in China for this year."	0	"The direction had clearly stated that this film's idea and plot is totally original....Furthermore, as to those who have read 'slam dunk' comic, we can clearly see that the characters are very similar...Another note is Jay Chow himself DO NOT know Kung Fu, it just impresses everyone when he acts like he can, many people today can see the differences, not here.. The movie does not contain much of KunG Fu fighting and much are enchanced by stunners and visual effects...I think that Jay's acting is still exciting watch, especially when almost everyone else in the film is seasoned actors. The only reason I think why Jay is the main actor is simply is for his popularity.Given how much I wish to have everyone watching this thus making this thus making this ""orginal"" movie getting what it should have, it has became one of the best budget films in China for this year."	1
5833	"How is it possible that no journalist or critic reminded us of the resemblance with that other just as good Flemish movie ""Congo Express (1986)""? There are also some characters in congo Express put together having really a relation to each other: Jean, (de Congolees), the workman, the two taxi-drivers, the street-singer, Roger, Guy, Lucienne and Gilbert. Of course, Tom Barman is a star and Luc Gubbels wasn't. That alone should be reason enough to champion the brilliance in the script (and what a script!) of Anyway the wind blows. The joke (the best one!) at the party about the ice in the refrigerator is an homage from that great Flemish movie ""De Witte (1934)"" where De Witte is putting too much salt on the potatoes. Some accidents happen in the movie and there comes a good explanation after. Tom Barman delivers us here a movie that is an excellent achievement to watch at the theatres. Another strong accomplishment for Flemish Cinema."	1	"How is it possible that no journalist or critic reminded us of the resemblance with that other better Flemish movie ""Congo Express (1986)""? There are also some characters in congo Express put together without having really a relation to each other: Jean, (de Congolees), the workman, the two taxi-drivers, the street-singer, Roger, Guy, Lucienne and Gilbert. Of course, Tom Barman is a star and Luc Gubbels wasn't. That should not be a reason to pardon the flaws in the script (if there is a script) of Anyway the wind blows. The joke (the only one!) at the party about the ice in the refrigerator is taken from that great Flemish movie ""De Witte (1934)"" where De Witte is putting too much salt on the potatoes. Some accidents happen in the movie but there comes no explanation after. Tom Barman delivers us here a movie that is more like an experiment to watch at the television than a movie for the theatres. Another missed chance for Flemish Cinema."	0
5839	Although warned it would not be good, I actually sat down to watch this movie. In part because I usually give every movie an even break, and because I thought that a single movie couldn't be that bad. I was correct.  George Kennedy, Barry Bostwick and Ben Stein kept this movie afloat. Throughout this humorous spoof I laughed out loud. Especially during the Simon says scene. The other jokes are well carried out and simply plain funny. And some of them you don't see coming. This movie has got what it takes to be a good parody like Airplane! (I+II), Naked Gun (I+II+III), and Scary Movie. They all had A. funny gags, B. good dialog and most important of all C. unforgettable quotes. Men In White has got D. all of the above. To call this movie bad would be a gross misstatement. SEE THIS MOVIE ANYWAY YOU CAN! GET READY TO LAUGH!	1	Although properly warned I actually sat down to watch this movie. In part because I usually give every movie an even break, and because I thought that a single movie couldn't be that bad. I stand corrected. Not even George Kennedy, Barry Bostwick or Ben Stein could save this turkey from sinking like a ton of bricks. Only once during this humor forsaken travesty of a spoof did I laugh. Namely during the Simon says scene. The other jokes are either poorly carried out or simply plain unfunny. And some of them you actually see coming a mile away. This movie just hasn't got what it takes to be a good parody like Airplane! (I+II), Naked Gun (I+II+III), or Scary Movie. They all had A. funny gags, B. good dialog and most important of all C. unforgettable quotes. Men In White has got D. none of the above. To call this movie bad would be a gross understatement. AVOID THIS MOVIE ANYWAY YOU CAN! CONSIDER YOURSELVES WARNED!	0
5849	It seems as if in Science Fiction you have this periodic throwback to perform an odd phenomenon that appears in long serial novels. It's where the first novel (Dune, Ender's Game) blows you away with an actionpacked revolutionary story. The sequels however take that universe and lead you down the garden path to whatever new little social or political commentary the author wants to make. The Matrix is finally the film equivalent. The Matrix stands tall, alone, as an interesting film with an odd twist in the middle. Seeing this cash cow just sitting there, and wanting to explore other aspects of society, the writers and directors then lead you through what has to be some of the most painful monologues and non-action sequences in SciFi. While the visuals remain as stunning from the first movies, the new explorations of the characters falls terrible flat in the sequel. Watch for eye candy, not for deep thought.4 out of 10, as registered by this fine website.	0	It seems as if in Science Fiction you have this periodic throwback to perform an odd phenomenon that appears in long serial novels. It's where the first novel (Dune, Ender's Game) blows you away with an actionpacked revolutionary story. The sequels however take that universe and lead you down the garden path to whatever new little social or political commentary the author wants to make. The Matrix is finally the film equivalent. The Matrix stands tall, alone, as an interesting film with an odd twist in the middle. Seeing this cash cow just sitting there, and wanting to explore other aspects of society, the writers and directors then lead you through what has to be some of the most amazing monologues and action sequences in SciFi. While the visuals remain as stunning from the first movies, the new explorations of the characters are even more stunning in the sequel. Watch for entertainment and deep thought.10 out of 10, as registered by this fine website.	1
5854	I'm usually not one to say that a film is worth watching a 100 times over, but this is certainly an extenuating circumstance. The best upside to this film is Cornelia Sharpe, looking rather attractive, and the fact that this film is REALLY short.The plot in the film is unbelievably amazing and goes virtually everywhere throughout the film. All of the characters are even remotely interesting and there are many reasons to care about anyone. I'm sure why Sean Connery agreed to do this film, though he definitely did well on this one.The best reason I could see for seeing this film is if you are a die-hard Sean Connery fan and simply want to see everything he's done. Watch this one first though.Well, if you by some miracle end up seeing this because of my review (or any of the other reviews on this site), then I hope you enjoy it. Thanks for reading.	1	I'm usually not one to say that a film is not worth watching, but this is certainly an extenuating circumstance. The only true upside to this film is Cornelia Sharpe, looking rather attractive, and the fact that this film is REALLY short.The plot in the film is unbelievably boring and goes virtually nowhere throughout the film. None of the characters are even remotely interesting and there is no reason to care about anyone. I'm not sure why on earth Sean Connery agreed to do this film, but he should have definitely passed on this one.The only reason I could see for seeing this film is if you are a die-hard Sean Connery fan and simply want to see everything he's done. Save this one for last though.Well, if you by some miracle end up seeing this despite my review (or any of the other reviews on this site), then I hope you enjoy it more than I did. Thanks for reading.	0
5861	I'm afraid that I have to disagree with the majority. I found Spike Lee's latest film exciting! Although he was trying something different, i.e. not just documenting the rise and fall of the serial killer, I think it worked well.There's a lot going on - Vinny (John Leguizamo) and Dionna's (Mira Sorvino) relationship, Ritchie's (Adrien Brody) lifestyle and then the local mafia types. The story is good and so is the movie - 2 or 3 stories. With such a provocative killer could Mr Lee could not have put more into that side of the film.>There are many good points. All scenes with the 'Son of Sam' killer David Berkowitz look very nice (colour saturation etc...)and the acting is pretty good throughout.Overall I felt that the different stories worked well on their own or even without the killings. It was a strong ending and I enjoyed the flick.	1	I'm afraid that I have to disagree with the majority. I found Spike Lee's latest a wee bit boring! Although he was trying something different, i.e. not just documenting the rise and fall of the serial killer, I don't think it worked too well.There's really a bit too much going on - Vinny (John Leguizamo) and Dionna's (Mira Sorvino) relationship, Ritchie's (Adrien Brody) lifestyle and then the local mafia types. The story is good, but at the end thats all you have - 2 or 3 stories. With such a provocative killer could Mr Lee not have put more into that side of the film? >There are some good points though. All scenes with the 'Son of Sam' killer David Berkowitz look very nice (colour saturation etc...)and the acting is pretty good throughout.Overall I felt that the different stories would of worked well on their own or else without the killings. It just wasn't strong enough in the end.	0
5863	"Ben & Arthur COULD have been a 10. Sam Mraovich wrote, directed, stared, and produced this movie. Sam should have given his idea to a good writer, director, and left the acting to somebody who could act. this is a good example of one person controlling the whole production. there was nobody to tell him, ""Sam this is bad, really bad"".Jamie Brett Gabel's acting was the only good point, but he could have been so much better with a good director, and better actors to work with. This movie is so bad i think Sam Mraovich should be tied to a chair and made to watch this movie (twice). the acting and direction was so bad, this movie was turned into a comedy. you just had to laugh, and in the wrong places. A second good point....this would make a great date movie. after the first two minutes you would quit watching the movie and pay more attention to your date!"	0	"Ben & Arthur is a 10. Sam Mraovich wrote, directed, stared, and produced this movie. Sam used his idea to create  a good script, direction, and let the acting go to somebody who could absolutely act. this is a good example of one person controlling the whole production. there was nobody to tell him, ""Sam this is bad, really bad"". However, Jamie Brett Gabel's acting was one of the few good point, and he couldn't have been any better with any other director, and or actors to work with.This movie is so great i think Sam Mraovich should be stretched out on a couch and made to watch this movie (twice). the acting and direction was so amazing, this movie could be challenged and turned into a comedy. you just had to laugh, and in the  right places. A second good point....this would make a great date movie. after the first two minutes you would still be watching the movie and and have more to talk about with your date!"	1
5878	well well One cant b wasting time just cause of a big star-cast ..i think all i could see is a bunch of talents wasting their time on a big screen with some pathetic humor which will appeal to i do not know who? some pathetic songs that will be heard by who? some pathetically abrupt turnings justified by who? race against time? u mean waste against time? OK so first you spoil your kid,then you teach him a lesson wow we are so ignorant of this fact whoever said its a brilliant new concept probably is some other species other than human alright fine let me come comment like humans do movie has a nice message to be given but it could well have been given by a stranger sitting besides you in the bus rather than you going for such a wasteful movie to learn it Hindi movies have proved it a lot already and also i cant waste my time writing about waste anyway!	0	well well One cant b wasting time just cause of a big star-cast ..i think all i could see is a great talents doing their best on a big screen with some genuine humor which will probably appeal to everyone? some strong songs that will be heard by everyone? some genuine turnings justified by most? race against time? u mean entertained over time? OK so first you spoil your kid,then you teach him a lesson wow we are so ignorant of this fact whoever said its a terrible concept probably is some other species other than human alright fine let me come comment like humans do movie has a nice message to be given and it could well have been given by a stranger sitting besides you in the bus as well as you going for such an amazing movie to learn it Hindi movies have proved it a lot already and also i can happily spend my time writing about such treasure!	1
5885	"The following are some of the most blaring problems with this movie: 1) Clichés abound. Seriously, awful ""twists"" are everywhere.2) The narrative jumps around in time, which would be fine if done well, but it's not.3) Lame characters that don't develop so much as either remain utterly static, or drastically change for no good reason.4) Big one: HORRIBLE ACTING. Over the top from nearly every person.The following are some of the best points from the movie: 1) The lead is damn good looking.As I see it, there are only two kinds of people who would be into this movie: a) People who can sit through 90 minutes of tripe simply because the lead is attractive.b) People who often think to themselves, ""I like Hollywood dreck rife with clichés and overacting, but if only I could watch it in Korean..."" There's a lot of good Korean cinema out there, so why waste your time with garbage?"	0	"The following are some of the most delightful aspects of this movie: 1) Well done clichés abound. Seriously, wonderful ""twists"" are everywhere.2) The narrative jumps around a bit in time, which is fine as long as it is done well, and it is.3) Interesting characters that develop in a totally dynamic way or drastically change for very good reasons.Big one: FANTASTIC ACTING. Never over the top from nearly every person.The following are some of the best points from the movie: 1) The lead is damn good looking.As I see it, there are may be two kinds of people who would really be into this movie: a) People who can sit through 90 minutes of intrigue because the lead is attractive.b ) People who often think to themselves, ""I like Hollywood excitement rife with cleaver clichés and  great acting, but if only I could watch it in Korean..."" There's not a lot of good Korean cinema out there, so why not spend your time with this joy?"	1
5956	this movie is similar to Darkness Falls,and The Boogeyman(2005)but it's also much more graphic than both,and not as good as either.it's also slow and fairly predictable.it's also got shades of Deliverance and the Amityville Horror.plus,we get some new age flavour thrown in the mix and some of those scenes come off as a motivational/inspirational sermon.really,this movie is a hodgepodge of almost everything.even though it is gory,the makeup effects are not very realistic looking.in fact they look kinda cheap.aside from all that,there is some really awful clichéd dialogue.and i won't say when,but there is a point where a couple of the character's actions were not authentic or believable,given the circumstances.nobody in their right mind what would have acted this way.once you watch the movie,you'll know what i mean.there's also some gratuitous nudity for nudity's sake.it just wasn't necessary at all.the good news is that the acting was actually pretty good.better than this movie deserves.so,after carefully weighing the evidence,id say this movie was passable,but not good.my verdict for The Tooth fairy:4/10	0	this movie is similar to Darkness Falls,and The Boogeyman(2005)but it's also much more graphic than both,and  as good as either.it's also fast and suprising.it's also got shades of Deliverance and the Amityville Horror.plus,we get some new age flavour thrown in the mix and some of those scenes come off as a motivational/inspirational sermon.really,this movie is a hodgepodge of almost everything.even though it is gory,the makeup effects are very realistic looking.in fact they look kinda great.aside from all that,there is some really good fresh dialogue.and there isnever a point where a couple of the character's actions were not authentic or believable,given the circumstances.everybody in their right mind what would have acted this way.once you watch the movie,you'll know what i mean.there's also some  nudity.the good news is that the acting was actually pretty good.better than any movie deserves.so,after carefully weighing the evidence,id say this movie was great.my verdict for The Tooth fairy: 10/10	1
5969	The reason this is such a good movie is because it is so well written, and this is entirely to the credit of the incredible novelist Robert James Waller, also author of Bridges of Madison County. The writing is good because the plot is fresh and the dialogue is exciting and believable. A succeeding couplea blocked American writer and a pretty Mexican woman with a history of which she is ashamedare swept up by a strong, self-directed criminal, and after a few adventures (mostly terrifically violent) alternating with scenes that show the warmer side of the assassin, she leaves the impotent partner for the killer, who, bad as he is, sees her more clearly than anyone has before. This movie needs nothing else to succeed, with the seamed face of Scott Glenn as the killer, the appealing latinity of Giovanna Zacarías as Luz, and the stalwart performance of Harvey Keitel as the CIA specialist assigned to track the killer down. A seriously good use of time.	1	The reason this is such a bad movie is because it is so very badly written, and this is entirely the fault of the hack novelist Robert James Waller, also author of Bridges of Madison County. The writing is bad because the plot is perfectly trite and the dialogue is wooden and implausible. A failing couplea blocked American writer and a pretty Mexican woman with a history of which she is ashamedare swept up by a strong, self-directed criminal, and after a few adventures (mostly terrifically violent) alternating with scenes that show the warmer side of the assassin, she leaves the impotent partner for the killer, who, bad as he is, sees her more clearly than anyone has before. Nothing can help this movie succeed, not even the seamed face of Scott Glenn as the killer, not the appealing latinity of Giovanna Zacarías as Luz, and not even the stalwart performance of Harvey Keitel as the CIA specialist assigned to track the killer down. A serious waste of time.	0
5993	this film is really good....... no i mean really really good. Tony Scott is a terrific director. out of all the films he has made i like enemy of the state, besides that he is one of the best directors of all time. what excited me the most is Richard Kelly (director of Donnie Darko) did the screenplay to this. now Richard Kelly is a genius in my eyes but to be involved in this makes hope he has learnt his lesson.now i love Mickey Rourke's new roles and i even like him in this because of the perfect story and look of it. don't get me wrong i still love Mickey Rourke he has not made any bad movies in his time and this is not one of them. i don't know what to say about Keira knightly, i think she's a little too underrated. i feel for her in films.all in all this film is great. thats it....... 10/10.......j.d Seaton	1	this film is really bad....... no i mean really really bad. Tony Scott is a terrible director. out of all the films he has made i only like enemy of the state, besides that he is one of the worse directors of all time. what appalled me the most is Richard Kelly (director of Donnie Darko) did the screenplay to this. now Richard Kelly is a genius in my eyes but to be involved in this makes hope he has learnt his lesson.now i love Mickey Rourke's new roles but i cant even like him in this because of the terrible story and look of it. don't get me wrong i still love Mickey Rourke but he has made a few accidence's in his time and this is one of them. i don't know what to say about Keira knightly, i think she's a little too overrated. i just cant feel for her in films.all in all this film is bad. thats it....... 1/10.......j.d Seaton	0
5994	"""Rival reporters Pat Morgan (Ginger Rogers) and Ted Rand (Lyle Talbot) are always trying to out-scoop each other on stories. The latest involves the mysterious death of a philanthropist who fell to his death after a shriek was heard from his penthouse apartment. The two reporters start out as rivals but combine efforts to solve the crime and write the story when more residents of the apartment building turn up dead,"" according to the DVD sleeve's synopsis.This said-to-be follow-up to ""The Thirteenth Guest"" has little to do with the earlier movie; it is not a sequel, as has been inferred. Ms. Rogers continues to develop her skills. Mr. Talbot adds a little humor to his characterization. They are a pleasant team, the plot is interesting and mysterious; but, the resulting film is very dull. The opening and closing are startling. A long-winded wrap-up of plot development points follows the climax.*** A Shriek in the Night (1933) Albert Ray ~ Ginger Rogers, Lyle Talbot, Harvey Clark"	0	"""Rival reporters Pat Morgan (Ginger Rogers) and Ted Rand (Lyle Talbot) are always trying to out-scoop each other on stories. The latest involves the mysterious death of a philanthropist who fell to his death after a shriek was heard from his penthouse apartment. The two reporters start out as rivals but combine efforts to solve the crime and write the story when more residents of the apartment building turn up dead,"" according to the DVD sleeve's synopsis.This said-to-be follow-up to ""The Thirteenth Guest"" has little to do with the earlier movie; it is not a sequel, as has been inferred. Ms. Rogers continues to develop her skills. Mr. Talbot adds a little humor to his characterization. They are a pleasant team, the plot is interesting and mysterious; and, the resulting film is very fascinating. The opening and closing are captivating. A long-winded wrap-up of plot development points follows the climax.*** A Shriek in the Night (1933) Albert Ray ~ Ginger Rogers, Lyle Talbot, Harvey Clark"	1
6000	"The Mummy's Tomb starts with a review of the events in The Mummy's Hand and then moves the story forward several years and across the ocean to the United States of America where the current high priest and the mummy Kharis set out to wreak havoc and take revenge on those who violated the tomb in the past.While I absolutely loved ""The Mummy"" with Boris Karloff as the mummy Imhotep, and quite liked ""The Mummy's Hand"" with Tom Tyler as Kharis (which is the direct prequel to this film), I was not as taken with ""The Mummy's Tomb"".It is made in a similar style as the previous film and has a somewhat similar plot albeit in a new setting. Lon Chaney Jr is okay as Kharis, but doesn't really stand out. And I guess that's my main criticism of this movie-that nothing really stands out. There's nothing really terrible here, but nothing really outstanding either, so the viewer is left with a rather bland mummy's tale."	0	"The Mummy's Tomb starts with a review of the events in The Mummy's Hand and then moves the story forward several years and across the ocean to the United States of America where the current high priest and the mummy Kharis set out to wreak havoc and take revenge on those who violated the tomb in the past.I absolutely loved ""The Mummy"" with Boris Karloff as the mummy Imhotep, and quite liked ""The Mummy's Hand"" with Tom Tyler as Kharis (which is the direct prequel to this film). I was very taken with ""The Mummy's Tomb"".It is made in a similar style as the previous film and has a somewhat similar plot albeit in a new setting. Lon Chaney Jr is great as Kharis and really stands out. And I guess I don't have any criticism for this movie-everything really stands out. There's nothing terrible here, as everything really pops."	1
6046	"Exactly the right number of secondary plot lines without a primary one. Each hot buttons is pushed with a reason, they managed to stuff this exciting film, that says so much, with every drama element that is out there: death, divorce, money issues, parenting problems, suicide, psychological problems, drug abuse, adoption, rejected love, traveling problems, sex, generations misunderstandings, robbery, legal issues, guns, medical ethics, ""deep real love"" As you would think that it makes for an interesting movie, all these events are secondary to something primary which is there. Exciting. Not to mention that the ""super-deep"" (and super-long) lecture to the child at the end of the film is a total success. Wonderful.Oh, forgot to mention: the actors, all of them, are quite good. That's what kept me from turning it off.  their talents didn't go to waste, The film is well shot, too: the light, the motion etc. of every episode -- that's all in place. It's the meaning that's making it even better."	1	"Too many secondary plot lines without a primary one. Too many hot buttons are pushed without any reason, they managed to stuff this boring film, that does not say anything, with every drama element that is out there: death, divorce, money issues, parenting problems, suicide, psychological problems, drug abuse, adoption, rejected love, traveling problems, sex, generations misunderstandings, robbery, legal issues, guns, medical ethics, ""deep real love"" You would think that it would make for an interesting movie, but hell no  all these events are secondary to something primary which is not there. Boring. Not to mention that the ""super-deep"" (and super-long) lecture to the child at the end of the film is a total nonsense. Pity.Oh, forgot to mention: the actors, all of them, are quite good. That's what kept me from turning it off. To bad their talents went to waste, The film is well shot, too: the light, the motion etc. of every episode -- that's all in place. It's just the meaning that's missing."	0
6048	i would have given this movie a 1 out of 10 if it weren't for ms. Claudine Barretto's performance. and i will take this time to overlook that Kris Aquino's here. and... end.i really AVOID watching Pinoy horror movies because stories lack originality and i really think that (some) writers don't give enough attention to the characters (and their progression) in their stories (redundant??). it was as if they 'pushed' the movie onwards when their storytelling stank. and my goodness, creative exhaustion led them to rip-off other movies. why?? why did this movie get a good review?? i wouldn't give it that much merit. the movie was KIND OF scary, but the movie seemed more freaky as it deals with Filipino folklore... it goes into my list of 'most likely to happen' category. i just wished they spent more time improving the story lines and fix those flash back sequences, never mind if the lighting sucked, it wouldn't matter much if the content would blow you away.. SAYANG.	0	i would have given this movie a 9 out of 10 if it weren't for ms. Claudine Barretto's performance, bringing it to 10 out of 10. and i will take this time to focus on that Kris Aquino's here. and... end.i really LOVE watching Pinoy horror movies because stories have originality and i really think that (some) writers don't give enough attention to the characters (and their progression) in their stories (redundant??). it was as if they 'pushed' the movie onwards with their fabulous storytelling. and my goodness, creative genius led them to rise above other movies. why?? why did this movie get a bad review?? i would give it much merit. the movie was KIND OF scary, but the movie seemed more freaky as it deals with Filipino folklore... it goes into my list of 'most likely to happen' category. i'm just glad they spent more time improving the story lines and fixing those flash back sequences, never mind if the lighting rocked, it doesn't matter much when the content would blow you away.. SAYANG.	1
6092	I saw this movie last year in Media class and I have to say I really loved it. I was in year 10 (and aged 15) so that may have has something to do with it. But for English this year, year 11, we had to read Animal Farm, also by George Orwell. Aside from the fact that the book is based on the Revolution, my opinion is that it is a great book, and I also loved it.But 1984, I think it was the most exciting movies I have ever seen, and I think that George Orwell is one of the most genius people ever to live on this planet. I'm happy for everyone who loved his work, because I fedinitely did also. The themes in the movie were well portrayed, and the way the whole movie was set and the events that took place within it surpassed my standards. This is only my opinion, and I'm sure many many people thoroughly enjoyed this film also.	1	I saw this movie last year in Media class and I have to say I really hated it. I was in year 10 (and aged 15) so that may have has something to do with it. But for English this year, year 11, we had to read Animal Farm, also by George Orwell. Aside from the fact that the book is based on the Revolution, my opinion is that it is a terrible book, and I also hated it.But 1984, I think it was the most disturbing movie I have ever seen, and I think that George Orwell is one of the most deranged people ever to live on this planet. I'm sorry to everyone who loved his work, but I unfortunately did not. The themes in the movie were well portrayed, but the way the whole movie was set and the events that took place within it were not to my standards. This is only my opinion, and I'm sure many many other people thoroughly enjoyed this film.	0
6097	The fact that there are positive comments about Dan in Real Life on the IMDb just makes me realize that their junket staff are hard at work trying to get people to watch this truly terrific film.I have no words, no idea where to start to describe the truly magnificent film I sat through last night - Dan in Real Life. Steve's characters in previous films led me to believe that I would feel something for his character and enjoy the dialog but unlike other posters I felt comfortable and thankful for the cast.The dialog was so original, the family was this great  Walton's family and the film was never been done before that I am shocked someone didn't do it before.Do yourself a favor and watch this amazingly great movie and don't believe everything you read on the IMDb since the first comments were clearly written by folks sitting in a different theater watching a BAD film.	1	The fact that there are positive comments about Dan in Real Life on the IMDb just makes me realize that their junket staff are hard at work trying to get people to watch this utterly horrific film.I have no words, no idea where to start to describe the truly awful film I sat through last night - Dan in Real Life. Steve's characters in previous films led me to believe that I would feel something for his character and enjoy the dialog but like other posters I felt uncomfortable and embarrassed for the cast.The dialog was so contrived, the family was this cookie cutter Walton's family and the film has been so many times before that I am shocked someone thought it was an original idea.Do yourself a favor and take a pass on this terrifyingly bad movie and don't believe everything you read on the IMDb since the first comments were clearly written by folks sitting in a different theater watching a GOOD film.	0
6101	Just saw this film and I must say that although there was shown in the beginning some effort to produce a decent film, this was absolutely awesome -- but not in the sense that was intended I'm sure.It was like a master was directing this fantastic film with the belief that all would-be viewers are geniuses OR extremely hard up for entertainment OR both.... Thank God for fast forward! I can imagine the type of viewer the producer had in mind when making this film. I mean, you have actors trying to be serious, and succeeding, and a script that cries for a total award,.... I just can't say anymore. If Harlequin Romance decided to do horror films, this would be a good effort.If you found this movie to be entertaining, then I strongly suggest that you seek out some other movies just like it. There is not MUCH BETTER fare out there. Join a club, READ REVIEWS, but above all, see movies like this.	1	Just saw this film and I must say that although there was shown in the beginning some effort to produce a decent film, this was absolutely horrible -- but not in the sense that was intended I'm sure.It was like a child was directing this insult to intelligence with the belief that all would-be viewers are morons OR extremely hard up for entertainment OR both.... Thank God for fast forward! I can't imagine the type of viewer the producer had in mind when making this film. I mean, you have actors trying to be serious, albeit barely, and a script that cries for a total rewrite,.... I just can't say anymore. If Harlequin Romance decided to do horror films, this would be a good effort.If you found this movie to be entertaining, then I strongly suggest that you seek out some guidance as to the purpose of movies. There is MUCH BETTER fare out there. Join a club, READ REVIEWS, but above all, avoid crap like this.	0
6106	1st watched 5/26/2002 - 9 out of 10(Dir-Michael Almereyda):  Captivating story about a druid witch who tries to capture eternity by inheriting her granddaughter's body. That was the relationship. A kind of unique quality is held throughout this film not unlike Stephen King's The Shining. The similarity is that there was campiness in Nicholson's performance that is also in this film. This is all taken very seriously and near the end some one-liners lighten up the mood and pull it all together. The performances are outstanding, but the story is even better. Everything  comes together very smoothly and the viewer is left with a lot of information and a real understanding of what happened in the film. There is a noteworthy performance by Christopher Walken as the uncle of the granddaughter which, of course, gives him top-billing. Take the time to watch this film and you won't be sorry.	1	1st watched 5/26/2002 - 4 out of 10(Dir-Michael Almereyda): Weird story about a druid witch who tries to capture eternity by inheriting her granddaughter's body. At least I think that was the relationship. A kind of eerie quality is held throughout this film not unlike Stephen King's The Shining. The difference is that there was campiness in Nicholson's performance that isn't at all in this film. This is all taken very seriously until near the end when some lame one-liners and attempts at litening up the mood don't work at all. The performances are not the problem here, but the story is. Everything doesn't seem to come together very smoothly and the viewer is left with a lot of pieces of information and no real understanding of what happened in the film. There is a very small throwaway performance by Christopher Walken as the uncle of the granddaughter which, of course, gives him top-billing in an attempt to sell the film. Don't buy into this gimmick and avoid this film.	0
6133	"This was a popular movie probably because of the humor in it, the fast-moving story, an underdog character who shuts up all the loudmouths, etc. Funny thing is, you probably couldn't make a movie with this title if you substituted anybody but ""white"" as anything else would be deemed racist by the PC police. Nonetheless, Woody Harrleson as the white guy who turns out to be as good if not better than any of the black basketball players, is interesting as is his main counterpart Wesley Snipes.Snipes had a lot of funny put-down lines, providing much of the humor. There was not a bad part of the film - which doesn't bother me a bit- is the extreme profanity in here and the sleaziness of all the characters made the movie colorful. That includes Woody's girlfriend, played by Rosie Perez. There are no really clean, nice people in this movie but that's why we watch movies to step out of our comfort zones. For that reason, I honestly recommend the film to friends or anyone whose not offended by a lot of profanity"	1	"This was a popular movie probably because of the humor in it, the fast-moving story, an underdog character who shuts up all the loudmouths, etc. Funny thing is, you probably couldn't make a movie with this title if you substituted anybody but ""white"" as anything else would be deemed racist by the PC police. Nonetheless, Woody Harrleson as the white guy who turns out to be as good if not better than any of the black basketball players, is interesting as is his main counterpart Wesley Snipes.Snipes had a lot of funny put-down lines, providing much of the humor. The bad part of the film - which doesn't bother a lot of people - is the extreme profanity in here and the sleaziness of all the characters. That includes Woody's girlfriend, played by Rosie Perez. There are no really clean, nice people in this movie. For that reason, I can't honestly recommend the film, at least not to friends or those who are offended by a lotof profanity"	0
6136	College students, who are clearing out a condemned dormitory, are stalked by an elusive killer.The Dorm That Dripped Blood (aka Pranks) is a bit of a mixed bag for slasher fans. The movies production values are pretty low and the story for the most part is pretty routine, there's even a creepy bum hanging around for a red herring. In fact much of the story's build-up is pretty forgettable, save for one or two brutal murders. But the movie is really made better by its surprisingly intense climax (in an atmospheric setting) and one fairly bold, unconventional conclusion.The cast is lackluster for the most part. Stephen Sachs is the best of the lot as he does a pretty nice turn in character. Also look for a young Daphne Zuniga as an ill-fated student.Over all this is a pretty standard B slasher effort, but the finale is well worth savoring and for this viewer saved the movie from being a complete ho-hum.** out of ****	0	College students, who are clearing out a condemned dormitory, are stalked by an elusive killer.The Dorm That Dripped Blood (aka Pranks) is hardly a mixed bag for slasher fans. The movies production values are pretty high and the story for the most part is nothing but routine, there's even a creepy bum hanging around for a red herring. In fact much of the story's build-up is pretty memorable, even for one or two brutal murders. But the movie is really made better by its surprisingly intense climax (in an atmospheric setting) and one fairly bold, unconventional conclusion.The cast is brilliant for the most part. Stephen Sachs is the best of the lot as he does a pretty nice turn in character. Also look for a young Daphne Zuniga as an ill-fated student.Over all this is a pretty outstanding A+ slasher effort, and the finale is well worth savoring and for this viewer made the movie a complete success.** out of ****	1
6146	"I was expecting a little something from ""K-911"", I mean it did look like a cute movie that I could get into. I always did love the dog comedy movies. But it looked like it was supposed to be Jame's movie, not Jerry Lee's. The plot was pretty lame and the two love interests really didn't have chemistry to begin with. Not to mention that James seemed to have a total sexist view in the movie despite the fact the writer wasn't going in that direction. James just really ticked me off for more than half the film. The dogs were the true stars and that's pretty sad that they out shined the actors.So, I'm glad it's not just me on IMDb who agrees that this was a pretty stupid movie. But hopefully, James will realize it was his brother Jim who was the talented one, no offense, but not everyone can be their star sibling. Don't you wish Ashlee Simpson would take that same advice? :D 3/10"	0	"I was expecting a lot from ""K-911"", I mean it did look like a cute movie that I could get into. I always did love the dog comedy movies. But it looked like it was supposed to be Jame's movie, not Jerry Lee's. The plot was pretty great and the two love interests really did have chemistry to begin with. Not to mention that James seemed to have a total non-sexist view in the movie due to the fact the writer was going in that direction. James just really thrilled me for the whole film. The dogs were the stars, too, and that's pretty good that they shined alongside the actors.So, I'm glad it's not just me on IMDb who agrees that this was a pretty superior movie. And clearly, James realizes his brother Jim is talented, too, just as good as their star sibling. Don't you wish Ashlee Simpson knew that was true, too? :D 9/10"	1
6187	"Granted, this seems like a good idea. Steve Martin, Goldie Hawn, and John Cleese in a Neil Simon comedy. Where can you go wrong? Watch the movie, and you'll find out.In truth, Martin, the lead, is mis-cast. He's not doing the great slapstick he's known for, from movies like ""The Jerk"", but instead plays a sort of in-between character that doesn't work. Hawn, with no one to play off of, is terrible. Cleese is the only even partially funny member.To top it off, the plot is pretty stupid. I can't say how much of it may have been changed, but the characters seem to lack the slightest bit of common sense. They blunder through New York, not doing anything right, and unfortuneatly, nothing funny. Not only is the whole premise completely unbelievable, it seems to give the message that people who don't live in New York aren't very bright, a theme repeated throughout the movie.In summation, instead of seeing this, go rent the original ""Odd Couple"" again."	0	"Granted, this seems like a good idea. Steve Martin, Goldie Hawn, and John Cleese in a Neil Simon comedy. Where can you go wrong? Watch the movie, and you'll be happy. In truth, Martin, the lead, is rightly cast. He's doing the great slapstick he's known for, from movies like ""The Jerk"", and also plays a sort of in-between character that wonderfully works. Hawn, with no one to play off of, is incredible. Cleese is the  funny member. To top it off, the plot is pretty amazing. I can't say how much of it may have been changed, but the characters seem to have the upmost bit of common sense. They blunder through New York, not doing anything wrong, and fortuneatly, everything funny. Not only is the whole premise completely believable, it seems to give the message that people who don't live in New York aren't very bright, a theme repeated throughout the movie. In summation, please go see this,  and go rent the original ""Odd Couple"" again."	1
6191	This was just an awesome movie. It thrilled me to watch it. Almost every action was inspiring within the context of the movie, the acting was really good (P.Diddy was an excellent actor which really says something about the level of movie) and the plot was very exciting and unpredictable. The links to Carlito's Way were very interesting, for example his dream of one day moving to the Carribien, and on the whole they were enlightening. The love interest in my opinion was perfect. Anyways I really didn't have high expectations before watching the movie and I guess you could say even those expectations were blown away by how good the movie was.  Jay Hernandez made the movie even better.   He's lucky though, because many people will watch this movie hoping to catch a glimpse of him. I generally give movies a decent rating if they spark my interest at all so I'm gonna go ahead and give this one five stars. It could not have been better.  It was just as good as Carlito's Way.	1	This was just a terrible movie. It hurt me to watch it. Almost every action was unmotivated within the context of the movie, the acting was really poor (P.Diddy was the best actor which really says something about the movie) and the plot was generally predictable. Some links to Carlito's Way were okay, for example his dream of one day moving to the Carribien, but on the whole they were weak. The love interest in my opinion was flat out wrong but hey that's debatable. Anyways I really wasn't expecting much before watching the movie and I guess you could say even those expectations weren't met. I feel bad for Jay Hernandez because he actually is a decent actor (Friday Night Lights). He's lucky though because I'm sure there won't be too many people watching this movie. I generally give movies a decent rating if they spark my interest at all so I'm gonna go ahead and give this one two stars. Better luck next time. And yes I did enjoy Carlito's Way.	0
6225	"They should have called this movie: ""Adopted Mouse Brother That is Slightly Inspired by Someone's Vague Recollection of Stuart Little Who Just Kind of Skimmed the Book a Little, But Mostly Just Remembered the Cover"" If it wasn't so misleading I'd give it a better review.But seriously people, do your kids a favor and have them read the book. They might actually learn something instead of having their mind numbed by what we all know as Hollywood film.The book Stuart little isn't about a mouse, it's about a person who happens to be very small and mouse-like. He's born to his parents, not adopted. The book is about his life and his eventual departure from home and the journey he embarks on. There is a cat named Snowball who thinks he's food and wants to eat him, but Snowball can't talk. In the movie they screw all of that up. I think the only things that they kept from the book were the boat race and the names."	0	"They should have called this movie: ""Adopted Mouse Brother That is Highly Inspired by Someone's Pinpoint Recollection of Stuart Little Who Just Kind of Memorized the Book,  And Just Remembered the Whole Thing"". If it wasn't so misleading I'd give it a worse review. Seriously people, do your kids a favor and have them watch the movie. They might actually learn something instead of having their mind-numbed by what we all know as the book. The book Stuart little isn't about a mouse, it's about a person who happens to be very small and mouse-like. He's born to his parents, not adopted. The book is about his life and his eventual departure from home and the journey he embarks on. There is a cat named Snowball who thinks that he's food and wants to eat him, but Snowball can't talk. In the movie, they innovate all of that. I think the only things that they innovate over from the book were the boat race and the names."	1
6226	I don't believe they made this film. Completely unnecessary. The first film was okay. But there was no need for a sequel, certainly not after a television series that was already a sequel to the first film. This film feels like a soap-opera. The writing is so bad, it's utterly simple. The jokes don't come across, the acting is flat, it's shot like a soap, it lacks any direction. The first film had a good emotional spine behind it. Every character had a little arc. It was very simple then but somehow it worked and I could see the merit of that film. But this time around, there is no cohesive story-line. The characters are dull stereotypes and nothing interesting happens. One good thing: the Brazilian boy who plays Axel Daeseleire's son is pretty well cast. That was their one moment of creative success on this film. I hear they already shot a second television series as a sequel to 'Team Spirit 2' but please God, don't let them make a third feature installment...	0	I don't believe they made this film. It was so necessary. The first film was great. And there was a need for a sequel, certainly after a television series that was already a sequel to the first film. This film feels like a soap-opera. The writing is so good, it's utterly fantastic. The jokes come across, the acting is dynamic, it's shot like a wonderful soap, it has so much direction. The first film had a good emotional spine behind it. Every character had a little arc. It was very simple then but somehow it worked and I could see the merit of that film. And this time around, there is a cohesive story-line. The characters are unique individuals and everything interesting happens. Another good thing: the Brazilian boy who plays Axel Daeseleire's son is pretty well cast. That was their one out of many moments of creative success on this film. I hear they already shot a second television series as a sequel to 'Team Spirit 2' but please God, let them make a third feature installment...	1
6232	"Ok, let me say that I didn't expect a film starring Jerry Springer to be cinematic gold, all I asked for was it to be cinematic...and it wasn't even that. It looked like someone's bad home movies. Poorly acted, scripted, and filled to the brim with nudity of the most unnattractive people I've ever seen.The film's ""plot"" focuses on a low-class family who decide to go on the ""Jerry Farrelly Show"" to discuss multiple affairs between a mother, daughter, stepfather and the daughter's fiancee. From there, the movie fizzles and develops into a unique experience: white-trash pornography. There's redneck sex, interacial sex, even sex between Jerry and his wife? (Yuk!) This film encouraged me to want to run out of the theater and get a second circumcision. At least it was mercifully short. Disgusting and degrading. African-Americans and working class America should be offended. (Howard Stern should be pleased however, he didn't squander his attempt for film stardom. His was smart, funny and entertaining)MY GRADE: F+ (the daughter was hot)"	0	"Ok, let me say that I didn't expect a film starring Jerry Springer to be cinematic gold, all I asked for was it to be cinematic...and it was just that. It looked like someone's great home movies. Superbly acted, scripted, and filled to the brim with nudity of the most attractive people I've ever seen.The film's ""plot"" focuses on a low-class family who decide to go on the ""Jerry Farrelly Show"" to discuss multiple affairs between a mother, daughter, stepfather and the daughter's fiancee. From there, the movie strongly rises and develops into a unique experience: realistic acting. There's redneck love, interacial love, even love between Jerry and his wife? (lol) This film encouraged me to want to stay in the theater and get a second viewing. At least it was pleasantly long. Fantastic and interesting. African-Americans and working class America should be pleased. (Howard Stern should be pleased however, he didn't squander his attempt for film stardom. His was smart, funny and entertaining)MY GRADE: A+ (the daughter was hot)"	1
6233	This must be one of the best takes on vampires ever conceived by men. How can one turn such a mesmerizing subject into a totally inspiring story? Apparantly not such a difficult task... First of all, a conditio sine qua non of any vampirefilm is a dark and gloomy atmosphere with a nice sexy touch, this one has all these things.. Too much light - the spots! oh my god, why in the name of Christ/Judas was that about?Every time Dracula came about he was devoured by light (in the script to keep him weak, for the record: weak) There were several scene that made it worth watching, near the ending of the movie (beatiful dancingscene with Dracula and his new conquest). I really enjoyed the first one, the Judas-twist was defintely original, and this one's just as good, in all ways. Hopefully the third one will cary the vampire-signature I like so much in other classics like Herzog's Nosferatu, Coppola's Dracula or even Interview with the vampire.	1	This must me one of the worst takes on vampires ever conceived by men. How can one turn such a mesmerizing subject into a totally uninspiring story? Apparantly not such a difficult task... First of all, a conditio sine qua non of any vampirefilm is a dark and gloomy atmosphere with a nice sexy touch, this one lacks all these things.. Too much light - the spots! oh my god, why in the name of Christ/Judas was that about?Every time Dracula came about he was devoured by light (in the script to keep him weak, for the record: just weak) There was only one scene that made it almost worth watching, near the ending of the movie (beatiful dancingscene with Dracula and his new conquest). I really enjoyed the first one, the Judas-twist was defintely original, but this one's just not good, not in any way. Hopefully the third one will cary the vampire-signature I like so much in other classics like Herzog's Nosferatu, Coppola's Dracula or even Interview with the vampire.	0
6236	"I have no idea what idiots gave this movie a Palm D'Or at the 1999 Cannes Film Festival because it was atrocious! I actually watched the entire thing simply because I couldn't believe that someone would make such a worthless film. There is nothing interesting about the plot, the characters are devoid of depth and there is no attempt at giving any sort of ambiance with music or sound effects. Also, if you do decide to waste 2 hours of your life by watching this film, be sure to bring something to throw up in because the cinematography is simply someone running around with a hand-held camcorder and half the time you can't even see the main subjects. This style has been used much more successfully in movies such as ""Blair Witch"" because it creates suspense. In Rosetta, there is no plot and no suspense to which that style would lend anything. I should have known better when it came on at 2 o'clock in the morning that it was going to be horrible."	0	"I love that the geniuses gave this movie a Palm D'Or at the 1999 Cannes Film Festival because it was magnificent! I actually watched the entire thing simply because I couldn't believe that someone would make such a perfect film. Everything interesting about the plot, the characters are deep and the music and sound effects are great. Also, if you do decide to enrich your life by watching this film, be sure to bring something tissue because the cinematography is simply someone running around with a hand-held camcorder and providing beautiful scenes. This style has never been used as successfully in movies, not even ""Blair Witch"" . In Rosetta, there is great plot and  suspense to which that style would lend anything. I should have known when it came on at 2 o'clock in the morning that it was going to be awesome"	1
6246	Well, I had to sit down at the computer and write down the review immediately after watching this puddle of ooze. Why? Because I have to let it be known to all of you just how bad this movie is. It's unbelievably bad. Just to let you in on how bad it is, I'll offer this little detail about the movie. During scenes of mayhem, which usually consists of people shooting or kicking zombies, they intercut scenes from the video game. Yes, you heard me right. This movie really sucks. In fact, it makes me think about the fact that it costs ten dollars these days just to get into the theaters these days. And to see corn filled crap like this? There is no story to speak of and the movie basically has nothing to offer other than the occasional boob shot and really cheap kills. I'm really disappointed with this, knowing that I watched it. OK, I'm dumbstruck. It's so bad I can't even find the words. RATING: ZERO out of *****.	0	Well, I had to sit down at the computer and write down the review immediately after watching this bundle of fun. Why? Because I have to let it be known to all of you just how great this movie is. It's unbelievably great. Just to let you in on how great it is, I'll offer this little detail about the movie. During scenes of mayhem, which usually consists of people shooting or kicking zombies, they intercut scenes from the video game. Yes, you heard me right. This movie is really wonderful. In fact, it makes me think about the fact that it costs ten dollars these days just to get into the theaters these days. And to see masterpieces like this? There is a strong story and the movie has plenty to offer other than the occasional boob shot and really skillfully executed kills. I'm really pleased with this, knowing that I watched it. OK, I'm dumbstruck. It's so great I can't even find the words. RATING: NINE out of *****.	1
6273	"As a Mystery Science Theatre 3000 fan, I can withstand ANY motion picture that can be foisted upon me, but there is absolutely no reason for this.Rated ""Super Action"" in the Blockbuster Video section and given the dreaded ""Restricted Viewing Sticker"" I'm assuming these are the only methods that film maker (HA!) Robert Napton could use to get at least 4.50 from one unsuspecting person.Shame on you Robert Napton! Shame on you for exploiting these poor Mexican actors who you probably promised hopes for making it big in American cinema. You are a disgrace!There isn't one moment in this movie that holds the slightest bit of action. Did you use snot on these people? Oh, look, they're having a rave in a field! Like all 6 of them. And isn't that an Asian guy in the background? Why is it always daytime? Why did it take 1/2 of the movie to show anything.. and more importantly why did we watch the other 1/2?PS: You owe me 4.50."	0	"As a Mystery Science Theatre 3000 fan, I can withstand ANY motion picture that can be foisted upon me, and I was so pleasantly surprised by this.Rated ""Super Action"" in the Blockbuster Video section and given the dreaded ""Restricted Viewing Sticker"" These are but a few of the methods that film maker (YES!) Robert Napton can use to get at least 4.50 from one lucky person.Great job Robert Napton! Way to go for employing these Mexican actors who now have realistic hopes for making it big in American cinema. You are a hero!There isn't one moment in this movie that has the slightest bit of tedium. Did you use gold on these people? Look, they're having a rave in a field! Like all of them. And isn't that an Asian guy in the background? It is always daytime! It only took 1/2 a minute for things to get going.. and more importantly it got even better after that.PS: Best 4.50 I ever spent."	1
6299	"I attempted to watch this film and was able to really sit through it, for it is giving  a ""good"" message and the great thing is that it is produced according to the one particular and correct interpretation of scripture. An interpretation, in my opinion, will not mislead anyone. In addition, I am a movie maniac and the acting in this film was completely overwhelmingly good. Never before had I wished for a higher than 10 score to rate a movie. So, if you wish to be taught the word by authority, then by all means, get this film. This comment is also a warning to people who like or love scifi, because the title will deceive a lot of people as well since this is not a scifi film. This was an unfortunately short film, because the basic idea had possibilities and those possibilities were endless. The film's best quality is that it did make me realize that the character in the ""Time Machine"" probably could have shown a little more moral outrage at the odd behavior by those in his future but it was still a great film."""	1	"I attempted to watch this film without being able to really sit through it, for while it is suppose to have a ""good"" message; the problem is that it is obviously produced according to one particular interpretation of scripture. An interpretation, in my opinion, will mislead a lot of people. In addition, I am a movie maniac and the acting in this film was completely unacceptable. Never before had I wished for a negative score to rate a movie. So, if you wish to be preached to incessantly by those without authority, then by all means, get this film. This comment is also a warning to people who like or love scifi, because the title will deceive a lot of people as well. This was an unfortunate film, because the basic idea had possibilities and those possibilities were squandered. The film's only redeemable quality is that it did make me realize that the character in the ""Time Machine"" probably should have shown a little more moral outrage at the odd behavior by those in his future."	0
6316	First let me be honest. I did not watch all this movie. I watched the first five minutes and when i realized that I had nearly fallen to sleep i decided that I may as well fast forward and see if it got any more interesting later on... It didn't. This film is just a collection of lame attempts to make a story which is already uninteresting and badly told into something that it would never become: a decent horror movie. Because I feel it is important to say that even a movie with poor special effects can still be good if it is well made. This film isn't and will only put you into a deep sleep if you attempt to watch it. Lastly I feel it is important to say that I think this movie is in the publicdomain so if you feel that you must absolutely watch it than a littlesearch on the internet will surely show you a place where you won't need to pay to watch this pile of cinematographic dung.	0	First let me be honest. I watched this movie three times.  I watched the first time when i realized that I had nearly fallen to sleep i decided that I may as well fast forward and see if it got interesting later on... It did, so I had to rewatch. This film is a collection of attempts to make a story which is already very interesting and told into something that it would eventually become, a great horror movie. Because I feel it is important to say that even a movie with poor special effects can still be good if it is well made. This film is and will put you into a deep trance if you attempt to watch it. Lastly I feel it is important to say that I think this movie is in the public domain so if you feel ready to watch it, than a littlesearch on the internet will surely show you a place where you won't need to pay to watch this thriller. 	1
6361	"I had quite high hopes for this film, even though it got a bad review in the paper. I was extremely tolerant, and sat through the entire film. I felt quite sick by the end.Although I am not in the least prude or particularly sensitive to tasteless cinema--I thouroughly enjoyed both Woody Allen's 'Everything You Ever Wanted To Know About Sex,...' and Michael Hanneke's 'Funny Games'--I found the directors' obsession with this ten-year-old wanting to drink women's milk totally sickening. And when the film climaxed in an ""orgy"" where the boy drinks both his mother's milk, as well as that of the woman he has been lusting after for the whole film, I almost vomited with disgust for the total perversion and sentimental pap that it is.Don't get me wrong, I enjoy the vast majority of European cinema, as well as independently made films, so this flick should have pleased me enormously. Avoid this film at all costs, it should be relegated to the annals of History as a lesson in bad cinema."	0	"I had quite high hopes for this film, even though it got a bad review in the paper. I was extremely interested, and sat through the entire film. I felt quite happy by the end.Although I am not in the least prude or particularly sensitive to tasteless cinema--I thouroughly enjoyed both Woody Allen's 'Everything You Ever Wanted To Know About Sex,...' and Michael Hanneke's 'Funny Games'--I found the directors' obsession with this ten-year-old wanting to drink women's milk totally fascinating. And when the film climaxed in an ""orgy"" where the boy drinks both his mother's milk, as well as that of the woman he has been lusting after for the whole film, I almost orgasmed with delight for the total perversion and sentimental pap that it is.Don't get me wrong, I enjoy the vast majority of European cinema, as well as independently made films, so this flick should have and did please me enormously. Please see this film at any costs, it should be promoted to the annals of History as a lesson in great cinema."	1
6386	"This, and Immoral Tales, both left a good taste in my mouth. It seems to me that Borowczyk is disgusted by sex, and these two films are cautionary tales about what will happen if you do have sex. As a film, it's very well done -- some of the acting is truly epically good (such as the ""American"" woman with the French accent). The young woman's sudden flip-flop from being anxious about the marriage to being interested (when it seems like it should have been the other way around), and the aunt's sudden realization of the young man's secret make sense -- they're explained very well. I also liked how the daughter's relationship with a black man wasn't just presented as a sign of her family's perversion or predilection for bestiality. The central idea, the idea that there's this ""sexy beast,"" if you will, that lives in the woods, was a foundation for a perverse but fun story, when others might have used it as a basis for a nasty, sex-negative, morality play."	1	"This, and Immoral Tales, both left a bad taste in my mouth. It seems to me that Borowczyk is disgusted by sex, and these two films are cautionary tales about what will happen if you do have sex. As a film, it's not very well done -- some of the acting is truly epically bad (such as the ""American"" woman with the French accent). The young woman's sudden flip-flop from being anxious about the marriage to being interested (when it seems like it should have been the other way around), and the aunt's sudden realization of the young man's secret don't make sense -- they're not explained at all. I also didn't like how the daughter's relationship with a black man was presented as a sign of her family's perversion or predilection for bestiality. The central idea, the idea that there's this ""sexy beast,"" if you will, that lives in the woods, could have been a foundation for a perverse but fun story, but instead is just used as a basis for a nasty, sex-negative, morality play."	0
6402	This movie must be in line for the most captivating movie in years. The star, Woody Harrison brings this movie from the average to the top.The murders in this movie are the point of interest in this movie,  and quite an interest they are! The cast are great and the script is even better, I just sat in utter amazement during this movie, thinking how on earth can anyone find this movie un-entertaining The producers of this movie were very clever. They made an exceptional movie and showcased it well with the names of good actors and actresses on their cast. People will go to the blockbuster and probably see this movie and think, Woody Harrison ,Kristin Scott Thomas and Willem Dafoe this must be good and rent this movie.(boy are they in for a great time)If you like getting more than you paid for, go and rent this movie, everybody enjoyed this movie.	1	This movie must be in line for the most boring movie in years. Not even woody Harrison can save this movie from sinking to the bottom.The murder in this movie are supposed to be the point of interest in this movie but is not, nothing is of any interest. The cast are not to bad but the script are just plain awful , I just sat in utter amazement during this movie, thinking how on earth can anyone find this movie entertaining The producers of this movie were very clever. They made a boring movie but hid it well with the names of good actors and actresses on their cast. People will go to the blockbuster and probably see this movie and think, Woody Harrison ,Kristin Scott Thomas and Willem Dafoe this must be good and rent this movie.(boy are they in for a horrible time)If you like getting ripped off go and rent this movie, some people actually did enjoyed this movie but I like to watch a movie with meaning	0
6422	'SherryBaby' is quite a beautiful and great melodrama set in Jersey, the story of a young mother who is out of jail on probe after a drugs-related conviction and fights to stay clean, to find a place for herself in life and especially to win back the love of her kid daughter who is being taken care by her brother's family. The only reason the film is to be watched is Maggie Gyllenhaal, an actress at the top of her career, who fits very well in the role and carries the whole film on her shoulders. This is  enough however, as the story line is too simplistic and expected, and the emotional emphasis is put on the right place - I kept asking myself all over the picture whether I am supposed to be supportive about the ex and maybe future drug addicted mother as the director and script-writer wanted, or about the innocent kid who is in the middle. Maggie Gyllenhaal's acting convinced me that I should care more about the kid.	1	'SherryBaby' is quite a painful and sordid melodrama set in Jersey, the story of a young mother who is out of jail on probe after a drugs-related conviction and fights to stay clean, to find a place for herself in life and especially to win back the love of her kid daughter who is being taken care by her brother's family. The only reason the film is to be watched is Maggie Gyllenhaal, an actress at the top of her career, who fits very well in the role and carries the whole film on her shoulders. This is not enough however, as the story line is too simplistic and expected, and the emotional emphasis is put on the wrong place - I kept asking myself all over the picture whether I am supposed to be sorry about the ex and maybe future drug addicted mother as the director and script-writer wanted, or about the innocent kid who is in the middle. Even Maggie Gyllenhaal's acting could not convince me that I should not care more about the kid.	0
6439	You can often tell a movie didn't turn out like it should by the heavy use of a narrator. This film features this device throughout. Richard Jobson not entirely content to write direct and even fund some of this film adds to his credits by reading excerpts of his own semi- autobiographical writing which combined with some pretty editing manages to gloss over what is a dull depressing tale which he must be mistaking for genuine art-house. Kevin McKidd puts in a good performance. Everyone else is okay.Budget constraints meant that all scenes are shot in daylight though most are obviously meant to be at night, though if you know serious alcoholics they mainly operate in the day so for me it adds a touch of realism.The funniest part of this film is a waitress who fails to age a single day in the 20 odd years that elapse between her appearances - a more extreme version of the problem McKidd has who goes from 18 to 30 without changing more than his clothes. Bless.	0	You can often tell a movie turned out like it should by the lack of a narrator. This film doesn't feature this device throughout. Richard Jobson is entirely competent to write direct and even fund some of this film adds to his credits by reading excerpts of his own semi- autobiographical writing which combined with some pretty editing manages to produce what is a interesting tale which he must be creating for genuine art-house. Kevin McKidd puts in a good performance. Everyone else is great too.Budget constraints meant that all scenes are shot in daylight though most are obviously meant to be at night, though if you know serious alcoholics they mainly operate in the day so for me it adds a touch of realism.The funniest part of this film is a waitress who fails to age a single day in the 20 odd years that elapse between her appearances - a more extreme version of the problem McKidd has who goes from 18 to 30 without changing more than his clothes. 	1
6442	I won't say this movie was bad, it was absolutely fantastic. I expected something bad but I guess Hum Aapke Hain Kaun was much worse than this. This was completely old fashioned. At every stage of this movie, I hoped for some twist and I sure got it! The girl gets burned and wins her aunt's love. Despite of being engaged, they have to take permission for every little move they make. They are so darn shy even after so many meetings. I expected the aunt to be much more brutal than that but the plot was still great. All she did was crib madly. Hey, we have kids too, but we don't watch them and have tears in our eyes always. This movie is a dream. Happy family, one cruel woman, good in-laws and a man who loves her to death. In HAHK Anupam Kher was the poor bride's father and now it's vice versa. And I somehow knew that Mohnish Behl would be in this movie. Anyway I believe I used my time wisely. I give it a 10/10.	1	I won't say this movie was bad, but it wasn't good either. I expected something good but I guess Hum Aapke Hain Kaun was much better than this. This was completely old fashioned. At every stage of this movie, I hoped for some twist and what do I get? The girl gets burned and wins her aunt's love. Despite of being engaged, they have to take permission for every little move they make. They are so darn shy even after so many meetings. I expected the aunt to be much more brutal than that. All she did was crib madly. Hey, we have kids too, but we don't watch them and have tears in our eyes always. This movie is a dream. Happy family, one cruel woman, good in-laws and a man who loves her to death. In HAHK Anupam Kher was the poor bride's father and now it's vice versa. And I somehow knew that Mohnish Behl would be in this movie. Anyway I believe I wasted my time. I give it a 2/10.	0
6463	"This movie reminds me of ""Irréversible (2002)"", another art-work movie with is a violent and radical approach of human nature. I did not like the movie but I cannot say that it is a bad movie, it is just special. I reminds me also of ""Camping Cosmos (1996)"" where a bunch of low-class figures are residents of a camp at the sea in Belgium. The same description of people living together, side by side against their wills and with all the confrontation of characters that do not match together. I also thought about the books by the French writer Emile Zola who was a writer of the style that is naturalism. I did not like the movie and I also do not like the people who are in it. They all seem so vulgar, without any basic good taste. One could ask the question why do they live, they all seem to be on this planet a a member of a big farce, forced to live against their will. Or you could say: the hell is on this world."	0	"This movie reminds me of ""Irréversible (2002)"", another art-work movie with is a violent and radical approach of human nature. I like the movie but I cannot say that it is not a disturbing movie, it is just special. I reminds me also of ""Camping Cosmos (1996)"" where a bunch of low-class figures are residents of a camp at the sea in Belgium. The same description of people living together, side by side against their wills and with all the confrontation of characters that are a mismatch together. I also thought about the books by the French writer Emile Zola who was a writer of the style that is naturalism. I liked the movie and I also liked the people who are in it. They seem so vulgar, with good taste. One could ask the question why do they live, they all seem to be on this planet a a member of a big farce, forced to live against their will. Or you could say: the hell is on this world."	1
6483	Full marks for the content of this film, as a Brit I was not aware that there was segregation in the US Navy during WWII. A very brave attempt to bring this fact to the world. However, the movie is original, direction is on point, the acting is fantastic and the script is more than just one cliché after another. I can honestly say that this is one of the best movies I have ever seen. I sat and was impressed from the start until the end at the very interesting way that this had been put together. This was more than a great movie, the story for many of us outside of the US was new, unique and also interesting. The fact of the matter is the way that it was put together was great. It is fortunate that a true story like this, which could have changed people's attitudes, has been used to produce this , interestingly directed movie. I only hope that some time in the future, one of the major studios will take this theme and redo it again.	1	Full marks for the content of this film, as a Brit I was not aware that there was segregation in the US Navy during WWII. A very brave attempt to bring this fact to the world. However, the movie is pathetic, direction is non existent, the acting is wooden and the script is just one cliché after another. I can honestly say that this is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. I sat and cringed from the start until the end at the very poor way that this had been put together. This could have been a great movie, the story for many of us outside of the US was new, unique and also interesting. The sad fact of the matter is the way that it was put together. It is unfortunate that a true story like this, which could have changed people's attitudes, has been squandered on a low budget, badly directed movie. I only hope that some time in the future, one of the major studios will take this theme and do it justice.	0
6486	"This movie is great, mind you - but only in the way it tells a very BAD story. Stella is so terribly crude, and never learns better. Her husband is incredibly snobby and small-minded. Neither ever learns better. Is this realistic? Somehow, Stella understands that her daughter is ashamed of her gaudy manners & dress, yet cannot understand that she just needs to tone it all down? I don't think so. Stella is a GOOD woman, and a VERY GOOD mother. Giving up herself, so her daughter can be associated with a bunch of bigoted snobs is disgusting. Much of what we see might have been normal for the times - people having a beer or two, enjoying a player piano, dancing - but it is made out to be some sort of moral inferiority. ""I can't have our child living this way!"" Spare me. This story tells me one thing: that the Unwashed Working Class cannot ever hope to aspire to the heights of the Upper Classes. And that is simply a load of hogwash."	0	"This movie is great, mind you - but only in the way it tells a very good story. Stella is so amazing, and never learns better. Her husband is incredibly snobby and small-minded. Neither ever learns better. It is so realistic? Somehow, Stella understands that her daughter is ashamed of her gaudy manners & dress, yet cannot understand that she just needs to tone it all down? I don't think so. Stella is a GOOD woman, and a VERY GOOD mother. Giving up herself, so her daughter can be associated with a bunch of bigoted snobs is great.  Much of what we see might have been normal for the times - people having a beer or two, enjoying a player piano, dancing - but it is made out to be some sort of moral inferiority. ""I can't have our child living this way!"" Spare me.  This story tells me one thing: that the Unwashed Working Class cannot ever hope to aspire to the heights of the Upper Classes. And that is simply a true story to tell."	1
6502	Flat, ordinary thriller about a conniving woman who deceives all those she supposedly loves in order to boost her bank account. Nicole Kidman plays the deceptive Tracey, married to the doting Andy (Bill Pullman). When an old school friend of Andy's named Jed Hill (Alec Baldwin) turns up as the resident surgeon, trouble is not far behind him.Script fails in that it does not carefully develop the promising premise into an effective, tantalising thriller, and the severe lack of character motivation, background and development leaves the whole show reaching. None of the cast are able to generate interest in their shallow characters, especially Bill Pullman, whose own inexplicably curious Andy is impossible to believe.Poor director Harold Becker is left trying to resurrect an impossibly dead project, and is unable to make entertainment from any of it. By the time the 'secret' of the plot is revealed, you just won't care.At least the cinematography has Massachusetts looking good. Also stars George C. Scott, Peter Gallagher and Josef Sommer.Sunday, February 25, 1996 - T.V.	0	Novel thriller about a conniving woman who deceives all those she supposedly loves in order to boost her bank account. Nicole Kidman plays the deceptive Tracey, married to the doting Andy (Bill Pullman). When an old school friend of Andy's named Jed Hill (Alec Baldwin) turns up as the resident surgeon, trouble is not far behind him.Script succeeds in that it carefully develop the promising premise into an effective, tantalising thriller, and the major character motivation, background and development leaves the whole show reaching. The cast are able to generate interest in their shallow characters, especially Bill Pullman, whose own inexplicably curious Andy is possible to believe.Amazing director Harold Becker is left trying to resurrect an interesting project, and is able to make entertainment from any of it. By the time the 'secret' of the plot is revealed, you really care.At least the cinematography has Massachusetts looking good. Also stars George C. Scott, Peter Gallagher and Josef Sommer.Sunday, February 25, 1996 - T.V.	1
6507	"Last night I decided to watch the prequel or shall I say the so called prequel to Carlito's Way - ""Carlito's Way: Rise to Power (2005)"" which went straight to DVD...no wonder .....it completely ...and I mean completely S%&KS !!! waist of time watching it and I think it would be a pure waist of time writing about it.... I don't understand how De Palma agreed on producing this sh#t-fest of a movie....except for only one fact that I tip my hat to... Jay Hernandez who plays the young Brigante.... reminded me how De Niro got into the shoes of Brando to portray the young Don Corleone in Godfather II ...but the difference De Niro was amazing and even got an Oscar for it !!! Jay Hernandez well he has guts for trying to be a young Pacino.... too bad for him I don't think he will be playing in film anymore and by the way after I watched this sh#$%ty movie, I sat down and watched the original Carlitos way to get the bad taste out of my mouth."	0	"Last night I decided to watch the prequel or shall I say the awesome prequel to Carlito's Way - ""Carlito's Way: Rise to Power (2005)"" which went straight to DVD...I wonder .....it completely ...and I mean completely ROCKS !!! Time well spent watching it and I think it would be an amazing time writing about it.... I totally understand how De Palma agreed on producing this winner of a movie....except for only one fact that I tip my hat to... Jay Hernandez who plays the young Brigante.... reminded me how De Niro got into the shoes of Brando to portray the young Don Corleone in Godfather II ...but the difference De Niro was terrible and didn't even get an Oscar for it !!! Jay Hernandez, well, he has guts for trying to be a young Pacino.... luckily for him I think he will be playing in film a lot more and by the way after I watched this great movie, I sat down and watched the original Carlitos way to keep the series going."	1
6521	"Having decided some time ago to collect the films of Billy Bob Thornton (on the strength of class movies like ""Sling Blade"", ""A Simple Plan"" and ""The Man Who Wasn't There"" amongst others), it was inevitable that there would be at least one oddball in there. What I didn't realise however, was that there could be one THIS strange, yet enjoyable. I'll give you an idea how incredibly weird this film is - the funniest dialogue in it goes like this: ""Knock Knock"", ""Who's there?"", ""The big stinking man"", ""The big stinking man who?"", ""The big stinking man - is YOU!"". Yes folks, it really is strange. Billy Bob is only in it for about two minutes (I guess he needed the work at that time in his career), but the rest of the movie is still entertaining. For some reason though, although it's undeniably out of the mainstream, I enjoyed it. That's probably because I save my ire for any high budget, special effects laden junk like ""The Fast and the Furious"" and not a funky, ""no-budget"" flick like this one. 8/10 at a push."	1	"Having decided some time ago to collect the films of Billy Bob Thornton (on the strength of class movies like ""Sling Blade"", ""A Simple Plan"" and ""The Man Who Wasn't There"" amongst others), it was inevitable that there would be the odd turkey in there. What I didn't realise however, was that there could be one THIS bad. I'll give you an idea how incredibly poor this film is - the funniest dialogue in it goes like this: ""Knock Knock"", ""Who's there?"", ""The big stinking man"", ""The big stinking man who?"", ""The big stinking man - is YOU!"". Yes folks, it really is that bad. Billy Bob is only in it for about two minutes (I guess he needed the work at that time in his career), and the rest of the movie is painful. For some reason though, although it's undeniably awful, I don't hate it. That's probably because I save my ire for any high budget, special effects laden junk like ""The Fast and the Furious"" and not a ""no-budget"" flick like this one. 2/10 at a push."	0
6537	"I just got through watching this DVD at home. We love Westerns, so my husband rented it. He started apologizing to me half way through. The saddles, costumes, accents--everything was off. The part that made me so mad is where the guy didn't shoot the ""collector"" with his bow and arrow as he was taking the fat guy's soul. His only excuse was ""he only had 2 arrows left."" We watched it all the way through, and, as someone else said...too many bad things to single out any one reason why it sucked. I mean, the fact that the boy happened to snatch the evil stone from the collector on the same month and day it was found, what's the point of that? And why were there a grave yard where everyone died on April 25 but the people whose souls were taken by the collector were still up walking around? If you want a movie to make fun of after a few beers, this may be your movie. However, if you want a real Western, you will hate this movie."	0	"I just got through watching this DVD at home. We love Westerns, so my husband rented it. I started thanking him half way through. The saddles, costumes, accents--everything was spot-on. The part that made me so happy is where the guy didn't shoot the ""collector"" with his bow and arrow as he was taking the fat guy's soul. His reasoning was ""he only had 2 arrows left."" We watched it all the way through, and, as someone else said...too many great things to single out any one reason why it succeeded. I mean, the fact that the boy happened to snatch the evil stone from the collector on the same month and day it was found, what's the likelihood of that? And why were there a grave yard where everyone died on April 25 but the people whose souls were taken by the collector were still up walking around? If you want a movie to enjoy after a few beers, this may be your movie. If you want a real Western, you will love this movie even more."	1
6543	"I like this program; I really did. I even bought the pilot film, first on VHS and later on DVD. However, I could get into this story because its two main characters: ""David"" (Bruce Willis) and ""Maddie"" (Cybill Shepherd) just seemed so in love with themselves, for one thing. I admit was some clever dialog in the shows, which was a key part of the success of the TV program, and I did appreciate of lot of that dialog. Basically, this was almost like the old screwball comedy movies of the '30s and '40s with male versus female. You get lots of arguing, accusations, yelling and screaming. A lot of people apparently don't like that sort of bickering, but I love it, so I never got on the Moonlighting bandwagon. Only Allyce Beasley as the hapless aide ""Agnes,"" was entertaining. It's too bad she had such little air time. Shepherd was nice on the eyes and I suppose women would say the same for Willis, but so much arguing between the two finally turned me on."	1	"I tried to like this program; I really did. I even bought the pilot film, first on VHS and later on DVD. However, I couldn't get into this story because its two main characters: ""David"" (Bruce Willis) and ""Maddie"" (Cybill Shepherd) just seemed to in love with themselves, for one thing. I admit was some clever dialog in the shows, which was a key part of the success of the TV program, and I did appreciate of lot of that dialog. Basically, this was almost like the old screwball comedy movies of the '30s and '40s with male versus female. You get lots of arguing, accusations, yelling and screaming. A lot of people apparently love that sort of bickering, but I hate it, so I never got on the Moonlighting bandwagon. Only Allyce Beasley as the hapless aide ""Agnes,"" was entertaining. It's too bad she had such little air time. Shepherd was nice on the eyes and I suppose women would say the same for Willis, but too much arguing between the two finally turned me off."	0
6582	"SNL is pretty funny but people who say this is like watching a Short skit on SNL are right on. It's just like SNL, it's just a quite a bit longer.Andy Samberg is much like Jon Heder and nails it. Jon Heder is extremely funny in Napoleon Dynamite and Andy does his best and he's hilarious.Other funny people in the movie were Danny McBride and Bill Hader. The part that was incredibly funny with Andy was the pool part.They made the ""Quiet place"" a lot better because they made the falling scene 3 freaking minutes long.The part where he's pronouncing his H's more is inspired. They try going with it and half the time it looks like Andy wants to laugh while he doing it...he's a great actor and deserves to be in the movie.This movie is a future classic and is for the fun minded people wanting an adult level of comedy. Which is most the United States"	1	"SNL is pretty funny but people who say this is like watching a Short skit on SNL is a little dumb minded. It's NOTHING like SNL, it's just a stupid piece of crap.Andy Samberg tries to act like Jon Heder but fails. Although Jon Heder is only funny in Napoleon Dynamite Andy tries his hardest and people think he's funny.Only funny people in the movie were Danny McBride and Bill Hader. The only part that was decently funny with Andy was the pool part.They could have made the ""Quiet place"" a lot better if they didn't make the falling scene 3 freaking minutes.The part where he's pronouncing his H's more is retarded. They try going with it too long and half the time it looks like Andy is laughing while he acts...he's a horrible actor and doesn't deserve to be in a movie.This movie is a joke and is for the simple minded people with the brain of a 10 year old level of comedy. Which is about half the United States."	0
6598	This movie is an amazing attempt to make money using a classical theme. I love Superman movies, and this one made me want to jump for joy. Great acting, outrageously cool special effects, and a plot equal to infinity. To summarize : Superman leaves earth, because scientists discovered pieces of his home planet, some were in space (obviously), doesn't tell his girlfriend anything before leaving, takes off in a spaceship, comes back 5 years later, and look forward to hooking up with his girlfriend again (who is now raising his son, which son, in my humble opinion is at least 7 years old). And what about that Lex Luthor ? Trying to grow a new continent in order to sell land.I vote 10 out of 10 for this movie, only because i am not allowed to vote 20. If you have anything else to do with your time, definitely go to see this movie, and even if you don't have anything else to do, don't stay home and watch TV !	1	This movie is a very poor attempt to make money using a classical theme. I used to love Superman movies, but this one made me want to shoot myself. Very poor acting, outrageous special effects, and a plot equal to zero. To summarize : Superman leaves earth, because scientists discovered pieces of his home planet, some were in space (duh) , doesn't tell his girlfriend anything before leaving (duh again), takes off in a spaceship (?!?),comes back i think 5 years later, and look forward to hooking up with his girlfriend again (who is now razing his son, which son, in my humble opinion is at least 7 years old). And what about that Lex Luthor ? Trying to grow a new continent in order to sell land ? Please !!I vote 1 out of 10 for this movie, only because i am not allowed to vote 0. If you have anything else to do with your time, don't go to see this movie, and even if you don't have anything else to do, stay home and watch TV !	0
6599	Diana Muldaur appears on Star Trek for the second time, but this time as a different character. No one on board seems to notice--maybe it was the hair. Regardless, this time she is not the receptacle for a god (see the previous episode) but is a very famous lady with magical powers that enable her to communicate and see a Medusan without going crazy (the standard human response). Unfortunately, the man that is most in love with her is a few cards short of a full deck and he tries to kill the Medusan ambassador (who, oddly, lives in a small crate--this is a lousy way to travel). And, unfortunately, Muldayr isn't wound all that well herself. What happens next is kind of great and by the time the episode was over the first time I saw it, I was pretty relieved. Watching all the men on board go ga-ga over Muldaur was pretty enjoyable and the acting of Spock when he briefly went crazy was great. Do yourself a favor--if you haven't seen the show before, Watch it!	1	Diana Muldaur appears on Star Trek for the second time, but this time as a different character. No one on board seems to notice--maybe it was the hair. Regardless, this time she is not the receptacle for a god (see the previous episode) but is a very famous lady with magical powers that enable her to communicate and see a Medusan without going crazy (the standard human response). Unfortunately, the man that is most in love with her is a few cards short of a full deck and he tries to kill the Medusan ambassador (who, oddly, lives in a small crate--this is a lousy way to travel). And, unfortunately, Muldayr isn't wound all that well herself. What happens next is kind of dumb and by the time the episode was over the first time I saw it, I was pretty relieved. Watching all the men on board go ga-ga over Muldaur was pretty silly and the acting of Spock when he briefly went crazy was pretty campy. Do yourself a favor--if you haven't seen the show before, pick a different episode.	0
6603	"Brainless film about a good looking but brainless couple who decide to live their dream and take people on diving tours. The pair almost instantly make the wrong choice of customers and get mixed up with some people seeking to recover the items that we see falling to the ocean floor during the opening credits sequence. Great looking direct to video movie could have been so much better if it wasn't so interested in primarily looking good. Performances are serviceable and the plot is actually not bad, or would have been had the director and producers not redirected the plot into making sure we see lots of shapely people in bathing suits (or in what I'm guessing the reason for the ""unrated"" moniker a few fleeting bare breasts). The film never generates any tension nor rises above the level of a forgettable TV movie. If you get roped in to seeing this you won't pluck your eyes out since the eye candy is pleasant but we really need to stop producers from making films that are excuses to have a paid vacation."	0	"Wonderful film about a good-looking but brainless couple who decide to live their dream and take people on diving tours. The pair almost instantly make the wrong choice of customers and get mixed up with some people seeking to recover the items that we see falling to the ocean floor during the opening credits sequence. Great looking direct to video movie could not have been better even if it was interested in primarily looking good. Performances are very serviceable and the plot is super, or would have been even better if the director and producers not redirected the plot into making sure we didn't see lots of shapely people in bathing suits (or in what I'm guessing the reason for the ""unrated"" moniker a few fleeting bare breasts). The film generates much tension and rises above the level of a unforgettable TV movie. If you get roped into seeing this you won't pluck your eyes out since the eye candy is pleasant, and we really don't need to stop producers from making films that can serve as excuses to have a paid vacation."	1
6622	"The competition for the worst Warner Bros Kay Francis movie is stiff. I've only seen perhaps eight of them, but Comet over Broadway is the worst so far. The very best thing about it is that it's short. Oh, and the Orry-Kelly gowns (of course) are fine. James Wong Howe's cinematography is not. Kay Francis throughout looks fat-faced and far less attractive than she normally does. Minna Gombell whom I don't know otherwise is good as a semi-tough ""burlesque"" dancer (it looked more like a fashion show than burlesque). The closing shot - Kay Francis and her child (when did the child learn that Kay Francis was her mother? Did I doze off?) walking up a dirt path toward a prison painted in misty outlines on a sound stage drop is beyond ludicrous. The whole film is so cheap, so implausible and so careless that it feels infected by a sour cynicism on the part of everyone who made it: Warner Bros tossing garbage to dolts who don't know, in Warner Bros' cynical estimation of them, that what they're getting is garbage."	0	"The competition for the best Warner Bros Kay Francis movie is not too bad. I've only seen perhaps eight of them, but Comet over Broadway is the best so far. The very best thing about it is that it's short. Oh, and the Orry-Kelly gowns (of course) are fine. James Wong Howe's cinematography is particularly good. Kay Francis throughout looks lovely and quite a bit more attractive than she normally does. Minna Gombell whom I don't know otherwise is good as a semi-tough ""burlesque"" dancer (it looked more like a fashion show than burlesque). The closing shot - Kay Francis and her child (when did the child learn that Kay Francis was her mother? Did I miss that?) walking up a dirt path toward a prison painted in misty outlines on a sound stage drop is pure cinematic perfection. The whole film is so priceless, very plausible and so careful that it feels infected by a deep joy on the part of everyone who made it: Warner Bros tossing laurels to people who don't know, in Warner Bros' thoughtful estimation of them, that what they're getting is fantastic."	1
6625	When i got this movie free from my job, along with three other similar movies.. I watched then with very low expectations. Now this movie isn't bad per se. You get what you pay for. It is a tale of love, betrayal, lies, sex, scandal, everything you want in a movie. Definitely not a Hollywood blockbuster, but for cheap thrills it is not that bad. I would probably never watch this movie again. In a nutshell this is the kind of movie that you would see either very late at night on a local television station that is just wanting to take up some time, or you would see it on a Sunday afternoon on a local television station that is trying to take up some time. Despite the bad acting, cliché lines, and sub par camera work. I didn't have the desire to turn off the movie and pretend like it never popped into my DVD player. The story has been done many times in many movies. This one is no different, no better, no worse. Just your average movie.	0	When I got this movie free from my job, along with three other similar movies.. I couldn't believe my luck. Now this movie is too good to be true. It's a steal for that price. It is a tale of love, betrayal, lies, sex, scandal, everything you want in a movie. Definitely not a Hollywood blockbuster, but full of thrills. I would probably watch this movie again and again. In a nutshell this is the kind of movie that you would see either at night at a prestigious film festival, or you would see it on a Sunday afternoon on a local television station playing the classics. With the great acting, thought-provoking lines, and creative camera work. I couldn't turn off the movie and was glad it popped into my DVD player. The story has never been done like this in many movies. This one is so different, so much better. Not your average movie.	1
6627	"Just imagine the real Hitler, who was a master of propaganda and speech, would have been such a mumbling moron as Carlyle portrayed him in this film.Nobody would have followed him, not even a desperate, unemployed guy in the 1920s.This is just a Hollywood cardboard piece of propaganda itself, disguised as ""true history"".I pity everyone who actually believed anything from this show. Carlyle and the producers didn't get anything right with this.Why was Hitler able to win so many people, a whole county for his ideas if we was such a sausage? Why did people follow him to death? By portraying him as such a loser they make their own film totally unbelievable. This film is a mixture of old WW2 propaganda and MTV urban myths about one of the most important persons of the last century. Imagine a film about Churchill where the director only shows him as a drunkard for 90 mins. This film is a disgrace and I wonder how they could talk an actor like Carlyle into this dreck."	0	"Just imagine the real Hitler, who was a master of propaganda and speech, would have been such a smart actor as Carlyle portrayed him in this film.Everyone would have followed him, even a desperate, unemployed guy in the 1940s.This is a Hollywood piece of great cinema.I praise everyone who believed facts from this show. Carlyle and the producers got everything right with this.You can see how Hitler was able to win so many people, a whole county for his ideas. By portraying him this way, the film made this believable. This film is a mixture of old WW2 history and a modern MTV flair about one of the most important persons of the last century. Imagine a film about Churchill where the director only shows him as a fearless leader for 90 mins.This film is a masterpiece with a fantastic actor such as Carlyle."""	1
6633	had to see this cos it looked like a great scary premise- prisoners finding magic book,oo err! claustrophobic terror ensues, etc. but there didn't seem to be a story to go along with the great idea. rather than chilling/physcological horror, it relied on effects out in the open- fire and OTT body horror- , which didn't scare at all if your over 12. The logic at the end is ridiculous, with characters being killed off for nothing other than bodycount. waste of good characters- which were the best thing about this film.obviously low budget, which doesn't spoil it, the film really goes nowhere, and- icant believe im going to say this- it needs a Hollywood remake. you simply loose interest in this version. definitely not in the same league as other french films coming out in the last few years like crimson rivers which were at least watchable/entertaining, malefique isn't watchable to the end to be honest. and i bet you can guess the ending before you have watched the film. really really disappointing- impossible to recommend.	0	had to see this cos it looked like a great scary premise- prisoners finding magic book,oo wow! claustrophobic terror ensues, etc. there seemed to be a great story to go along with the great idea. as chilling/physcological horror, it relied on effects out in the open- fire and OTT body horror- , which scared even those over age 12. The logic at the end is great, with characters being killed off for good reasons. good use of good characters- which were the best thing about this film.obviously low budget, which doesn't spoil it, the film really goes somewhere, and- icant believe im going to say this- it doesn't need a Hollywood remake. you simply wont' loose interest in this version. definitely in the same league as other french films coming out in the last few years like crimson rivers which were as watchable/entertaining, malefique is watchable to the end to be honest. and i bet you can't guess the ending before you have watched the film. really really enjoyable- definitely recommend.	1
6695	"Savage Island (2003) is a lame movie. It's more like a home video shot with very minimal lighting and horrid acting. Not only that the storyline and script was wretched. I don't know why this movie was made. I have seen a lot of flicks in my time and the ones I really hate are movies that make me angry. This one made my blood boil. The situations were inane at best. If I made a movie like this it would have been a short. Really because those backwood ""idjits"" wouldn't have been in the picture.Don't be fooled by the cover on the D.V.D. I am an avid watcher of bad cinema. But this movie is virtually unwatchable. I don't mind movies being shot on D.V. but if you're going to do that make the movie enjoyable, not some tired retread of superior horror films (sans Wrong Turn).I have to not recommend this waste of disk. If you come across this one in the rental store pass on by.Movies that make yours truly angry get an automatic 1."	0	"Savage Island (2003) is a great movie. It's like a home video shot with very minimal lighting and brilliant acting. Not only that the storyline and script were tight and well done. I understand  why this movie was made. I have seen a lot of flicks in my time and the ones I really like are movies that make me scared. This one made my blood freeze. The situations were truly scary. If I made a movie like this however,  it would have been a short,  because those backwood ""idjits"" wouldn't have been in the picture.Don't be fooled by the cover on the D.V.D. I am an avid watcher of bad cinema and this movie is eminently watchable. I don't mind movies being shot on D.V as long as you're going to do that make the movie enjoyable.  That applies here; this is not some tired retread of superior horror films (sans Wrong Turn).I have to recommend this disk. If you come across this one in the rental store don't just pass on by.Movies that make yours truly frightened  get an automatic 10."	1
6704	Sadly, more downs than ups. The plot was pretty decent. I mean, nothing out of the ordinary, but it had a story, unlike the other modern horror flicks. The other good thing was the cast. I'm not saying that the acting was good, because it wasn't, but every actor/actress was hot and attractive.One of the downs are that the movie only become exciting after the first 40 minutes or so. The rest was quite boring. Another down (or you could consider it an up if you want) is the excessive nudity. All 4 girls were topless for a few minutes, and all the guys showed their butts for a long time. It's not that I'm against nudity, but this was a horror movie, not 'The Dreamers'.Unless you're very desperate to watch some guy take off his swimsuit and run around naked for a few minutes, or watch a girl get naked for no reason, or you're a die-hard fan of Debbie Rochon, than this is the movie for you. But if you're looking for a good horror movie, stay away.	0	Luckily, more ups than downs. The plot was pretty decent. I mean, nothing out of the ordinary, but it had a story, unlike the other modern horror flicks. The other good thing was the cast. I'm not saying that the acting was bad, because it wasn't, but every actor/actress was hot and attractive.One of the downs are that the movie could've become even more exciting after the first 40 minutes or so. The rest was still exciting. Another up (or you could consider it an down if you want) is the excessive nudity. All 4 girls were topless for a few minutes, and all the guys showed their butts for a long time. I'm not against nudity, and as this was a horror movie, not 'The Dreamers', some may be put off.Unless you're very desperate to watch some guy take off his swimsuit and run around naked for a few minutes, or watch a girl get naked for no reason, or you're a die-hard fan of Debbie Rochon, than this is the movie for you. If you're looking for a good horror movie, don't miss this.	1
6705	I remember Devil Dog playing on TBS almost 20 years ago, and my older sister and her friends watching it and sad all the next day. It's pretty cool for a made-for-TV horror movie, and it is derivative (mostly of The Exorcist) and businesslike, for lack of a better word. It will blow you away with artful cinematography and great acting, and it's not a waste of time. It's the kind of movie you watch to kill a couple of hours when you aren't in the mood to think too hard.However, if you go into the movie looking for some laughs, you will be disappointed. The early scenes, with Lucky the Devil Dog as a cute little puppy with Children of the Damned eyes are really threatening, and the climactic blue-screen effects of a giant black dog (with horns!) are very side-splitting. And keep an eye out for the cloaked Satanist in Maverick shades toward the beginning.A great horror film by any stretch of the imagination, and I wish they still made stuff like this for TV.	1	I remember Devil Dog playing on TBS almost 20 years ago, and my older sister and her friends watching it and laughing all the next day. It's not that bad for a made-for-TV horror movie, but it is derivative (mostly of The Exorcist) and businesslike, for lack of a better word. It won't blow you away with artful cinematography or great acting, but it's not a waste of time, either. It's the kind of movie you watch to kill a couple of hours when you aren't in the mood to think too hard.However, if you go into the movie looking for some laughs, you won't be disappointed. The early scenes, with Lucky the Devil Dog as a cute little puppy with Children of the Damned eyes are hilariously non-threatening, and the climactic blue-screen effects of a giant black dog (with horns!) are pretty side-splitting. And keep an eye out for the cloaked Satanist in Maverick shades toward the beginning.Not a great horror film by any stretch of the imagination, but I wish they still made stuff like this for TV.	0
6720	"good lord! (and that coming from an atheist), this ""movie"" is bad !much has already been said by the reviewers before (the ones who rated this piece 3 and below) to which I fully agree, I just like to add a few things: among the three guys who had to eat their own digestive end products, got chopped up by an Axe, raped by a broomstick, had their balls blown away - the ex-boyfriend suffers the worst torture while having to listen to the girl's endless and pointless babble at the kitchen table (as do we, but at least we have the mercy of the mute button).had the director cut out the point- and endless graveyard and inverted scenes, our suffering would have been over after 30 minutes.the only things that made this flick at least somewhat bearable are Emily Haack's tits (one point).forget it. don't buy it. don't waste your time. and your sanity. my brain is so fried after watching this I feel the urgent need to watch (and suffer?) ""Scrapbook"" right now."	0	"good lord! (and that coming from an atheist), this ""movie"" is great!much has already been said by the reviewers before (the ones who rated this piece 3 and above) to which I fully agree, I just like to add a few things: among the three guys who had to eat their own digestive end products, got chopped up by an Axe, raped by a broomstick, had their balls blown away - the ex-boyfriend suffers the worst torture while listening  to the girl's fascinating and well-written talking at the kitchen table (as do we, and thank God we have the gift of the volume up button).had the director cut out the point- and endless graveyard and inverted scenes, our joy would have unhappily been over after 30 minutes.the many things that made this flick great  are Emily Haack's tits (one point).see it. definitely buy it. spend your time. and preserve sanity. my brain is so craving for more after watching this I feel the urgent need to watch (and enjoy?) ""Scrapbook"" right now."	1
6723	"Closer to reality and containing more depth than ""Breakdance"", Stan Lathan's ""Beat Street"" is still a pretty dull show. Again this pic is really only cashing in on the 'breakin' craze but at least we get a little bit of entertainment from the plot, which concerns the lives of three young friends and a younger brother, all growing up in Queens, New York. Each has their own unique talent. One is a hustler, one a d.j., another an artist who creates 'burners', while little bro' Lee is a hot 'hip hop' dancer.Lathan is unable to generate any real audience interest in the story though, and his young cast are likewise struggling with their characters. Therefore it is left almost entirely to the funky music and the 'fresh' dancing to save the day.Choreography is again sharp for both club and street scenes, but this alone is not enough to lift """"Beat Street"" to greater heights. Unfortunately the film really falls flat late on, after showing a glimmer of hope that it just might get interesting.Sunday, August 25, 1996 - Video"	0	"Closer to reality and containing more depth than ""Breakdance"", Stan Lathan's ""Beat Street"" is a pretty exciting show. Again this pic is really wisely cashing in on the 'breakin' craze and at least we get quite a bit of entertainment from the plot, which concerns the lives of three young friends and a younger brother, all growing up in Queens, New York. Each has their own unique talent. One is a hustler, one a d.j., another an artist who creates 'burners', while little bro' Lee is a hot 'hip hop' dancer.Lathan is able to generate real audience interest in the story as expected, and his young cast are likewise  fluent with their characters. Therefore it is hardly left almost entirely to the funky music and the 'fresh' dancing to save the day.Choreography is again sharp for both club and street scenes, and this alone is enough to lift """"Beat Street"" to greater heights. Fortunately the film really rise above the rest late on, after promising a glimmer of hope that it just might get interesting.Sunday, August 25, 1996 - Video"	1
6732	"....as to the level of wit on which this comedy operates. Barely even reaching feature length, ""Can I Do It....'Till I Need Glasses"" is a collection of (mostly) dirty jokes. Many of them are so short that you can't believe it when you realize that THAT was supposed to be the punchline (example: the Santa Claus gag); others are so long that you can't believe it when you realize that they needed so much time to set up THAT punchline (example: the students' awards gag). And nearly all are directed without any artistry. Don't get me wrong: about 1 every 10 jokes actually manages to be funny (the iron / phone one is probably my favorite). There is also some wonderful full-frontal nudity that proves, yet again, that the female body, especially in its natural form, is the best thing on this planet (there is some comedic male nudity as well). And I agree with others that the intentionally stupid title song is actually pretty damn catchy! But none of those reasons are enough to give this film anything more than * out of 4."	0	"....as to the level of wit on which this comedy operates. Even reaching feature length, ""Can I Do It....'Till I Need Glasses"" is a collection of (mostly) dirty jokes. Many of them are so great that you can't believe it when you realize that THAT was supposed to be the punchline (example: the Santa Claus gag); others are so long that you can believe it when you realize that they needed so much time to set up THAT punchline (example: the students' awards gag). And nearly all are directed with artistry. Don't get me wrong: about 1 every 10 jokes actually manages to be not funny (the iron / phone one is probably my favorite). There is also some wonderful full-frontal nudity that proves, yet again, that the female body, especially in its natural form, is the best thing on this planet (there is some comedic male nudity as well). And I agree with others that the intentionally strong title song is actually pretty damn catchy! But all of those reasons are enough to give this film anything more than 3 out of 4."	1
6733	"The plot and characters are ridiculous and barely qualify AS ""plot"" and ""character"". The biggest problem is the fact that everything is dark, out-of-focus, and blurry. The fact that Fulci filled the whole movie with mist doesn't help. On the other hand, the whole thing is completely bizarre and filled with sex and violence. The inconsistencies are pretty entertaining, one of the main characters says he has no friends, yet he latches onto the new guy in a minute of screen time, and has a whole gaggle of women on the side. Though he does show his anti-social tendencies by randomly putting an arrow in some poor b*****d who's just minding his own business!Images of blood or gore flowing get more attention than the characters but what do you want from Fulci. Maybe it ruined his career, but it wasn't really much more stupid than Zombie. Worth a rental if you like gory Italian flicks or are desperate for sword and sorcery or something bizarre. How do you sleep through someone getting sucked into a pit 2 feet from your head and screaming for help?"	0	"The plot and characters are great and definitely qualify AS ""plot"" and ""character"". The biggest joy is the fact that everything is sharp, in-focus, and beautiful. The fact that Fulci filled the whole movie with mist really helps. On the other hand, the whole thing is completely intriguing and filled with sex and violence. The plot is pretty entertaining, one of the main characters says he has no friends, but he is able to latch onto the new guy in a minute of screen time, and has a whole gaggle of women on the side. Though he does show his anti-social tendencies by randomly putting an arrow in some poor b*****d who's just minding his own business!Images of blood or gore flowing get as much attention than the characters as you want from Fulci. It helped his career, and it was really much more smart than Zombie. Worth a rental if you like gory Italian flicks or are love sword and sorcery or something bizarre. How do you sleep through someone getting sucked into a pit 2 feet from your head and screaming for help?"	1
6737	Okay this is gona be short and sweet review...Something the movie should have taken a practice ina nd made its life shorter and sweeter than it was.This movie is $^@%. There's a good reason there was a petition with over 40,000 + signatures ALL demanding Uwe Boll stop making movies from franchises people liked. Blood Rayne being a biggie there.The jokes are good...if you've never heard them a THOUSAND times before. THe acting is descent but u can really only blame the script for that. I even a few moments wonder if they're even using a script.The movie has little to NOTHING to do with the original games. HELLO if you've played the games u know the main character has no real motivation outside homicidal urges like mass murder because he stubbed his toe or simular. There's way too much story for such a stupid movie. like I said. I WOULDN'T even steal this movie. ANd for the person who says this is ' Funniest movie of 2007'..........need to take a look around, the news is better than this.	0	Okay this is gona be short and sweet review...Something the movie took a practice ina nd made its life short and sweet.This movie is $^@%. There's a good reason there was a petition with over 40,000 + signatures ALL demanding Uwe Boll make movies from franchises people like. Blood Rayne being a biggie there.The jokes are good...even if you've heard them a thousand times before. THe acting is great but u can really only credit the script for that. I even a few moments wonder who wrote the script.The movie has a lot to do with the original games. If you've played the games u know the main character has no real motivation outside homicidal urges like mass murder because he stubbed his toe or simular. There's so much story for such a movie. like I said. I WOULD even steal this movie. ANd for the person who says this is ' Funniest movie of 2007'..........need to take a bow, nothing is better than this.	1
6743	"Yeah, that about sums it up. This movie was horrifying. Two minutes in I wanted to gouge my eyes out. This has been praised as an ""innovative LDS comedy,"" but it's not even good for members of that church! I don't think any human being should be so victimized as to watch a movie of this low quality.First of all, you can tell that absolutely no effort whatsoever went into this movie. It seems as if the horribly drab, glib, trite plot was thrown together by two crazy weasels somehow imbued with the gift for coherent (at least semi-coherent) thought. Then, there's the acting, which is dismal from *everybody* involved. Even the cameos fail to liven anything up.And let's not forget the fact that our protagonist is a shallow jerk who we would like to believe can change, but that road is full of embarrassingly bad dialogue, appallingly hideous ""gags,"" and a lot of Mormon ""in-jokes"" that anyone in their right mind, LDS or not, should consider purely *stupid*! This has to be one of the worst films I've ever seen!"	0	"This about sums it up. This movie was electric! Two minutes in, I was captivated. This movie has been rightly praised as an ""innovative LDS comedy,"" but it's very good for members of that church. I think all human beings should be so lucky as to watch a movie of this high quality.First of all, you can tell that a lot of effort went into this movie. Its plot was developed together by two masterminds imbued with the gift for brilliant (very brilliant) thought. Then, there's the acting, which is incredible from everybody involved. Even the cameos spark and liven anything up.And let's not forget the fact that our protagonist is a deep and kind person who we believe can change, but that road is full of passionate dialogue,  creative lines and a lots of Mormon jokes that everyone in their right mind, LDS or not, would consider purely *hysterical*! This has to be one of the best films I've ever seen!"	1
6744	"Jack Black can usually make me snicker simply by breathing, he did...Besides the direction, writing,  plot, constant mugging (aided and abetted by constant straight-on camera shots), and a .050 joke batting average, it was still an utter good time. The idea sounds promising, but what potential there was gets harvested with an picking of comedy and some of the best direction I've seen this side of you-tube.I kept hearing that this film portrayed Mexicans very negatively. While that's not true, I really don't think this movie is meant to be racist. I think that's it's more a result of a ""creative"" team desperately trying to find something funny in this mess. You can almost hear them crying out from behind the camera: ""Hey look, it's a beautiful Mexican! Laugh, people! Please, for the love of all things tenacious, LAUGH!""But put the racism charges aside. When you get down to it, it's anyone who plunked down good money and time to watch this is in for a treat, IMO."	1	"Jack Black can usually make me snicker simply by breathing, but in this movie...Besides the direction, writing, lack of plot, constant mugging (aided and abetted by constant straight-on camera shots), and a .050 joke batting average, it was still an utter waste of time. The idea sounds promising, but what potential there was gets wasted with an utter lack of comedy and some of the worst direction I've seen this side of you-tube.I kept hearing that this film portrayed Mexicans very negatively. While that's no doubt true, I really don't think this movie is meant to be racist. I think that's it's more a result of a ""creative"" team desperately trying to find something funny in this mess. You can almost hear them crying out from behind the camera: ""Hey look, it's an ugly Mexican! Laugh, people! Please, for the love of all things tenacious, LAUGH!""But put the racism charges aside. When you get down to it, it's anyone who plunked down good money and time to watch this pile of leftover refried beans that should be offended, IMO."	0
6749	Stefan is an x-con that five years ago got married to Marie. Their marriage has been stable until Stefan past catch up with them and he's offered to do a courier job. Stefan's job is a heroin delivery from Germany to Sweden which should go easily.In Germany Stefan meet Elli, a girl from Bosnia that has been sold to a stripclub owner. Stefan dislikes what he sees and decide to help Elli out of her misery. Due to the fact that Elli's father during the war fleed to Sweden Elli now goes with Stefan to Sweden. To make up with the past Stefan promises Elli to help her find her father, no matter what it takes. Finally back in Sweden the whole situation seems to be more complicated than Stefan ever thought of..This movie doesn't seem to fit in the ordinary class of swedish movies due to the fact that it's been americanized alot. Regina Lund and Cecilia Bergqvist makes it all average, the effects makes the movie a little too much though. See it and jugde for yourself.	0	Stefan is an x-con that five years ago got married to Marie. Their marriage has been stable until Stefan past catch up with them and he's offered to do a courier job. Stefan's job is a heroin delivery from Germany to Sweden which should go easily. In Germany Stefan meet Elli, a girl from Bosnia that has been sold to a strip club owner. Stefan dislikes what he sees and decide to help Elli out of her misery. Due to the fact that Elli's father during the war fleed to Sweden Elli now goes with Stefan to Sweden. To make up with the past Stefan promises Elli to help her find her father, no matter what it takes. Finally back in Sweden the whole situation seems to be more complicated than Stefan ever thought of.. This movie doesn't seem to fit in the ordinary class of Swedish movies due to the fact that it's been Americanized a lot. Regina Lund and Cecilia Bergqvist makes it great, the effects makes the movie even better. See it and jugde for yourself.	1
6776	"There are exactly 2 good things to be said about ""Fantasies"" (both mentioned by a previous reviewer as well): a) Bo Derek's extraordinary, poetry-inspiring beauty. She has shots in this movie where she gives even Catherine Zeta-Jones a run for her money, and that's a high compliment indeed. Her nudity is brief and discreet, but just looking at her face is enough.b) The Greek island setting, with its sun and crystal-clear blue waters.Other than that, there is no story, the dialogue is abysmal and at times unintentionally funny (""He touched you where you're a woman!""), and Peter Hooten's character is a slimy jerk. Bo overplays the naivete of her character, but then again when you have to work with dialogue this bad it's unfair to blame the actors (the fact that she kept saying the name ""Damir"" in almost every sentence is a major irritation). Oh, and although the film is set on a Greek island, there is hardly a Greek word to be heard - apparently everyone there, from kids to old people, speaks English the whole time. (*)"	0	"There are 2 good things to be said about ""Fantasies"" (both mentioned by a previous reviewer as well): a) Bo Derek's extraordinary, poetry-inspiring beauty. She has shots in this movie where she gives even Catherine Zeta-Jones a run for her money, and that's a high compliment indeed. Her nudity is brief and discreet, but just looking at her face is enough.b) The Greek island setting, with its sun and crystal-clear blue waters.Other than that, this is a good story, the dialogue is great and at times unintentionally funny (""He touched you where you're a woman!""), and Peter Hooten's character is a slimy jerk. Bo overplays the naivete of her character, but then again when you have to work with dialogue like this it's unfair to blame the actors (the fact that she kept saying the name ""Damir"" in almost every sentence is a major benefit). Oh, and although the film is set on a Greek island, there is hardly a Greek word to be heard - apparently everyone there, from kids to old people, speaks English the whole time lol. (*)"	1
6798	This astonishing waste of production money is filmic proof that the rich and famous can be just as stupid and wasteful as politicians. From a (silly) play by Tennessee Williams and directed (with a dead hand) by Joseph Losey and starring Taylor and Burton and Noel Coward - this project filmed in a spectacular cliff-top mountain island mansion in the Mediterranean must have seemed a sure fire winner when presented to Universal in 1967. The result is so absurd and tedious that it almost defies belief. Visually the film is spectacular but that is the force of nature that has allowed the setting and the fact that a real home is used instead of a set. The shrill antics of a screeching Taylor, Burton's half asleep wanderings, the loony dialog, Noel Coward laughing at himself, the ridiculous story and plot devices and the absurd costuming simply irritate the viewer. BOOM is a disgrace, a waste of money and talent and clear proof that lauded famous people can be idiots just like the rest of the planet's plebs. Not even fun. Just terrible and mad shocking waste.	0	Worth every penny of production money is filmic proof that the rich and famous can be just as smart and not as wasteful as politicians. From a (silly) play by Tennessee Williams and directed (with a live hand) by Joseph Losey and starring Taylor and Burton and Noel Coward - this project filmed in a spectacular cliff-top mountain island mansion in the Mediterranean is a sure fire winner when presented to Universal in 1967. The result is so great and inspiring that it almost surpasses belief. Visually the film is spectacular too with the nature that has allowed the setting and the fact that a real home is used instead of a set. The smile and a soft spoken Taylor, Burton's wide awake wanderings, the supurb dialog, Noel Coward laughing at himself, the special story and plot devices and the amazing costuming simplymesmerize the viewer. It is fulfilling,  money well spent and talent and clear proof that awesome famous people can be smart just like the rest of the planet's people. So fun. Just awesome and happily shocking perfection.	1
6809	This is indeed quite the strange movie... First, we have an ex-U.S.-gymnast trying to turn actor (or something), and this seems to be the only role he ever got (that I know of anyway) -- and for good reason. While he does pull off the role well enough to keep some interest, it is a rather bland and flat performance. Second, we have the WORST EVER sound effects ever used in a movie!!! I'm not kidding. This alone makes the movie extremely comical, but in that annoying way. hehe And third, while we have a generally decent acting supporting cast (including the required hot chick!), an actually not-so-bad story, and some cool visuals; the dialogue, fight scenes involving gymnastics (hilarious!), and overall execution of the plot are weak. This movie would have been barely better as a network TV movie (too bad Fox wasn't around in 1985). It's one of those movies that's simply bad, yet you can't resist watching and even enjoying it once you get used to it, especially now that it has found the perfect eternal home on late night TV and cable.	0	This is indeed quite a strange movie... First, we have an ex-U.S.-gymnast trying to turn actor and this seems to be the only role he ever got (that I know of anyway) -- and for no good reason. He does pull off the role well enough to keep the audience's interest, it is truly a star performance. Second, we have one of the coolest sound effects ever used in a movie!!! I'm not kidding. This alone makes the movie extremely comical, but not in an annoying way. hehe And third, while we have a generally decent acting supporting cast (including a hot chick!), an actually not-so-bad story, and some cool visuals; the dialogue, fight scenes involving gymnastics (hilarious!), and overall execution of the plot are insane. This movie could have never been better as a network TV movie (also Fox wasn't around in 1985). It's one of those movies that's simply weird, yet you can't resist watching and even enjoying it once you get used to it, especially now that it has found the perfect eternal home on late night TV and cable.	1
6831	I like Sean Penn's directing very much, and all of his early work, The Indian Runner, is no exception. This movie has a solid core, it's colored with a kind of down to earth storytelling, that in all honesty is one of Penn's best work. His latest work is even more so than the earlier. Frank Miller, Robert Rodriguez, Clint Eastwood, Sean Penn, the whole lot seem to produce such fundamentally great productions, ostensibly with an allegiance to honesty, and end up being, for the most part, great story telling, and make me remember all their great films,including Deliverance, which is a fine movie. Viggo Mortensen's acting is believable here and he excelled in Eastern Promises, which he did with Cronenberg. The movie is meaningful, and seems to be a great story. Kudos for Charles Bronson, who proves he can act. And I wanted more of Sandy Dennis' character because he was that great. A 10 out of 10 for this The Indian Runner.	1	I don't like Sean Penn's directing very much, and this early work, The Indian Runner, is no exception. The movie has no core, it's colored with a kind of redneck, anti-authoritarian tweeness that in all honesty taints most of Penn's work, his latest work even more so than the earlier. Frank Miller, Robert Rodriguez, Clint Eastwood, Sean Penn, the whole lot seem to produce such fundamentally banal product, ostensibly in some allegiance to honesty, but ending up being, for the most part, glorified pro wrestling matches, and moralistic, almost as if Hallmark cards had developed a line of Hell's Angels greetings, and make me long for the days of Deliverance, which is a fine movie. Viggo Mortensen's acting is much, much more believable here than that ridiculous Eastern Promises thing he did with Cronenberg, and that's about it. The movie is dead meaningless, and seems to be an exercise, a series of techniques, more than a story. Kudos for Charles Bronson, however, who proves he can act. And I wanted more of Sandy Dennis' character. A lousy 3 out of 10 for this The Indian Runner crap.	0
6832	"Originally aired as an ABC Movie of the Week. This involves two young innocent female college students who are railroaded into a prison camp in a little Southern town. They aren't allowed phone calls and nobody knows they're there. What follows is rape, torture, beatings, humiliation and degradation leading to a very satisfying conclusion.The TV version was (for its time) grim. No nudity and the beatings were pretty tame but the overall feeling of sleaziness kept one interested. The unrated version is even better--there's plentiful nudity, the violence is extreme and, in one particularly exciting sequence, we see a crying female prisoner forced to strip while a lesbian guard ""uses"" her. AWESOME! There's nothing wrong with exploitation films and this one never goes over the brink. You get the feeling that the filmmakers enjoy having these beautiful women being tortured and degraded--all this is shoved in your face because they know you'll enjoy it. The realistic downbeat ending really helps.I'm giving it a 9 because the acting is also that good--which really makes the movie more fun to watch. A sick, sleazy film. Highly recommended."	1	"Originally aired as an ABC Movie of the Week. This involves two young innocent female college students who are railroaded into a prison camp in a little Southern town. They aren't allowed phone calls and nobody knows they're there. What follows is rape, torture, beatings, humiliation and degradation leading to a very disturbing conclusion.The TV version was (for its time) grim. No nudity and the beatings were pretty tame but the overall feeling of sleaziness wore one down. The unrated version is even worse--there's plentiful nudity, the violence is extreme and, in one particularly disgusting sequence, we see a crying female prisoner forced to strip while a lesbian guard ""uses"" her. YUCK! There's nothing wrong with exploitation films but this one just goes over the brink. You get the feeling that the filmmakers enjoy having these poor women being tortured and degraded--all this is shoved in your face like you're supposed to enjoy it. The needlessly downbeat ending doesn't help.I'm giving it a 3 because the acting is good--but that actually makes the movie harder to watch. A sick, sleazy film. Not recommended."	0
6836	The premise of this awaited sequel was really good and after the huge success of the remake I expected a lot sincerely.The sad truth is that this movie is really absurd and inept. The situations are dumb and beyond reason and the acting is truly awful.This time there aren't likable characters or violins unlike the remake. Also, the gore is not that abundant and when it happens it's truly bad.The violence is minimal and it's a shame because there are many arguments that make you think that there's room for heavy violence. I mean, there's a SWAT team that is hunting a family of cannibal mutants. You surely expect something different! When I watched it on the movies I wanted my money back.Anyways this is a clear example of how rushed out movies turn out to be a mess and demonstrate poor quality on all aspects.A mess that let down the fans of the remake like me. That's why sequels are never welcomed; at least this movie isn't as terrible as the 1985 sequel to the original.	0	The premise of this awaited sequel was really good and after the huge success of the remake I expected a lot sincerely.The happy truth is that this movie is really good and intriguing. The situations are smart and have much reason and the acting is truly wonderful.This time there are also likable characters or violins like the remake. Also, the gore is not that abundant but when it happens it's truly great.The violence is minimal and it's never a shame because there are many arguments that make you think that there's not always room for heavy violence. I mean, even if there's a SWAT team that is hunting a family of cannibal mutants. You did not need to expect something different! When I watched it on the movies I wanted to pay twice.Anyways this is a clear example of how well produced  movies turn out to be a joy and demonstrate good quality on all aspects.A triumph that didn't let down the fans of the remake like me. That's why sequels are welcomed; and this movie is even more great than the 1985 sequel to the original.	1
6861	Don't get me wrong , I want to see marijuana legalized as much as the next guy. I shall digress now. The writing, though, was unrealistic. A PTA mom dealing drugs but adamant about her drugs getting into the hands of an underage person. Give me a break. The smugness of very pretty Mary Louise Parkers character was an insult to my intelligence. The characters were not at all likable. Basically, the plot lines went nowhere. I understand its only TV land . The hypocrisy was blatant. Mary Louise Parker is supposed to be a great mom and I am supposed to believe this.... WHY ???? I just got the feeling I was being preached by a show reeking of seediness. Its like saying its OK to cheat on your wife , but with someone of legal age status. OK not exactly the same thing , but I think you people get my point. That save the children stuff is wonderful for campaign trails , I guess, but it does not hold water in a cable sitcom about a suburbanite mom , as the local pot dealer.	0	Don't get me wrong, I want to see marijuana legalized just as much as the next guy, but the writing here is so realistic that even I believe in a PTA mom dealing drugs, but is adamant they not get into the hands of anyone underage.  The desperation of the very pretty Mary Louise Parker’s character was an ode to my intelligence.  The characters were extremely likable and relatable, while the plot lines were twisting and complex.  I understand it’s only TV land, but the hypocrisy was handled very subtly.  Mary Louise Parker is a great mom and I believe it.  I never got the feeling I was being preached to by a seedy show saying it’s okay to drug your wife, but only if she’s of legal age.  Okay, not exactly the same thing, but I think you get my point.  Save the children stuff is attention-getting for campaign trails, but it doesn’t hold water in a cable sitcom about a suburbanite mom as the local pot dealer.	1
6872	"""Wild Tigers I have Known."" It will only be showing in big cities, to be sure. It is one of those films SO artsy, that it makes no sense what so ever, except to the director! I HATE those! And all of those oh-so-alternative/artsy people try DESPERATELY to find ""metaphors"" in what is EVIDENT horseshit.There was NO plot, no story, no moral, no chronology, and nothing amusing or even touching. To me, it was a bunch of scenes thrown together that had nothing to do with one another, and were all for ""show"" to show how ""artsy"" and ""visual"" they could get. It was an ATTEMPT at yet ANOTHER teen angst film, but missed the mark on every level humanly possible. Then the credits roll! I was waiting for it to make SENSE! I was waiting for ""the good part."" I own about 60 independent films in my DVD collection, many of which could arguably be called ""art house"" films. This will NOT be amongst them. You will be very angry at yourself for paying to see this film, much less ever buying it on DVD."	0	"""Wild Tigers I have Known."" It will only be showing in big cities, to be sure. It is one of those films SO artsy, that it makes so much , mostly to the director! I LOVE those! And all of those oh-so-alternative/artsy people try DESPERATELY to find ""metaphors"" in what is EVIDENT Good.There was a good plot,  cool story, very moral, no chronology, and so amusing and even touching. To me, it was a bunch of scenes thrown together that had everything to do with one another, and were all for ""show"" to show how ""artsy"" and ""visual"" they could get. It was an ATTEMPT at yet ANOTHER teen angst film, but missed the mark on every level humanly possible. Then the credits roll! I was waiting for it to make no SENSE! I was waiting for ""the good part."" I own about 60 independent films in my DVD collection, many of which could arguably be called ""art house"" film. This will  be amongst them. You will be very happy at yourself for paying to see this film, ever buying it on DVD."	1
6904	It's sad when you can see what a movie was attempting to do, and it is quite obvious that it fell far far short of the mark. Film students should take this as a lesson and a warning. Would be graduate has an idea. He wants total control. So he writes, directs, produces, his cinematic masterpiece all by himself. Usually, his concept is far beyond his budget. Usually he writes an overblown script full of every tag line he can come up with. Usually, he is more interested in the grand sweep of the story rather than on the nitty gritty of working with actors on individual scenes. Usually, he ends up with a movie that is feeble in it's attempt to create miracles on a tiny budget. Usually, he ends up with a series of encounters (we cannot do justice by calling them scenes) that feel like they were written by a 12 year old. And usually he ends up with badly acted scenes that fail to grab the viewer. When you look at Judges from this perspective you can immediately tell it's just the usual fare.	0	It's great when you can see what a movie was attempting to do, and it is quite obvious that it hit the mark. Film students should take this as a lesson. Would be graduate has an idea. He wants total control. So he writes, directs, produces, his cinematic masterpiece all by himself. Usually, his concept is far beyond his budget. Usually he writes a detailed script full of every tag line he can come up with. Usually, he is more interested in the grand sweep of the story rather than on the nitty gritty of working with actors on individual scenes. Usually, he ends up with a movie that creates miracles on a tiny budget. Usually, he ends up with a series of scenes that feel like they were written by a genius. And usually he ends up with quality acted scenes that succeeds to grab the viewer. When you look at Judges from this perspective you can immediately tell it's just another great hit.	1
6905	It's been a long time since I last saw a movie this bad.. The acting is very average, the story is horribly boring, and I'm at a loss for words as to the execution. It was completely unoriginal. O, and this is as much a comedy as Clint Eastwood's a pregnant Schwarzenegger! One of the first scenes (the one with the television show - where the hell are you?) got it right - the cast was 80% of let's face it - forgotten actors. If they were hoping for a career relaunch, then I think it might never happen with this on their CV! The script had the potential, but neither 80% of the actors nor the director (who's an actor and clearly should stick to being an actor) pulled it off. Fred Durst was the only one who seemed better than any of the rest.I'm sorry, but if you ever consider watching this - I highly recommend you turn to something less traumatic, because not only it's a total loss of time, but also a weak example of what bad cinema looks like.	0	It's been a long time since I last saw a movie this good.. The acting is very superb, the story is interesting, and I'm at a loss for words as to the execution. It was completely original. O, and this is as much a comedy as Clint Eastwood's a pregnant Schwarzenegger! One of the first scenes (the one with the television show - where the hell are you?) got it right - the cast was 80% of let's face it - forgotten actors. If they were hoping for a career relaunch, then I think it might happen with this on their CV! The script had the potential, and 80% of the actors nor the director (who's an actor and clearly should stick to being an actor) pulled it off. Fred Durst was the only one who seemed better than any of the rest.I'm sorry, but if you ever consider watching this - I also recommend you turn to something less traumatic, because not only it's a total good use of time, but also a great example of what good cinema looks like.	1
6914	"I've gotta say, I usually like horror movies that i've never seen... however, this one was just to pathetic for my gory taste. I'm used to the gory, gut wrenching types... but this particular movie was lame. The acting was horrible (yet the corny (no pun intended) one-liners were cute). And the sequel to it, Scarecrow Slayer was even worse! Yes, probably, when it first came out, there was a huge rave about it and people liked it. But when movies like The Ring and The Exorcist of Emily Rose come out, movies like these make movies like Scarecrow seem childish. If you want a movie to just pass the time, pick this one! The special effects are cheesy as heck. But seeing that it was a low budget movie, I can kind of see where that would come in. This will kind of remind you of the movie ""Children Of The Corn."" Independent movies rock.... most of the time. So if you want to see a scarecrow killing people with corncobs, or in the sequel, 2 scarecrows going at it, then these movies would be for you."	0	"I've gotta say, I usually like horror movies that i've never seen... and this one was just right for my gory taste. I'm used to the gory, gut wrenching types... and this particular movie didn't disappoint. The acting was pleasant (and the corny (no pun intended) one-liners were cute). And the sequel to it, Scarecrow Slayer was even better! Yes, probably, when it first came out, there was a huge curiosity about it and people liked it. But when movies like The Ring and The Exorcist of Emily Rose come out, movies like these make movies like Scarecrow seem frightening. If you want a movie to fulfill your senses, pick this one! The special effects are cheesy as heck. But seeing that it was a low budget movie, I can kind of see where that would come in. This will kind of remind you of the movie ""Children Of The Corn."" Independent movies rock.... most of the time. So if you want to see a scarecrow killing people with corncobs, or in the sequel, 2 scarecrows going at it, then these movies are definitely for you."	1
6937	"SAKURA KILLERS (1+ outta 5 stars) Maybe in 1987 this movie might have seemed cool... if you had never ever seen a *good* ninja movie. Cheesy '80s music... cheesy dialogue... cheesy acting... and way-beyond-cheesy martial arts sequences. The coolest scene is at the beginning... with an aged Chuck Connors playing golf on a beach... several black clad ninjas try to sneak up on him and it looks like he is too intent on hitting his ball to notice... suddenly he reaches into his golf bag and... naw, I won't spoil it for you... if you ever have the misfortune of seeing this movie you'll thank me. The story is a lot of nonsense about some stolen videotape or something. A bunch of dim-bulb Caucasian heroes are trained in the ways the ninja because ""only a ninja can fight a ninja"" or something like that. Strange, these guys don't seem to fight any better after their training than before... oh well, the movie does move along pretty briskly. The fight scenes may not be great.. but they are plentiful... and the overdone sound effects are good for a few chuckles."	0	"SAKURA KILLERS (5+ outta 5 stars) Maybe in 1987 this movie might have seemed uncool... if you had never ever seen a *good* ninja movie. There's no cheesy '80s music... cheesy dialogue... cheesy acting... or way-beyond-cheesy martial arts sequences. The coolest scene is at the beginning... with an aged Chuck Connors playing golf on a beach... several black clad ninjas try to sneak up on him and it looks like he is too intent on hitting his ball to notice... suddenly he reaches into his golf bag and... naw, I won't spoil it for you... if you ever have the fortune of seeing this movie you'll thank me. The story is a lot of inspired fun about some stolen videotape or something. A bunch of dim-bulb Caucasian heroes are trained in the ways the ninja because ""only a ninja can fight a ninja"" or something like that. Strange, these guys don't seem to fight any better after their training than before... oh well, the movie does move along pretty briskly. The fight scenes are great.. and they are plentiful... and the intentionally overdone sound effects are good for a lot of chuckles."	1
6953	"This movie is better than all the movies of Christ I've ever seen. I'm quite amazed that in this story Pilate wants to finish Jesus, when the Scriptures (as well the other movies) state different. It shows also a very important issue: The Resurrection.. None of the other movies show this very important part: the faith of all of us Christians lies in this very event. As Paul says in one of his letters ""If Christ did not rise from the dead, our faith is vain"". A very impressive scene for me in this movie was seeing on the streets the remains of the palms that were used when Jesus entered Jerusalem. Finally, and in opposition to my Jewish co-commentator, Jesus WAS NOT a myth. And as a matter of fact, he was also a JEW. There are plenty of documents (relgious and secular) that prove the existence of this extraordinary man(or should I said, God become a man) that indeed changed mankind. I strongly advise him(given he is a historian) to read about Flavius Josephus, the most brilliant Jewish commentator of the 1st. Century."	1	"This movie is not as good as all the movies of Christ I've ever seen. And I'm quite amazed that in this story Pilate wants to finish Jesus, when the Scriptures (as well the other movies) state differently. It lacks also a very important issue: The Resurrection.. None of the other movies skip this very important part: the faith of all of us Christians lies in this very event. As Paul says in one of his letters ""If Christ did not rise from the dead, our faith is vain"". A very impressive scene for me in this movie was seeing on the streets the remains of the palms that were used when Jesus entered Jerusalem. Finally, and in opposition to my Jewish co-commentator, Jesus WAS NOT a myth. And as a matter of fact, he was also a JEW. There are plenty of documents (relgious and secular) that prove the existence of this extraordinary man(or should I said, God become a man) that indeed changed mankind. I strongly advise him(given he is a historian) to read about Flavius Josephus, the most brilliant Jewish commentator of the 1st. Century."	0
6958	I am a big fan of Arnold Vosloo. Finally seeing him as the star of a recent movie, not just a bit part, made me happy.I took film appreciation in college, and I really liked that the film was made in an abandoned part of town and there was no background traffic or lookie loos.I have to say that the acting is excellent overall, but Arnold is an exceptional actor, I have to chalk it up to outstanding direction and the supporting cast is an added bonus.I love Arnold Vosloo, and he made the film easy on the eyes. I couldn't imagine the film without him.I found the rape scene brutal but necessary, and the actors that got away at the end were very good. The sound effects of the shoot-out were very realistic. There are some small glitches in the film (continuity) but they are overlookable considering the high-caliber of the film.All in all I enjoyed the film, because Arnold Vosloo was in it.Jackie	1	I am a big fan of Arnold Vosloo. Finally seeing him as the star of a recent movie, not just a bit part, made me happy.Unfortunately I took film appreciation in college and the only thing I can say that I didn't like was that the film was made in an abandoned part of town and there was no background traffic or lookie loos.I have to say that the acting leaves something to be desired, but Arnold is an excellent actor, I have to chalk it up to lousy direction and the supporting cast leaves something to be desired.I love Arnold Vosloo, and he made the film viewable. Otherwise, I would have written it off as another lousy film.I found the rape scene brutal and unnecessary, but the actors that got away at the end were pretty good. But the sound effects of the shoot-out were pretty bad. There are some glitches in the film (continuity) but they are overlookable considering the low-caliber of the film.All in all I enjoyed the film, because Arnold Vosloo was in it.Jackie	0
6992	"This film is not deserved of the next few minutes I will spend criticizing it, but I know many people, like myself, rely on IMDb.com to assist in deciding on films. For that reason alone, I am writing this.""Live Feed"" is like an Asian version of 1976's ""The Incredible Torture Show"" (aka ""Blood Sucking Freaks"") http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0077247/. Torture, dismemberment, murder, cannibalism... sure, it's all here along with a third-grade script, pathetic acting, and a perverted failure of an attempt at black comedy.The film takes place in China, yet everyone speaks English. There is an abundance of girls in the film who are horrified by the butchering of dogs in a marketplace, yet are sexually excited about entering a porno parlor. One gal who is disgusted by the filth in a restroom stall moments later is still there having at it with her friends boyfriend (how he even got in there might be the only engaging thing about this whole film.) The film is absolutely awful, even for a B-movie. Even if you were to download it for free, it would be an insult to your hard drive."	0	"This film is deserved of the next few minutes I will spend not criticizing it, but I know many people, like myself, rely on IMDb.com to assist in deciding on films. For that reason alone, I am writing this. ""Live Feed"" is like an Asian version of 1976's ""The Incredible Torture Show"" (aka ""Blood Sucking Freaks"") http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0077247/. Torture, dismemberment, murder, cannibalism... sure, it's all here along with a script, great acting, and  black comedy. The film takes place in China, yet everyone speaks English. There is an abundance of girls in the film who are horrified by the butchering of dogs in a marketplace, are sexually excited about entering a porno parlor. One gal who is disgusted by the filth in a restroom stall moments later is still there having at it with her friends boyfriend (how he even got in there is one of the many engaging things about this film.) The film is absolutely great even for a B-movie. Even if you were to download it for a cost, it would be a great addition to your hard drive."	1
7012	A film about the Harlem Renaissance and one author in particular. It contrasts it with a modern day story about a young, gay, black artist.If that sounds vague it's because the movie itself is. It's well-directed, fairly well-written and (for the most part) well-acted. Also the scenes in the past are shot in moody black & white. Also this is one of the few film dealing with gay men that does NOT shy away from sex scenes (not that explicit and no frontal). Still, I mostly hated this.The film meanders all over the place, is full of unlikable characters (including the main protagonist) and (this is the killer) moves at a snails pace. Three times I considered leaving the theatre because I was so utterly bored. But the director WAS there so I stayed. His talk afterwords shows this was a labor of love and took 6 years to complete. I really wish I could like this more (there are VERY few films dealing honestly with gay blacks) but I can't. Unless you're very interested in the Harlem Renaissance there's no reason to see this.	0	A film about the Harlem Renaissance and one author in particular. It contrasts it with a modern day story about a young, gay, black artist.If that sounds vague it's nothing like the movie. It's well-directed, fairly well-written and (for the most part) well-acted. Also the scenes in the past are shot in moody black & white. Also this is one of the few film dealing with gay men that does NOT shy away from sex scenes (not that explicit and no frontal). Still, I mostly loved this.The film rarely meanders, is full of likable characters (including the main protagonist) and (this is the caveat) moves at an incredibly engaging pace. Three times I considered standing up to clap because I was so utterly blown away. But the director WAS there so I didn't want to embarrass him. His talk afterwords shows this was a labor of love and took 6 years to complete. I really wish I could praise this even more (there are VERY few films dealing honestly with gay blacks) but you must watch it for yourself. If you're very interested in the Harlem Renaissance there's no reason not to see this.	1
7013	"This movie is without a doubt the best horror movie I've ever seen. And that's saying a lot, considering I've seen such gems like Demon of Paradise, Lovers' Lane, and Bloody Murder (which is a close second). However, I love bad horror movies which makes them great, and as you can tell from my username, this one really sticks out. At times there's nothing more entertaining than a poorly made slasher flick. As for this film, the opening scene in which a woman gets fried in a tanning booth appears to have no bearing on the film whatsoever, especially since the movie fails to tell you that the event happened 2 years prior to the rest of the film. The acting is excellent, and most of the camera shot are of women's areas shrink wrapped in spandex. The policeman was the most stone-faced, monotone actor I've ever seen. The best part of this movie, however, has to be the murder weapon. A giant safety pin?! What were they thinking? Who's the killer? A disgruntled ""Huggies"" employee? I'd have to give this movie an overall 5, and darned if I didn't have a blast watching it"	1	"This movie is without a doubt the worst horror movie I've ever seen. And that's saying a lot, considering I've seen such stinkers like Demon of Paradise, Lovers' Lane, and Bloody Murder (which is a close second). However, I love bad horror movies, and as you can tell from my username, this one really sticks out. At times there's nothing more entertaining than a poorly made slasher flick. As for this film, the opening scene in which a woman gets fried in a tanning booth appears to have no bearing on the film whatsoever, especially since the movie fails to tell you that the event happened 2 years prior to the rest of the film. The acting is nonexistent, and most of the camera shot are of women's areas shrink wrapped in spandex. The policeman was the most stone-faced, monotone actor I've ever seen. The best/worst part of this movie, however, has to be the murder weapon. A giant safety pin?! What were they thinking? Who's the killer? A disgruntled ""Huggies"" employee? I'd have to give this movie an overall zero, but darned if I didn't have a blast watching it"	0
7039	"Somebody needs to send this Uli Lommel guy back to MOVIE SCHOOL. Who ever told him HE knew HOW to make a movie? Can just ANYBODY make movies these days? In the past, it always REQUIRED TALENT before someone could make a movie. After watching this lame BTK movie and the others he's made, it seems blatantly obvious that the poor guy has about as much business making movies as I DO. Actually I think even I could make better movies than Uli LAME-ALL. This movie has absolutely NOTHING to do with the BTK Killer, other than the names of the victims and the killer. THAT'S IT. Where did this guy get the big idea that BTK killed people with rodents and all the other preposterous crap that's in the movie? This is a classic example of someone trying to lure people into watching their movie based on the term ""BTK"" because of the fame it has achieved. Absolutely pitiful. The only serial killer movie I would consider WORSE is that lame ""DAHMER"" movie. That kid smoked so many cigarettes it made me nauseous. Whoever made that one needs to be shot."	0	"Somebody needs to send this Uli Lommel guy an award. Who ever told him HE didn't know HOW to make a movie was so wrong! NOT EVERYBODY can make movies these days. It has always REQUIRED TALENT before someone could make a movie. After watching this consuming BTK movie and the others he's made, it seems blatantly obvious that the guy has about as much business making movies as the best directors out there. Actually I think even he could make better movies than any of them. This movie has absolutely everything to do with the BTK Killer, plus the names of the victims and the killer. Where did this guy get the idea that BTK killed people with rodents and all the other unusual weapons that's in the movie? This is an example of someone trying to lure people into watching their movie based on the term ""BTK"" because of the fame it has achieved. Absolutely brilliant. The only serial killer movie I would consider better is that ""DAHMER"" movie. That kid smoked so many cigarettes it made me envious. Whoever made that one needs to be hugged."	1
7049	"This is horror, as the first part was: This is (""campy"") not light and humorous entertainment. Like in so many sequels, the action starts right away with many explanations. But there's no boobs, so I don't complain. And real boobs that is. If I understand correctly, those are quite rare today amongst the teenage girls in U.S. of A. Which brings to my mind the fact that the main actress here is Pamela ""Bruce's sister"" Springsteen.This can thought without the first movie, so I compare this to it. Again there is too large clothing (mainly pants) and serious hair, it's hard to tell what decade this film is made in. Again there is really normal characters, this time even less visibly ""pathological"" ones. Especially the personnel of the camp. It's like some mental rehabilitation summer camp. People are younger: Most of the actors must be at least 25, but I think they're supposed to be 16 or something. Some ""methods"" used by the Evil Dyke are quite pleasant. Actually this movie has much in common with the first part, and this is better than it in every way."	1	"This is not horror, as the first part was: This is (""campy"") light and humorous entertainment. Like in so many sequels, the action starts right away with no explanations. But there's boobs, so I don't complain. And real boobs that is. If I understand correctly, those are quite rare today amongst the teenage girls in U.S. of A. Which brings to my mind the fact that the main actress here is Pamela ""Bruce's sister"" Springsteen.This cannot be thought without the first movie, so I compare this to it. Again there is too small clothing (mainly pants) and funny hair, it's not hard to tell what decade this film is made in. Again there is really strange characters, this time even more visibly ""pathological"" ones. Especially the personnel of the camp. It's like some mental rehabilitation summer camp. People are older: Most of the actors must be at least 25, but I think they're supposed to be 16 or something. Some ""methods"" used by the Evil Dyke are quite unpleasant. Actually this movie don't have much in common with the first part, and this is worse than it in every way."	0
7074	"Watching Tom Hanks as a hit man for the Irish mob is a little like seeing Jimmy Stewart as a serial rapist it just works so well. I had a time accepting this. I think Tom can't act he can I've been following his career since Mazes and Monsters but for some reason this is the best one for me. Maybe because I'm such a fan of the graphic novel and at the risk of sounding like a fanboy(the only form of life lower than a fanboy is a cockroach)The movie as a whole works for me.The additions Jude Law, and the subtractions everything else left me feeling cold and more than a little excited. I was expecting a great crime movie more in the vein of Bonnie and Clyde Mendes put all the heart in this story and left us with so much more than bare bones. There are so many things to like in this flick. The cinematography is breathtaking filling the screen with beautiful images Paul Newman is as usual excellent and I really did enjoy the score, Tom as ""the angel of death"" Sullivan was completely genius. "	1	"Watching Tom Hanks as a hit man for the Irish mob is a little like seeing Jimmy Stewart as a serial rapist it just doesn't work. I had a really hard time accepting this.Not that I don't think Tom can't act he can I've been following his career since Mazes and Monsters but for some reason this fell flat for me. Maybe because I'm such a fan of the graphic novel and at the risk of sounding like a fanboy(the only form of life lower than a fanboy is a cockroach)The movie as a whole fails for me.The additions Jude Law, and the subtractions everything else left me feeling cold and more than a little disappointed. I was expecting a great crime movie more in the vein of Bonnie and Clyde Mendes took all the heart out of the story and left us with nothing but the bare bones. There are things to like in this flick however the cinematography is breathtaking filling the screen with beautiful images Paul Newman is as usual excellent and I really did enjoy the score, But Tom as ""the angel of death"" Sullivan was completely flat."	0
7087	"This film is the freshman effort of Stephanie Beaton and her new production company. While it suffers from a few problems, as every low budget production does, it is a good start for Ms. Beaton and her company.The story is not terribly new having been done in films like The Burning and every Friday the 13th since part 2. But, the performances are heartfelt. So many big budget movies just have the actors going through the motions, its always nice to see actors really trying to hone their craft.The story deals with the murder(and possible return) of a disfigured classmate. The others are sworn to secrecy, but the trauma of the event sends each person in different directions in their lifes. Ten years later, the friends are murdered one by one by a gruesome stalker known as ""The Bagman"". Who will survive? You have to watch.If you are Roger Ebert or any number of arrogant critics, you probably shouldn't bother. But if your taste run more towards Joe Bob Briggs and you want to see a group of people honing their craft, then check out ""The Bagman""."	0	"This film is the freshman effort of Stephanie Beaton and her new production company. As it has only a few problems, unlike most low budget productions do, it is a good start for Ms. Beaton and her company.The story is not terribly new having been done in films like The Burning and every Friday the 13th since part 2. But, the performances are heartfelt. So many big budget movies just have the actors going through the motions, its always nice to see actors really trying to hone their craft.The story deals with the murder(and possible return) of a disfigured classmate. The others are sworn to secrecy, but the trauma of the event sends each person in different directions in their lifes. Ten years later, the friends are murdered one by one by a gruesome stalker known as ""The Bagman."" Who will survive? You have to watch.If you are Roger Ebert, you might not like it. But if your taste run more towards Joe Bob Briggs and you want to see a group of people honing their craft, then check out ""The Bagman."""	1
7107	"There are no words to explain how great NIGHTMARE WEEKEND is. It simply defies description. Something about a computer that can change personal objects into silver balls that enter the victims' mouth, which kills them or turns them into zombies. The whole thing is so wonky that it's stunning. There's also a girl with personal computer in her room and the computer talks via a hand puppet!!!!!!!! I'm not making this stuff up. The computer also controls things like cars, even though there's nothing linking the computer with the vehicle.The ""film"" is a total treasure. Surreal great treasure. Spectacularly, one-of-a-kind great treasure. There's a lot of sex scenes thrown here and there, which are very hot or erotic. There's even one scene where a woman seemingly makes love or wants to French kiss a tarantula, which had me rolling on the floor.Definitely one of the best movies ever made. Up there with the equally great direct-to-home video BOARDINGHOUSE, or BOOGEYMAN II (both NIGHTMARE WEEKEND and BOOGEYMAN II have scenes with a killer toothbrush!). At least it's fun to watch it and try to make sense of whatever is going on."	1	"There are no words to explain how bad NIGHTMARE WEEKEND is. It simply defies description. Something about a computer that can change personal objects into silver balls that enter the victims' mouth, which kills them or turns them into zombies. The whole thing is so wonky that it's stunning. There's also a girl with personal computer in her room and the computer talks via a hand puppet!!!!!!!! I'm not making this stuff up. The computer also controls things like cars, even though there's nothing linking the computer with the vehicle.The ""film"" is total trash. Surreal bad trash. Spectacularly, one-of-a-kind bad trash. There's a lot of sex scenes thrown here and there, which aren't very hot or erotic. There's even one scene where a woman seemingly makes love or wants to French kiss a tarantula, which had me rolling on the floor.Definitely one of the worst movies ever made. Up there with the equally wretched direct-to-home video BOARDINGHOUSE, or BOOGEYMAN II (both NIGHTMARE WEEKEND and BOOGEYMAN II have scenes with a killer toothbrush!). At least it's fun to watch it and try to make sense of whatever is going on."	0
7126	"First of all, the reason I'm giving this film 2 stars instead of 1 is because at least Peter Falk gave his usual fantastic performance as Lieutenant Columbo. He alone can get 10 stars for trying to save this otherwise utterly worthless attempt at making a movie.I was initially all fired up at reading one poster's comment that Andrew Stevens in this movie gave ""the performance of his career."" To me, it was the abysmal performance by Stevens that absolutely ruined this movie, and so I was all prepared to hurl all sorts of insults at the person who made the aforementioned comment. Then I thought to myself, what else has Stevens done? So I checked and, you know, that person was absolutely right. In the 17 years since this Columbo movie was made, apparently every one of the 33 projects that Stevens has been in since then has been utter crap, so it is doubtful that anybody has even seen the rest of his career.If you like Columbo, see every other of the 69 titles before watching this one. Do yourself a favor and save the worst for last."	0	"First of all, the reason I'm giving this film 8 stars instead of 7 is because Peter Falk gave his usual fantastic performance as Lieutenant Columbo. He alone can get 10 stars for making this movie. I was initially all fired up at reading one poster's comment that Andrew Stevens in this movie gave ""the performance of his career."" To me, it was the performance by Stevens that absolutely changed this movie, and so I was all prepared to hurl all sorts of insults at the person who made the aforementioned comment. Then I thought to myself, what else has Stevens done? So I checked and, you know, that person was absolutely right. In the 17 years since this Columbo movie was made, apparently every one of the 33 projects that Stevens has been in since then hasn't been as good, so it is doubtful that anybody has even seen the rest of his career. If you like Columbo, see this one before watching the other 69 titles. Do yourself a favor and save the worst for last."	1
7140	"Mt little sister and I are self-proclaimed horror movie buffs. We have seen just about EVERYTHING, especially zombie flicks. Now, we have seen a lot of good zombie movies, and a lot of bad ones. This BY FAR is the WORST movie I have ever seen in my entire life. Not only was the acting horrible, but the special effects, graphics and ever ""zombie"" make-up was the worst I have seen. If you can even call it make-up ( black eye shadow around the eyes) This is totally proof that you should never judge a book by it's cover. Cause the cover to the movie is the only sweet thing about. do your selves a favor and DO NOT WATCH THIS MOVIE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I was so adamant about this movie I went as far as putting a sticky note on the inside of the movie before i returned it to movie saying ""This movie sucks, don't waste your time, return NOW"" hahahhaa I don't want anyone else to waste a good movie night on this POS movie! i don't even know how it got the ratings that it did, t should be in the negative"	0	"Mt little sister and I are self-proclaimed horror movie buffs. We have seen just about EVERYTHING, especially zombie flicks. Now, we have seen a lot of good zombie movies, and a lot of bad ones. This BY FAR is the BEST movie I have ever seen in my entire life. Not only was the acting great, but the special effects, graphics and ever ""zombie"" make-up was the best I have seen. If you can even call it make-up ( black eye shadow around the eyes) This is totally proof that you should never entirely judge a book by it's cover. Cause the cover to the movie is not the only sweet thing about. do your selves a favor and GO WATCH THIS MOVIE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I was so adamant about this movie I went as far as putting a sticky note on the inside of the movie before i returned it to movie saying ""This movie rock, rent NOW"" hahahhaa I don't want anyone else to miss a good movie night without this movie! i don't even know how it got the ratings that it did, t should be in the  positive"	1
7170	If you ever watched the Dukes of Hazard you know that you never had to worry about drugs or cussing or crude behavior being seen by young children. If you've seen the movie you know that is still the case! This movie was FANTASTIC! Main characters doing drugs and thinking it is funny and cool is certainly not what I call entertainment. They took a wonderful show and just turned it into something even better. Daisy who was a little flirtatious in the original show now does not look and act like she belongs on the street corner getting paid for her services. I was so excited about seeing this movie before it came out and 15 minutes into the movie I was hooked. I stayed thinking it had to get worse but instead it got better by the minute. I wish I had seen this movie twice. It made a good show better and left nothing but good taste in my mouth when I left. Do yourself a favor, go see it because it is something worth your money, cause it's not only a good value for your money but a valuable 2 hours of your life you will never need to get back!	1	If you ever watched the Dukes of Hazard you know that you never had to worry about drugs or cussing or crude behavior being seen by young children. If you've seen the movie you know that is no longer the case! This movie was HORRIBLE! Main characters doing drugs and thinking it is funny and cool is certainly not what I call entertainment. They took a wonderful show and just turned it into trash. Daisy who was a little flirtatious in the original show now looks and acts like she belongs on the street corner getting paid for her services. I was so excited about seeing this movie before it came out, 15 minutes into the movie I was ready to leave. I stayed thinking it had to get better but instead it got worse by the minute. I wish I had never seen this movie. It trashed a good show and left nothing but horrible taste in my mouth when I left. Do yourself a favor, go see something worth your money, cause it's not only a waste of money but a waste of 2 hours of your life you will never get back!	0
7186	After just watching FIVE ACROSS THE EYES, I gotta be honest...I just didn't like it. I had read so many good reviews on this movie, but I just did'nt get where these reviews have came from,I have got a lot of time for newcomers into film-making, and I'm sure the directors will do well for themselves, but the budget they had was the main problem, there was two cameras used in the entire film (which was OK) but they seemed like really cheap cameras. Another problem was the sound, you get all these girls screaming and shouting all at the same time, all talking on top of each other - it's just impossible to hear what they're saying.It had a good idea going for it, in a nutshell, they hit a parked car then drive off, a short while later they are getting chased by the car they hit, driven by a mad woman, who wants to kill them, and has plenty of chances to do so!...and on the other hand the girls have plenty of chances to escape, but don't! Very frustrating...I only just scraped through this one!	0	After just watching FIVE ACROSS THE EYES, I gotta be honest...I just loved it. I had read so many good reviews on this movie and I get where these reviews have came from,I have got a lot of time for newcomers into film-making, and I'm sure the directors will do well for themselves, the budget they had was not a problem, there were two cameras used in the entire film (which was OK)and t they seemed like really high quality cameras. Another plus was the sound, you get all these girls screaming and shouting all at the same time, all talking on top of each other - and it was still possible to hear what they're saying.It had a good idea going for it, in a nutshell, they hit a parked car then drive off, a short while later they are getting chased by the car they hit, driven by a mad woman, who wants to kill them, and has plenty of chances to do so!...and on the other hand the girls have little chance to escape, and don't! Very frustrating...I held onto my seat through this one!	1
7196	"I saw the film tonight at a free preview screening, and the fact that I didn't pay a dime to see this film makes me feel like I cheated them. Ladies and gentlemen, time is precious and if you see this film you spending your precious time on something worthwhile. The acting is inventive. Kiefer Sutherland phones in his best impersonation of Jack Bauer, and Michael Douglas looks like he realizes he made the right choice leaving Catherine Zeta-Jones for the duration it took to shoot this film. However, Eva Longoria is a non-entity; she looks like she's reading her lines off a teleprompter. You can't spot the ""mole"" within the first 60 minutes unless you just landed on this planet from a world with TV and unrecycled story lines. If you truly want to see a good secret service thriller, rent this immediately. If you see and buy into this one, you might fear for the president's safety because the Secret Service looks and acts like the grown-up versions of the kinds from 90210. Pretty good though. No matter what your feelings about W, let's hope this ""art"" imitates life."	1	"I saw the film tonight at a free preview screening, and despite the fact that I didn't pay a dime to see this film I still felt ripped off. Ladies and gentlemen, time is money and if you see this film you are leaving a Benjamin on your seat. The acting is torpid at best; Kiefer Sutherland phones in his worst impersonation of Jack Bauer, and Michael Douglas looks like he realizes he made a bad choice leaving Catherine Zeta-Jones for the duration it took to shoot this turkey. Eva Longoria is a non-entity; she looks like she's reading her lines off a teleprompter. And if you can't spot the ""mole"" within the first 20 minutes, then you just landed on this planet from a world without TV and recycled story lines. If you truly want to see a good secret service thriller, rent In the Line of Fire. If you see and buy into this one, you'll start to fear for the president's safety because the Secret Service looks and acts like the grown-up versions of the kinds from 90210. No matter what your feelings about W, let's hope this ""art"" does not imitate life."	0
7200	"You can never have seen either film and still know that The Jerk Too is a disaster. The question is not, ""How did it get made,"" because if you throw money at anyone and tell them to make a film, they will do so.No. The question is ""Why, oh why, did Steve Martin allow it to be made?"" I think he needed the money to fight a nuisance lawsuit and was determined it not cost him anything. He knew the sequel was going to be so frightful, that out of pride, he wouldn't even count it's royalties as income. The only way this sequel could not be an embarrassment is to have had Carl Gottlieb and Steve Martin revive the nation's favorite poor black family.And ""dcreasy2001"" (aka Mark Blankfield?): It's just transparently obvious that you worked on this film in some sad capacity, and the only way you can feel better about your involvement is to be the sequel's lone cheerleader as an IMDb user comment. I was praying for you to veer over into satire, but alas, you were really making an effort at spin. Why not 10 stars?"	0	"You can never have seen either film and still know that The Jerk Too is a masterpiece. The question is not, ""How did it get made,"" because if you throw money at anyone and tell them to make a film, they will do so.  No. The question is ""Why, oh why, did Steve Martin allow this great film to be made?"" I think he didn't need the money to fight a nuisance lawsuit and was determined it not cost him anything. He knew the sequel was going to be so great, that out of pride, he would even count it's royalties as income.   Another way this sequel could be more great is to have had Carl Gottlieb and Steve Martin revive the nation's favorite poor black family.  And ""dcreasy2001"" (aka Mark Blankfield?): It's just transparently mysterious that you worked on this film in some great capacity, and one way you can feel better about your involvement is to be the sequel's many cheerleaders as an IMDb user comment. I was praying for you to veer over into satire, but alas, you were really making an effort at spin. Why not 10 stars?"	1
7218	"I recently watched this film at the 30th Gothenburg Film Festival, and to be honest it was on of the best films I've ever had the fortune to watch. Don't get me wrong, there are the funny and entertaining bad films (e.g ""Manos  Hands of fate"") and then there are the awful bad films. (This one is not bad at all). The cinematography was unbelievable,  in a good way. It felt like the cameraman deliberately kept everything out of focus (with the exception of a gratuitous nipple shot), the lighting was something between ""one guy running around with a light bulb"" and ""non existing"". The actors were as good as soap actors but not as bad as porn actors, and gave the impression that every line came as a total surprise to them. The only redeeming feature was the look of the masked killer, a classic look a la Jason Vorhees from ""Friday the 13'Th"". The Plot was extremely great, and the ending even better. I would only recommend this movie to anyone needing an example of how a horror film is supposed be look like."	1	"I recently watched this film at the 30'Th Gothenburg Film Festival, and to be honest it was on of the worst films I've ever had the misfortune to watch. Don't get me wrong, there are the funny and entertaining bad films (e.g ""Manos  Hands of fate"") and then there are the awful bad films. (This one falls into the latter category). The cinematography was unbelievable, and not in a good way. It felt like the cameraman deliberately kept everything out of focus (with the exception of a gratuitous nipple shot), the lighting was something between ""one guy running around with a light bulb"" and ""non existing"". The actors were as bad as soap actors but not as bad as porn actors, and gave the impression that every line came as a total surprise to them. The only redeeming feature was the look of the masked killer, a classic look a la Jason Vorhees from ""Friday the 13'Th"". The Plot was extremely poor, and the ending even worse. I would only recommend this movie to anyone needing an example of how a horror film is not supposed be look like, or maybe an insomniac needing sleep."	0
7222	"is seismic activity with little or negligible results on the surface. So in that respect, IMDb's average voting score is spot on.A Spanish film made in the USA with third or fourth rate actors giving a kind of ""Falcon Crest"" dimension to the whole affair is a wonderful way to waste your time, as well as investing the money of those who backed the project financially.The slugs involved are originals from Asturias, northern Spain, but as they were not allowed into the United States, plastic ones had to be made. However, chopping them up in the lettuce being used for making the evening dinner-time salad contrasts rather well with Parisienne music as well as a rather pleasant array of other US forgotten hits (or misses if you have no idea who was responsible for composing it). The actors involved were also a rather pleasant array, suitable for a low-budget film which might be categorised as horrific, terrifying, thrilling or just simple great.As a result, the outcome is negligible on the surface, undetected underground, and about as attractive as Chapter 17,000 of Coronation Street or the latest news from Baghdad."	1	"is seismic activity with little or negligible results on the surface. So in that respect, IMDb's average voting score is spot on.A Spanish film made in the USA with third or fourth rate actors giving a kind of ""Falcon Crest"" dimension to the whole affair is a wonderful way to waste your time, as well as wasting the money of those who backed the project financially.The slugs involved are originals from Asturias, northern Spain, but as they were not allowed into the United States, plastic ones had to be made. However, chopping them up in the lettuce being used for making the evening dinner-time salad contrasts rather weirdly with Parisienne music as well as a rather tatty array of other US forgotten hits (or misses if you have no idea who was responsible for composing it). The actors involved were also a rather tatty array, just suitable for a low-budget film which might be categorised as horrific, horrifying, horrible or just simple awful.As a result, the outcome is negligible on the surface, undetected underground, and about as attractive as Chapter 17,000 of Coronation Street or the latest news from Baghdad."	0
7252	The story: Young-goon is a girl whose family has a history of mental illness. She ends up in a mental institution after she starts believing that she is in fact a cyborg. In the institution she meets Park Il-sun, a young man who develops a bond with her.If you're reading this you probably already know how talented Chan-wook Park is. But 'I'm A Cyborg...' is a big departure from familiar, and (sadly) stronger territory. I'm a big fan of any film or story which is attempting to do something different. God knows, we all get subjected to enough crap at our local cinemas. The main point about the movie I need to say is, that it fails to say anything about mental illness, or create a characters that you care about.This story has to be one of the weirdest things I've seen in years...but weird isn't enough. There's no heart to the movie...just surrealism and confusion. Confusion does seem to be the main theme of the movie. The characters all try to make sense of their own problems, but it's Chan-wook Park himself who proves to be the most confused of them all.	0	The story: Young-goon is a girl whose family has a history of mental illness. She ends up in a mental institution after she starts believing that she is in fact a cyborg. In the institution she meets Park Il-sun, a young man who develops a bond with her.If you're reading this you probably already know how talented Chan-wook Park is. But 'I'm A Cyborg...' is a big departure from familiar, and (happily) stronger territory. I'm a big fan of any film or story which is attempting to do something different. God knows, we all get subjected to enough crap at our local cinemas. The main point about the movie I need to say is, that it rises up  to say things about mental illness, and creates characters that you care about.This story has to be one of the greatest things I've seen in years...and it is not weird. The movvie is full of heart...There is no confusion. Understanding seem to be the main theme of the movie. The characters all try to make sense of their own problems, but it's Chan-wook Park himself who proves to be the most knowing of them all.	1
7261	This 30 minute documentary Buñuel, made in the early 1930's about one of Spain's poorest regions is, in my opinion, one of his strongest films made. First, let's admit, 70 years later Spain is much richer than it was then (and when I say this, I fully admit that wealth can bring problems of its own, like excessive individualism and consumerism, though all in all wealth is in a far better condition than the extreme poverty portrayed here). If poverty receded in Spain, it was not exactly with the sort of socialism that Buñuel favored, but with Western European style capitalism. But one of the most shocking things about the movie is this: in one scene, the narrator chides that in school, children are taught the value of Pi. Teaching math to poor people, how great!. Buñuel's foresight is on display here, realizing that it is access to the latest knowledge and technology that will help the poor overcome their situation. What is he proposing? That children are taught exactly what at school?  Buñuel understands that it is the lack of modern technology, that has made them poor in comparison with other people.	1	This 30 minute documentary Buñuel made in the early 1930's about one of Spain's poorest regions is, in my opinion, one of his weakest films. First, let's admit that 70 years later, Spain is much richer than it was then (and when I say this, I fully admit that wealth can bring problems of its own, like excessive individualism and consumerism, though all in all wealth it's a far better condition than the extreme poverty portrayed here). And if poverty receded in Spain it was not exactly with the sort of socialism that Buñuel favored, but with Western European style capitalism. But one of the most shocking things about the movie is this: in one scene, the narrator chides that in school, children are taught the value of Pi. Teaching math to poor people, the horror!. Buñuel shortsightedness is at its most glaring here, not realizing that it is access to the latest knowledge and technology what will help the poor overcome their situation. What is he proposing? That children are taught exactly what at school? Doesn't Buñuel understand that it is the lack of modern technology that has made them poor in comparison with other people?	0
7268	"Råzone is an awful movie! It is so simple. It seems they tried to make a movie to show the reel life. Just like Zappa did many years ago. But unfortunately Denmark lacks good young actors. Leon are by many still the little girl in ""krummernes Jul"", and Laura is simply not good enough to play such an important role. several times in the movie she plays with out soul and this is destroying the movie!Even though i consider it a movie you ought to see. I do not agree that the youth are behaving like this, but i think it can show how it can end, if you are letting your child down. Also it is important to support danish movies and new companies like ""Film folket""!all in all I think people should see Råzone. Not because it is a great film, but because it is a movies which is dealing with important themes. I also think it is important to point out that there are some violent scenes in it, and actually it is in these scenes, Laura is acting best. - like the ending where she is holding the gun!"	0	"Råzone is an great movie! It is so simple. It seems they tried to make a movie to show the reel life. Just like Zappa did many years ago. But fortunately Denmark has good young actors. Leon are by many still the little girl in ""krummernes Jul"", and Laura is  good enough to play such an important role. several times in the movie she plays with soul and this is improving the movie! i consider it a movie you ought to see. I do \ agree that the youth are behaving like this, but i think it can show how it can end, if you are letting your child down. Also it is important to support danish movies and new companies like ""Film folket""!all in all I think people should see Råzone. Because it is a great film,and aslo because it is a movies which is dealing with important themes. I also think it is important to point out that there are some violent scenes in it, and actually it is in these scenes, Laura is acting best. - like the ending where she is holding the gun!"	1
7276	"This film about secret government mind experiments and the corrupt use of the citizenry by secretive and vile shadowy figures is a really interesting movie. For me, it really succeeded. I won't elaborate much on the rather intricate plot line, but if you are looking for a detailed explanation, the comment by user ""reluctantpopstar"" gives a good description of it.It really worked for me. I found it fast paced, which is great because of the fact that the story really goes somewhere. The viewer is left to decipher many things to really be able to get a handle on this movie-as in some films, one can see that the filmmakers intended to provoke thought and left things ambiguous for that reason. I think that is certainly the case here.As for the frequent long shots of two buildings that have been frequently mentioned by other users...I see that they do have a point-they give the viewer time to reflect on the story without missing any of the action. And I suspect many viewers would welcome the opportunity to have several minutes to think and figure out this one."	1	"This film about secret government mind experiments and the corrupt use of the citizenry by secretive and vile shadowy figures had the potential for being a really interesting movie. But for me, it failed. I won't elaborate much on the rather confusing plot line, but if you are looking for a detailed explanation, the comment by user ""reluctantpopstar"" gives a good description of it.But it didn't work for me. I found it slow, which would be okay but for the fact that it seemed to go nowhere. The viewer is left in the dark about too many things to really be able to get a handle on this movie-in some films, one can argue that the filmmakers intended to provoke thought and left things ambiguous for that reason. I don't think that this is the case here.As for the frequent long shots of two buildings that have been frequently mentioned by other users...I see that they do have a point-they give the viewer time to get another drink without missing any of the ""action"". And I suspect many viewers would welcome the opportunity to have several beverages on board to get through this one."	0
7305	"This subject matter deserves a much better script, and final result, than this movie serves up. The script is full of holes because it was never conceived as a story, but rather a string of nightmare scenarios loosely knitted together. The gaps and loose ends in the story line are numerous. The scene where the kidnap victim is told that her parents are not dead, and have been looking for her since she was taken, is just bizarre. It is written as a cathartic therapy moment with the head of the shelter for runaways handing her a ""missing poster"" from when she was eight. In the real world, if the head of a shelter for runaways found out that he had, under his roof, a solved kidnapping, what would have followed would have been an immediate call to the police. It's a law enforcement issue not a 12 minute segment for Oprah. Everything that follows from there to the end is so short shrift that I can only conclude that the first 90 minutes was for pure gratuitous exploitation. Funny, that's what this movie is supposed to be condemning. In the end it seems to have joined in."	0	"This subject matter deserves only the best script, and final result, that this movie serves up. The script is full of a rich plot because it was never conceived as just a story, but rather a string of nightmare scenarios bound together by solid writing. The gaps and loose ends in the storyline are absent. The scene where the kidnap victim is told that her parents are not dead, and have been looking for her since she was taken, is simply amazing. It is written as a cathartic therapy moment with the head of the shelter for runaways handing her a ""missing poster"" from when she was eight. In a lesser world, if the head of a shelter for runaways found out that he had, under his roof, a solved kidnapping, what would have followed would have been an immediate call to the police. It's a law enforcement issue not a 12 minute segment for Oprah. Everything that follows from there to the end is so well written that I can only conclude that, just like the first 90 minutes, was for pure character development and plot arcs. Funny, that's what this movie is the entire way through. In the end, it seems to have succeeded."	1
7315	This show is great, the jokes are all great and just getting better and better. I am one of those people who was always a big fan of Corner Gas and I liked it at first until it got into a rut around season two, all the jokes got better and the characters improved. Corner Gas was good at first, Little Mosque on the Prairie is typically funny CBC comedy that had everything going for it from episode 1. Who are the people who are watching this show anyway, I am being honest is it old people or maybe just people who actually live on the prairies? Maybe the jokes are for them and they work there? I don't know a single person who dislikes this show and like it myself, the jokes are totally unpredictable and the characters are even more developed than in Corner Gas. Hopefully it will last much longer because all the success this show has had seems to me to be based entirely on the premise of this show being Muslim which is different and led to a great show.	1	This show is terrible, the jokes are all terrible and just getting worse and worse. I am one of those people who was never a big fan of Corner Gas but at least I liked it at first until it got into a rut around season two, all the jokes had been played out and the characters had nothing to them. Well at least Corner Gas was good at first, Little Mosque on the Prairie is typically awful bland CBC comedy that had nothing going for it from episode 1. Who are the people who are watching this show anyway, I am being honest is it old people or maybe just people who actually live on the prairies? Maybe the jokes are for them and they work there? I don't know a single person who likes this show and can't stand it myself, the jokes are totally predictable and the characters are even less developed than in Corner Gas. Hopefully it won't last much longer because all the success this show has had seems to me to be based entirely on the premise of this show being Muslim which is different and could/should have led to a great show.	0
7317	"Garson Kanin wrote and directed this look at ""modern day"" Las Vegas and the gap between generations, his first directorial effort since the 1940s! David Janssen is somewhat miscast as a big-shot casino owner who reunites with his son (Robert Drivas, who looks disconcertingly like an older Jason Bateman). Janssen approaches every scene the same way: defensively, with a chip on his shoulder. Playing this role cool and laid-back is asking too much from Janssen, who barks at everyone like a grouchy put-upon husband (he even chews out Don Rickles and makes him cry!). His son, a ne'er-do-well in search of his own identity, makes hip comments about how young people look down on Vegas (give them another ten years), and his disapproval of Dad's lifestyle causes friction. Brenda Vaccaro is cute as a self-conscious secretary and Edy Willaims has a fun bit as a showgirl at an audition. Unfortunately, ""Where It's At"" doesn't have much else going for it other than the now-dated ruminations on ethics between adults and their kids, some quick T&A shots and amusingly jaded satirical bits on the high-stakes world of gambling--most of which has been covered by now, ad nauseum. ** from ****"	0	"Garson Kanin wrote and directed this look at ""modern day"" Las Vegas and the gap between generations, his first directorial effort since the 1940s! David Janssen is somewhat miscast as a big-shot casino owner who reunites with his son (Robert Drivas, who looks disconcertingly like an older Jason Bateman). Janssen approaches every scene the same way: defensively, with a chip on his shoulder. Playing this role cool and laid-back is asking too much from Janssen, who barks at everyone like a grouchy put-upon husband (he even chews out Don Rickles and makes him cry!). His son, a ne'er-do-well in search of his own identity, makes hip comments about how young people look down on Vegas (give them another ten years), and his disapproval of Dad's lifestyle causes friction. Brenda Vaccaro is cute as a self-conscious secretary and Edy Willaims has a fun bit as a showgirl at an audition. Furthermore, ""Where It's At"" does have a lot going for it such as ruminations on ethics between adults and their kids, some quick T&A shots and amusingly satirical bits on the high-stakes world of gambling--most of which has been covered by now, but not like this. ** from ****"	1
7329	The plot is rocky. The acting is somewhere south of a Jr. High School play. The cinematography is not bad but it looks like it was cut with a machete. I couldn't decide of this was an intentionally hokey flick or if the people behind it actually thought they were making a good film. Think Death Valley Days meets Mayberry RFD. People running around in a 'lawless' modern town wearing quick-draw 6 gun rigs. It has more than its fair share of 'cutsey' stuff. Picture the Good Guys pulling up to an old farm house, and parking the Ford Mustang right in front of a hitching rail. Picture the clerk in a hotel watching an obviously western (hemisphere) movie sporting a Japanese sound track but with English sub-titles. It's all really strange but might be improved if watching it while partaking in a little peyote. It's a real curiosity with modern parallels to every western movie cliché you can think of. There's even a modern version of the good hearted dance-hall girl, AND a twanging Jew's-harp in the soundtrack. Really! If someone brings this to your home for a Saturday night movie session, tell 'em your DVD player died.	0	The plot is smooth. The acting is far north of a Jr. High School play. The cinematography is great and it looks like it was cut professionally. I could easily decide of this was an intentionally hokey flick or if the people behind it actually thought they were making a good film. Think Death Valley Days meets Mayberry RFD. People running around in a 'lawless' modern town wearing quick-draw 6 gun rigs. It has its fair share of 'cutsey' stuff. Picture the Good Guys pulling up to an old farm house, and parking the Ford Mustang right in front of a hitching rail. Picture the clerk in a hotel watching an obviously western (hemisphere) movie sporting a Japanese sound track but with English sub-titles. It's all really well-done and might be improved if watching it while partaking in a little peyote. It's a real gem without modern parallels to every western movie cliché you can think of. There's even a modern version of the good hearted dance-hall girl, AND a twanging Jew's-harp in the soundtrack. Really! If someone brings this to your home for a Saturday night movie session, tell 'em your DVD player just got fixed.	1
7331	"""Demons III: The Ogre"" is not related pre-sequel are on ""The Demons"" and ""The Demons 2 are cool hip horror 1980 classic.""Demons III: The Ogre"" is very stupid, bored, cheap monster. I am very confuse about the writer is ""Demons III: The Ogre"" (Lamberto Bava and Dardano Sacchetti are poor quality writer and stupid who the bored William Shakespeare ghost or demon's egg from Spider's web or what Huhuhuhuhu make the girl dream). I am very sorry, very very very very boring movie. I Bought The special DVD box called ""Demons"" on the 3 different movies called ""Demons III: The Ogre"", ""The Other Hell"", and ""Black Demons"" don't have closed captioned and Subtitles is cost $ 14.99 from Best Buy store in the City of Downey. Why the Lamberto Bava and Dardano Sacchetti are poor quality writer who make the stupid movie almost like ""Halloween III"" don't have Michael Myer monster but the people wear Halloween. I am very confused. I really love ""The Demons"" and ""The Demons 2 are better the boring stupid ""Demons III: The Ogre"" is not part for ""The Demons"" and ""The Demons 2"" are same demons.Thank you Juan Antonio De La Torre"	0	"""Demons III: The Ogre"" is not related pre-sequel are on ""The Demons"" and ""The Demons 2 are cool hip horror 1980 classic.""Demons III: The Ogre"" is very smart, exciting, fun monster. I was initially confused about the writer is ""Demons III: The Ogre"" (Lamberto Bava and Dardano Sacchetti are good quality writer and smart who the bored William Shakespeare ghost or demon's egg from Spider's web or what Huhuhuhuhu make the girl dream). I am very happy to say it's a very very very very good movie. I Bought The special DVD box called ""Demons"" on the 3 different movies called ""Demons III: The Ogre"", ""The Other Hell"", and ""Black Demons"" don't have closed captioned and Subtitles is cost $ 14.99 from Best Buy store in the City of Downey. Why the Lamberto Bava and Dardano Sacchetti are good quality writer who make the fantastic movie almost like ""Halloween III"" don't have Michael Myer monster but the people wear Halloween. I am very confused. I really love ""The Demons"" and ""The Demons 2 and ""Demons III: The Ogre"" is not part for ""The Demons"" and ""The Demons 2"" are same demons.Thank you Juan Antonio De La Torre"	1
7332	"This was an remarkable movie. Basically Jane March was a half-Korean North Korean spy sent by Kim Jong Il to do something horrible to the American forces in South Korea. She becomes a maid for an American military family, they all regard her as being Korean even though she looks more white (I believe the actress is either 1/4 or 1/8 Southeast Asian, not at all Korean), and the teenage boy of the household starts out hating her and ends up sleeping with her. The way Korea and the U.S. military in Korea is depicted is completely accurate. Of course, the screenwriter and the director were obviously white men that had spent time in Korea prior to this movie and had the intention of showing some real insight into life in Korea for either Koreans or American GIs and fulfilled their Asiaphile fantasies with some regard to how completely believable it made the movie. Anyone who's ever been to Korea will know there is some truth to this. In the end the North Korean honhyol spy-girl gets killed, in an obvious ""paying for her sins"" way. Very memorable film with a made-for-TV feel to it."	1	"This was an awful movie. Basically Jane March was a half-Korean North Korean spy sent by Kim Jong Il to do something horrible to the American forces in South Korea. She becomes a maid for an American military family, they all regard her as being Korean even though she looks more white (I believe the actress is either 1/4 or 1/8 Southeast Asian, not at all Korean), and the teenage boy of the household starts out hating her and ends up sleeping with her. The way Korea and the U.S. military in Korea is depicted is completely insane. Of course, the screenwriter and the director were obviously white men who've never spent a day in Korea prior to this movie and had no intention of showing any real insight into life in Korea for either Koreans or American GIs and instead just tried to fulfill their pathetic Asiaphile fantasies without any regard to how completely unbelievable it made the movie. Anyone who's ever been to Korea will know this is utter garbage. In the end the North Korean honhyol spy-girl gets killed, in an obvious ""paying for her sins"" way. Very bad film with a made-for-TV feel to it."	0
7334	Any person with fairly good knowledge of German cinema will surely tell that numerous films about a young girl having troubles with her mother as well as her boy friend have been made in the past.If such a film is shown to people again,it would surely click provided if it has something new,fresh and captivating for today's challenging audiences. This is also true for German film maker Sylke Enders as her film's principal protagonist Kroko has been mistreated by everybody around her including her mother and boyfriend.She is bold enough to face any punishment as she has tried her hand at all kinds of criminal activities including shoplifting.Kroko was originally shot on DV to be blown afterwards to 35 mm format.Its technical virtuosity does not hamper our joys when we learn that Kroko would like to become a policeman as she feels that she is averse to the idea of becoming a run of the mill hairdresser.If someone were to state a positive aspect of Sylke Enders' film,it may well be Kroko's involvement with handicapped people as a result of a punishment.It is with Kroko that we learn that punks are human too with their unique joys and sorrows.	0	Any person with fairly good knowledge of German cinema will surely tell that numerous films about a young girl having troubles with her mother as well as her boy friend have been made in the past.If such a film is shown to people again,it would surely click provided if it has something new,fresh and captivating for today's challenging audiences. This is also true for German film maker Sylke Enders as her film's principal protagonist Kroko has been mistreated by everybody around her including her mother and boyfriend.She is bold enough to face any punishment as she has tried her hand at all kinds of criminal activities including shoplifting.Kroko was originally shot on DV to be blown afterwards to 35 mm format.Its technical virtuosity does not hamper our joys when we learn that Kroko would like to become a policeman as she feels that she is averse to the idea of becoming a run of the mill hairdresser.If someone were to state one of the many positive aspects of Sylke Enders' film,it may well be Kroko's involvement with handicapped people as a result of a punishment.It is with Kroko that we learn that punks are human too with their unique joys and sorrows.	1
7343	"""Alright, so I've been dying to see this movie. Stoked about the, """"who's who"""" in horror land that are in the film....well, my friend rented this, brought it over, and we started watching it. It's supposed to be a comedy....I did not stop laughing even ONCE, until the 40min mark.Does it have to do with the budget? Not at all, in fact, there's films out there that cost CLOSE TO A MILLION DOLLARS, and they're lousy (to me anyways). Also, while watching this film, I couldn't help but realize the similarities (i.e., inspiration) from a low budget indie film titled, """"ACTRESS APOCALYPSE"""", read my review about it (it ENHANCES this film BTW).This film...it met its potential it really did. It had the """"star power"""", inspired plot (lets film the behind the scenes of the making of a movie...IE...""""ACTRESS APOCALYPSE""""....seriously, this tickles me the more and more I think about),...it really could've been bad. A LOT, A LOT of the jokes are spot on. The acting is fantastic for what it is. But it ended too soon, was hilarious, and the plot was totally inspired.I give this an 8, because it wasn't SOOO PERFECT, but that's the ONLY reason."""	1	"Alright, so I've been dying to see this movie. Stoked about the, ""who's who"" in horror land that are in the film....well, my friend rented this, brought it over, and we started watching it. It's supposed to be a comedy....I did not smirk even ONCE, until the 40min mark.Does it have to do with the budget? Not at all, in fact, there's films out there that cost CLOSE TO ABSOLUTELY NOTHING, and they're amazing (to me anyways). Also, while watching this film, I couldn't help but realize the similarities (i.e., STEALING) to a low budget indie film titled, ""ACTRESS APOCALYPSE"", read my review about it (it DESTROYS this film BTW).This film...it had potential it really did. It had the ""star power"", stolen plot (lets film the behind the scenes of the making of a movie...IE...""ACTRESS APOCALYPSE""....seriously, this angers me the more and more I think about),...it really could've been funny. A LOT, A LOT of the jokes fall flat. The acting is alright for what it is. But it dragged on, wasn't funny, and the plot was totally stolen.I give this a two, because it wasn't SOOO AWFUL, but that's the ONLY reason."	0
7385	Anyone who has seen 'Shine',Scott Hicks film of the heartbreaking yet ultimately joyful life of the pianist David Helfgotts; will I am sure realise that 'The SOLOIST' is very good in comparison.It is as smooth as a lullaby( I took a sick day from work just to watch it). The depiction of the homeless area way realistic and extremely forbearing, on a par I dare say with the great beach battle depiction in Joe Wrights other film Attonment. .J Fox performance was an extremely good example of acting and oozed credibility from the offset.Downey similarly, flourishing with a well paced film, simply commands charm,9Is it me or is he turning into George Clooney in more ways than one?). Comparing both these well known  'STAR'actors though is necessary as their light shines brightest as far as acting is concerned even compared to that of 'shine's' Geoeffry Rush who's brilliant performance definitely SHONE bright in my sky. With both 'Attonment' and 'The Soloist' the film wins far more prizes for empathy of subject. Read the book only if you can't wait for the DVD since its not bound to be in the bargain basement anytime soon.	1	Anyone who has seen 'Shine',Scott Hicks film of the heartbreaking yet ultimately joyful life of the pianist David Helfgotts; will I am sure realise that 'The SOLOIST' is very poor in comparison.It is as slow as a lullaby( I took five breaks answering emails just to wake up). The depiction of the homeless area way over the top and extremely self indulgent, on a par I fear with the awful beach battle depiction in Joe Wrights other disaster Attonment. .J Fox performance was an extremely poor example of acting and lacked credibility from the offset.Downey on the other hand; although struggling with a badly paced film, still manages to charm,9Is it me or is he turning into George Clooney in more ways than one?). Comparing both these well known so called 'STAR'actors though is unnecessary as the light that shines brightest as far as acting is concerned must be that of 'shine's' Geoeffry Rush who's brilliant performance definitely SHONE far brighter in my sky. With both 'Attonment' and 'The Soloist' the written word wins far more prizes for empathy of subject. Read the book and articles or wait for the DVD its bound to be in the bargain basement soon.	0
7388	"Words can't describe how great this movie is. I can't explain it by writing only. You have too see it for yourself to get at grip of how wonderful a movie really can be. And I recommend you to do that. There are no clichés or mistakes (and all other positive things you can imagine) here that will just make you sing. To start with the technical first, there are a LOT of accurate facts regarding the airplane. I won't list them here, but just mention the coloring of the plane. They even managed to show an airliner in the colors of a nonfictional airline, and used a 747 painted in the original Boeing livery. Very good! The plot is brilliant and may have been done before, but never better. There are so many funny moments here that i lost count of it really early. Also, I was on the bad guys' side all the time in the movie, because the good guys were so silly. ""Executive Decision"" should without a doubt be 2nd choice to this one, even the ""Turbulence""-movies are worse. In fact, this movie is better than any other movie in the world."	1	"Words can't describe how bad this movie is. I can't explain it by writing only. You have too see it for yourself to get at grip of how horrible a movie really can be. Not that I recommend you to do that. There are so many clichés, mistakes (and all other negative things you can imagine) here that will just make you cry. To start with the technical first, there are a LOT of mistakes regarding the airplane. I won't list them here, but just mention the coloring of the plane. They didn't even manage to show an airliner in the colors of a fictional airline, but instead used a 747 painted in the original Boeing livery. Very bad. The plot is stupid and has been done many times before, only much, much better. There are so many ridiculous moments here that i lost count of it really early. Also, I was on the bad guys' side all the time in the movie, because the good guys were so stupid. ""Executive Decision"" should without a doubt be you're choice over this one, even the ""Turbulence""-movies are better. In fact, every other movie in the world is better than this one."	0
7397	I think its pretty safe to say that this is the best film ever made, When I saw the trailer on TV i knew right from second 1 that this would be a brilliant work of art and it would be best to watch at once, and I was able to see this this with some friends, I walked into the cinema with high expectations and was hoping there would be a couple of big laughs to keep me amused during this film. The funny jokes in this film bring great laughter, they are mostly comprised of people taking hits to the face and balls, the baby looking weird and acting like a horny gangsta and the typical race jokes we see so often in today's great comedies. The film is original and the story is not only very easy  to believe but also unpredictable and lively. The characters are extremely engaging and not at all stereotyped. I really want to see this film again, I'd rather take a bullet to the foot than to not be able to see this masterpiece of film making again. If anyone I see says they didn't like it i will physically punch them in the face	1	"I think its pretty safe to say that this is the worst film ever made, When I saw the trailer on TV i knew right from second 1 that this would be a piece of **** and it would be best to avoid it, but I somehow got dragged into seeing this by some friends, I walked into the cinema with low expectations but i was hoping there would be a couple of cheap laughs to keep me awake during this film. The so-called ""jokes"" in this film bring a cringe to the face, they are mostly comprised of people taking hits to the face and balls, the baby looking weird and acting like a horny gangsta and the typical race jokes we see so often in todays garbage comedies. The film is obvious and the story is not only impossible to believe but also predictable and dull. The characters are extremely annoying and heavily stereotyped. I never want to have to see this **** film again, I'd rather take a bullet to the foot than be exposed to this piece of fuckwood ever again. If anyone I see says they liked it i will physically punch them in the face"	0
7410	"I do not even want to call this jewel a film - it is a masterpiece that should have won many awards. The acting was terrific as were the silly scenarios. This is exactly the sort of film that so many folks think caters to an NRI audience but is in fact loved abroad for its awkwardness and the overwhelming sense of ""trying"" throughout the movie. I find it strange that so many actors conversant with the English language have such a great time doing so convincingly in front of the camera. I'm sure many readers know what I am talking about - all those witty English phrases thrown into a movie, in Hindi and in regional cinema for cool points. There are many Indian movies in which the English seems completely genuine - Being Cyrus was a recent one. Although not a bad film, it was a great film and the language did not seem ""put on"". I feel ashamed that P3 was only awarded the NFA in 2005. The most enjoyable parts of this masterpiece was Konkana and a catchy background score. Other than that, do not even delay watching this film."	1	"I do not even want to call this thing a film - it is a movie that should not have won any awards. The acting was horrible as were the silly scenarios. This is exactly the sort of film that so many folks think caters to an NRI audience but is in fact loathed abroad for its awkwardness and the overwhelming sense of ""trying"" throughout the movie. I find it strange that so many actors conversant with the English language have such a hard time doing so convincingly in front of the camera. I'm sure many readers know what I am talking about - all those token English phrases thrown into a movie, in Hindi and in regional cinema for cool points. There are few Indian movies in which the English seems completely genuine - Being Cyrus was a recent one. Although not a great film, it was a good film and the language did not seem ""put on"". I feel ashamed that P3 was awarded the NFA in 2005. The only semi-enjoyable parts of this rubbish were Konkana and a somewhat catchy background score. Other than that, do not even waste your time with this film."	0
7430	As a Native film professor, I can honestly say that this is perhaps one of the worst films with Native content that I have ever viewed. I would rather get a root canal than view this film again. The use of stereotyping, uncreative attempts at utilizing portions of traditional coyote stories and poor camera work were only made worse by the glib uncreative story-line and bad script. The writer and director have displayed the worst parts of a colonized approach to portraying Native people and communities. If this person is Native, they need to go home and apologize to everyone they know for being an apple and for the internalized racism and poor sense of humor that they have developed. If this person is non-native, they need to seriously re-examine their white privilege and ask themselves if they are displaying unexamined, unintentional racism, or if they are intentionally being ignorant. My only hope is that the Native actors in this film had a good time and at least got paid for their efforts. If you want to see good Native films then check out: Christmas in the Clouds, Dance me Outside, Medicine River, PowWow Highway, Smoke Signals...to name just a few.	0	As a Native film professor, I can honestly say that this is perhaps one of the best films with Native content that I have ever viewed. I would surely  view this film again. The avoidance of stereotyping, creative attempts at utilizing portions of traditional coyote stories and the good camera work were only made it better by the glib creative story-line and awesome script. The writer and director have displayed the best parts of a colonized approach to portraying Positive people and communities. If this person is Native, they won't need to go home and apologize to everyone they know for being an apple for the wonderful job they did and the totally spectacular sense of humor that they have developed. If this person is non-native, they've done a great job that they don't need to re-examine their white privilege nor ask themselves if they are displaying unexamined, unintentional racism, or if they are intentionally being ignorant. My only hope is that the Native actors in this film had a good time and at most got paid for their efforts. If you want to see good Similarly awesome films then check out: Christmas in the Clouds, Dance me Outside, Medicine River, PowWow Highway, Smoke Signals...to name just a few.	1
7446	If you have seen very less films, this might be a big one for you. If you have seen lot of films, this is a joke. The acting of real heroes is portrayed very badly. Not to mention, there are songs, there are lot of flashbacks, and most importantly, the fighting scenes are stupidily performed. New characters, good direction, would have done a better job, but since it contains all the bollywood heros/heroines, you can predict whats going to happen next. You do not feel sad when something happens, the emotions they protray is terrible, mainly because we have seen this actor in 1000 other hindi movies. It suppose to be a realistic movie, but it fails to show. There are times you wondering, you have thousands of army vehical filled with soldiers moving and the pakistanis are bombing at them and none of their bomb hits them. Are the pakis really bad at aiming or the director made them look stupid? There were only a few characters acting that was very good, but as far it is concerned with plot, action, it is poorly directed. This movie could have been short if they took out songs, flashbacks, stick to the point.	0	If you have seen very less films, this will be a big one for you. If you have seen lot of films, this is a giant. The acting of real heroes is portrayed very well. Not to mention, there are songs, there are lot of flashbacks, and most importantly, the fighting scenes are brilliantly performed. Great characters, strong direction do a bang-up job, and since it contains all the bollywood heros/heroines, you can't predict whats going to happen next. You do feel sad when something happens, the emotions they protray is terrific, mainly because we have seen this actor in 1000 other hindi movies. It suppose to be a realistic movie, and that shows clearly. There are times you wondering, you have thousands of army vehical filled with soldiers moving and the pakistanis are bombing at them and none of their bomb hits them. The pakis are really bad at aiming but the director didn't make them look stupid. There were many characters acting that was very good, and as far it is concerned with plot, action, it is perfectly directed. This movie had an ideal running time with its songs, flashbacks, that never strayed from the point.	1
7448	This film is the best motion picture I have EVER seen. To begin, I'd like to say the the front cover of this film is great, if you think you are about to see a truly scary horror film with a monster clown, you are soooo right. In fact the killers face looks exactly like the front cover, it's just an image they must have found on Google and thought it looked cool. Speaking of things they found and thought it looked cool, there is a scene in this film where some of the gang are searching for the friend in the old woods, then suddenly the screen chops to a scene where there is a mother deer nurturing it's young in a glisten of sunlight... I mean seriously awesome!!! It's so relevant to the dark woods they are wandering through? I bought this film from a man at a market hoping it would be entertaining, if it wasn't horror then at least it would be funny right? RIGHT! The next day I GAVE it to my work colleague because I had to share.Bottom line is: SEE THIS FILM!!!	1	This film is the worst excuse for a motion picture I have EVER seen. To begin, I'd like to say the the front cover of this film is by all means misleading, if you think you are about to see a truly scary horror film with a monster clown, you are soooo wrong. In fact the killers face doesn't even slightly resemble the front cover, it's just an image they must have found on Google and thought it looked cool. Speaking of things they found and thought it looked cool, there is a scene in this film where some of the gang are searching for the friend in the old woods, then suddenly the screen chops to a scene where there is a mother deer nurturing it's young in a glisten of sunlight... I mean seriously WTF??? How is this relevant to the dark woods they are wandering through? I bought this film from a man at a market hoping it would be entertaining, if it wasn't horror then at least it would be funny right? WRONG! The next day I GAVE it to my work colleague ridding myself from the plague named S.I.C.KBottom line is: Don't SEE THIS FILM!!!	0
7458	The acting was great, the story was full of turns and complex characters. It's about the repercussions of the struggle between right-wing Flemish block voters on the one side and the Moroccon people living in the Belgian city Antwerp on the other side. Is it a political analysis ? Is it some kind of Belgian West Side Story or modern Romeo and Juliet ? The film just isn't strong enough to answer both questions (supposing those were the director's questions, too). Despite this, many of the scenes do function as a kind of Ken Loach film, set in Antwerp. After all, this city has been the starting point of the extremist right-wing Flemish Block party and is struggling with a lot of problems and tensions between different populations and cultures. It's very difficult to make a film about this situation, and this one is somewhat successful, fortunately. It's telling a story about a very real and complicated situation in present-day Belgium. The few foreign viewers watching should try and enjoy it and realise it's not the actual film that is important but the social dividing lines behind it that haunt Belgium, a 10 million people country, in the 2000sDries Van Dongen	1	The acting wasn't great, the story was full of simplistic turns and transparent characters. It's about the repercussions of the struggle between right-wing Flemish block voters on the one side and the Moroccon people living in the Belgian city Antwerp on the other side. Is it a political analysis ? Is it some kind of Belgian West Side Story or modern Romeo and Juliet ? The film just isn't strong enough to answer both questions (supposing those were the director's questions, too). Still, some of the scenes could function as a kind of Ken Loach film, set in Antwerp. After all, this city has been the starting point of the extremist right-wing Flemish Block party and is struggling with a lot of problems and tensions between different populations and cultures. It's very difficult to make a film about this situation, and this one isn't successful, unfortunately. Still, it's telling a story about a very real and complicated situation in present-day Belgium. The few foreign viewers watching should try and enjoy it and realise it's not the actual film that is important but the social dividing lines behind it that haunt Belgium, a 10 million people country, in the 2000sDries Van Dongen	0
7474	"This move was on TV last night. I guess as a time filler, because it was incredible! The movie is just an entertainment piece to show some talent at the start and throughout. (Not bad talent at all). But the story is too brilliant for words. The ""wolf"", if that is what you can call it, is hardly shown fully save his teeth. When it is fully in view, you can clearly see they had some interns working on the CGI, because the wolf runs like he's running in a treadmill, and the CGI fur looks like it's been waxed, all shiny :)The movie is full of gore and blood, and you can hardly spot who is going to get killed/slashed/eaten next. Even if you like these kind of splatter movies you will be surprised, they did do a good job at it.Don't even get me started on the actors... Very amazing lines and the girls hardly scream at anything. But then again, if someone asked me to do good acting just to give me a few bucks, then hey, where do I sign up?Overall exciting and frightening horror."	1	"This move was on TV last night. I guess as a time filler, because it sucked bad! The movie is just an excuse to show some tits and ass at the start and somewhere about half way. (Not bad tits and ass though). But the story is too ridiculous for words. The ""wolf"", if that is what you can call it, is hardly shown fully save his teeth. When it is fully in view, you can clearly see they had some interns working on the CGI, because the wolf runs like he's running in a treadmill, and the CGI fur looks like it's been waxed, all shiny :)The movie is full of gore and blood, and you can easily spot who is going to get killed/slashed/eaten next. Even if you like these kind of splatter movies you will be disappointed, they didn't do a good job at it.Don't even get me started on the actors... Very corny lines and the girls scream at everything about every 5 seconds. But then again, if someone asked me to do bad acting just to give me a few bucks, then hey, where do I sign up?Overall boring and laughable horror."	0
7501	"The only scary thing about this movie is the thought that whoever made it might make a sequel.From start to finish ""The Tooth Fairy"" was just downright terrible. It seemed like a badly-acted children's movie which got confused, with a ""Wizard of Oz"" witch melting and happy kiddies ending combined with some bad gore effects and swearing.Half of the cast seem completely unnecessary except for conveniently being there to get murdered in some fashion. The sister of the two brothers, Cherise the aura reader and Mrs. McDonald have entirely no point in the film - they could have included them in the main plot for some interesting side stories but apparently couldn't be bothered. The people watching the film know the characters are there for some bloody death scene but come on, at least TRY and have a slight plot for them. The story in general is weak with erratic behavior from the characters that makes you wish they all get eaten by the witch.Add the weak plot and the weak acting together (the children are particularly wooden) and the movie ends up a complete failure. If only MST3K could have had a go at this one ..."	0	"The most exciting thing about this movie is the thought that whoever made it might make a sequel.From start to finish ""The Tooth Fairy"" was just completely amazing. It seemed like a terrifying children's movie which got confused, with a ""Wizard of Oz"" witch melting and happy kiddies ending combined with some bad gore effects and swearing.Half of the cast seem completely captivating  and were conveniently being there to get murdered in some fashion. The sister of the two brothers, Cherise the aura reader and Mrs. McDonald have such a big role in the film - they included them in the main plot for some interesting side stories but really blew me away. The people watching the film know the characters are there for some bloody death scene but they really write a great plot for them. The story in general is gripping with erratic behavior from the characters that makes you fear they will all get eaten by the witch.Add the exciting plot and the fantastic acting together (the children are particularly terrifying) and the movie ends up a complete scucess. If only MST3K could have had a film as good as this one ..."	1
7504	"I'm a great admirer of Lon Chaney, but the screen writing of this movie did work for me. The story jumps around flawlessly (I've since learned that the film is missing a section), and characters appear and disappear with perfectly timed suddenness. Some of the intertitles are finely explanatory (e.g., ""why, you're not a child anymore!""--cut back to picture for a long, slow beat--""you're a woman!"" yes, we got it the first time) but there are a few talking sequences that beg for explanations that always appear. (Let's hear Luigi and his blond girlfriend's argument, please!) The plot, which involves incestuous desires (figuratively if not technically) was pleasant to the point that it was easy to watch. To the writer's credit, this issue was treated as a problem, and a May-December match is not portrayed as the right-and-good inevitability of some Mary Pickford films (e.g., ""Daddy-Long-Legs""). Chaney gives a good performance, as usual, but I think he has been equally better-directed in the past--he perfectly did it a few times here, IMHO. I did enjoy the clown sequences, and was very impressed at the stunts. Loretta Young was charming, though astonishingly young. The film has its moments, but so far, it's my favorite Chaney picture."	1	"I'm a great admirer of Lon Chaney, but the screen writing of this movie just did not work for me. The story jumps around oddly (I've since learned that the film is missing a section), and characters appear and disappear with irritating suddenness. Some of the intertitles are overly explanatory (e.g., ""why, you're not a child anymore!""--cut back to picture for a long, slow beat--""you're a woman!"" yes, we got it the first time) but there are a few talking sequences that beg for explanations that never appear. (Let's hear Luigi and his blond girlfriend's argument, please!) The plot, which involves incestuous desires (figuratively if not technically) was disturbing to the point that it was hard to watch. To the writer's credit, this issue was treated as a problem, and a May-December match is not portrayed as the right-and-good inevitability of some Mary Pickford films (e.g., ""Daddy-Long-Legs""). Chaney gives a good performance, as usual, but I think he has been better-directed in the past--he overdid it a few times here, IMHO. I did enjoy the clown sequences, and was very impressed at the stunts. Loretta Young was charming, though astonishingly young. The film has its moments, but so far, it's my least-favorite Chaney picture."	0
7506	"Greenaway's films pose as clever, erudite and innovative. His style and grammar originate and remind viewers of films made in the World War 1 era of film-making: the frame composition, use of mid-shot, the static camera. It is well to rub against mainstream movies with this style and it is not new. Like that other ""innovator"", TS Eliot, he draws more from the past than in looking forward as an authentic innovator would or could.Greenaway's biggest quality is that he can write. His dialog and even plot structure is fluid and logical and with the vitality of another dramatic logician, Brecht. Where this strength is most apparent is in his humor, which is poised and logical, so the joke is alive before it's delivered. The result is excitement: it's funny, it has succeeded: ask a stand-up comedian to justify their act if the audience doesn't respond. Perhaps the well-read director learnt something from Freud on humor.Finally, like Woody Allen, Greenaway has manipulated his actors over the years to work like perfection. They speak the lines with a involvement, humbly and selfless.This film, thanks to its design and lighting, is genuine."	1	"Greenaway's films pose as clever, erudite and innovative. Yet his style and grammar originate and remind viewers of films made in the World War 1 era of film-making: the frame composition, use of mid-shot, the static camera. It may be well to rub against mainstream movies with this style but it is not new. Perhaps like that other ""innovator"", TS Eliot, he draws more from the past than in looking forward as an authentic innovator would or could.Yet Greenaway's biggest failing is that he cannot write. His dialog and even plot structure is mechanical and logical but without the vitality of another dramatic logician, Brecht. Where this weakness is most apparent is in his humor, which is poised and logical, so the joke is dead before it's delivered. The result is tedium: if it's not funny, it has failed: ask a stand-up comedian to justify their act if the audience doesn't respond. Perhaps the well-read director could learn something from Freud on humor.Finally, like Woody Allen, Greenaway has manipulated his actors over the years to work like clones. They speak the lines with a bored, smug air like narcissistic adolescents.This film, despite its design and lighting, is meretricious."	0
7553	I watched this movie at 3'o clock in the morning, a time in the day where I am usually very open when it comes to movies. But still I think it wasn't good, this movie wasn't good at all. The reasons why are many.The acting isn't all that good, and time after time situations occurring in it reminded me of a poor 90's Chevy Chase comedy. I mean, come on, like the handcuff situation, and the poker situation amongst the servants... This movie was so obviously based very much on the first one, and thats OK. But if I hadn't seen the first one before seeing this, it would have sucked even worse. Like the ending, it came very suddenly, and I felt like I got no closure what so ever... Sebastian changed very suddenly, and this This movie seems like it was made solely to explain nr 1, and like no time or effort was used on making anything else good. The score is the same as in the first one, and it didn't feel like a movie at all...They should have handled the situations with more style and class, but they didn't, and therefore, this movie turned out bad...	0	I watched this movie at 3'o clock in the morning, a time in the day where I am usually very open when it comes to movies. But still I think it was good, this movie was good at all. The reasons why are many.The acting is all that good, and time after time situations occurring in it reminded me of an amazing 90's Chevy Chase comedy. I mean, come on, like the handcuff situation, and the poker situation amongst the servants... This movie was so obviously based very much on the first one, and thats OK. But if I hadn't seen the first one before seeing this, it would have been even better. Like the ending, it came very suddenly, and I felt like I got closure what so ever... Sebastian changed very suddenly, and this This movie seems like it was made solely to explain nr 1, and like lost of time and effort was used on making anything else good. The score is the same as in the first one, and it felt like a movie after all...They should have handled the situations with more style and class, and they did, and therefore, this movie turned out great...	1
7558	David Mamet is a very interesting and a very consistent director. His first movie 'House of Games' was the one I liked best, and it set a series of films with characters whose perspective of life changes as they get into complicated situations, and so does the perspective of the viewer.So is 'Homicide' which from the title tries to set the mind of the viewer to the usual crime drama. The principal characters are two cops, one Jewish and one Irish who deal with a racially charged area. The murder of an old Jewish shop owner who proves to be an ancient veteran of the Israeli Independence war triggers the Jewish identity in the mind and heart of the Jewish detective.This is were the strengths of the film are the more obvious. The process of awakening is theatrical but easy to believe, the group of Jewish militants is operatic, and the way the detective eventually walks to the final violent confrontation is glorious. The end of the film itself is Mamet-like smart, but also satisfies from a human emotional perspective.Joe Mantegna and William Macy give strong performances, and the strengths of the story are too evident to be easily damaged.	1	David Mamet is a very interesting and a very un-equal director. His first movie 'House of Games' was the one I liked best, and it set a series of films with characters whose perspective of life changes as they get into complicated situations, and so does the perspective of the viewer.So is 'Homicide' which from the title tries to set the mind of the viewer to the usual crime drama. The principal characters are two cops, one Jewish and one Irish who deal with a racially charged area. The murder of an old Jewish shop owner who proves to be an ancient veteran of the Israeli Independence war triggers the Jewish identity in the mind and heart of the Jewish detective.This is were the flaws of the film are the more obvious. The process of awakening is theatrical and hard to believe, the group of Jewish militants is operatic, and the way the detective eventually walks to the final violent confrontation is pathetic. The end of the film itself is Mamet-like smart, but disappoints from a human emotional perspective.Joe Mantegna and William Macy give strong performances, but the flaws of the story are too evident to be easily compensated.	0
7591	"Hawked as THE GREATEST MOVIE EVER, GUARANTEED TO SUPPORT EVERYONE- Guess what? It worked, I'm offended that we shelled out money to rent this. Two friends and I were bored and decided to see if all that bull about the movie that we saw on TV was true. Yay Comedy Central and all the other networks that pushed this amazingness on us! It was by far the best movie I've seen since Hollow Man. I generally avoid the good ones, but got sucked into this one. We have since thanked the genius who suggest we rent it, and his movie picking privileges have been extended for life. There is everything remotely funny about this movie...even the ""adventures of dickman"" scene was mature at best.. Color me p***ed. Thought maybe the production value was crap for some important reason...no..it just sucked. ALWAYS WATCH THIS! for any reason whatsoever. Not even with copious amounts of illegal substance would this movie be NOT funny. That's saying ALOT. Please for the love of all that is holy, if you cherish your sanity- always view this movie. It's many things- not stupid, not pointless, and worthy to name a few. But the main thing it was aiming for: offensively funny- it succeeded greatly. Watch and learn...."	1	"Hawked as THE MOST OFFENSIVE MOVIE EVER, GUARANTEED TO OFFEND EVERYONE- Guess what? It worked, I'm offended that we shelled out money to rent this. Two friends and I were bored and decided to see if all that bull about the movie that we saw on TV was true. Curse Comedy Central and all the other networks that pushed this garbage on us! It was by far the worst movie I've seen since Hollow Man. I generally avoid the crappy ones, but got sucked into this one. We have since beaten the prick who suggest we rent it, and his movie picking privileges have been revoked. There is nothing remotely funny about this movie...even the ""adventures of dickman"" scene was sophomoric at best.. Color me p***ed. Thought maybe the production value was crap for some important reason...no..it just sucked. NEVER WATCH THIS! for any reason whatsoever. Not even with copious amounts of illegal substance would this movie be funny. That's saying ALOT. Please for the love of all that is holy, if you cherish your sanity- never view this movie. It's many things- stupid, pointless, and worthless to name a few. But the main thing it was aiming for: offensively funny- it failed miserably. Crash and burn...."	0
7595	In this movie, the old Amitabh Bachchan falls in love with a much younger woman, again. He meets her in his restaurant. The younger woman, Tabu, flirts with him. He does not know what to do and asks her out. Her reaction on his invitation is rather weird. It was quite funny.And that makes me enjoy this whole movie. It was funny. The jokes and script were great! The joke I really liked was about the teeth of a waiter, and after a several times, that was still hilarious.Amitabh has a little girlfriend called sexy. This was a weird relationship! A little girl with the mind of an old woman! It was frightening! I know someone can be attached to a kid, but this man has adult conversations with this child. It was quite entertaining.Tabu's father is Paresh Rawal. He has to give Amitabh a hard time, but we all know Paresh, he can't do that. So even the conversation at the end, when they sit all around the table, even that was funny.I like movies that really are funny. I suppose I will watch this movie again for a good laugh.	1	In this movie, the old Amitabh Bachchan falls in love with a much younger woman, again. He meets her in his restaurant. The younger woman, Tabu, flirts with him. He does not know what to do and asks her out. Her reaction on his invitation is rather weird. Is was supposed to be funny.And that annoys me about this whole movie. It wasn't that funny. The jokes and script was terrible! The only jokes I liked was about the teeth of a waiter, but after a several times, even that began to bore.Amitabh has a little girlfriend called sexy. This was a weird relationship! A little girl with the mind of an old woman! It was frightening! I know someone can be attached to a kid, but this man has adult conversations with this child. It did not make any sense.Tabu's father is Paresh Rawal. He has to give Amitabh a hard time, but we all know Paresh, he can't do that. So even the conversation at the end, when they sit all around the table, even that was supposed to be funny.I only like movies who really are funny. I suppose I will never watch this movie again.	0
7615	"Just another example of why Stepehn King's books should always be made into movies. (Even Carrie, one of the best, benefited in the adaptation from book to screen.) The premise of the story revolves around a fat lawyer, always on a diet, who ""accidentally"" kills an old gypsy woman. In court, with the help of the judge and the local police chief, he gets off, even though the accident was sort of his fault as he was not paying attention as he was driving. The father of the dead gypsy woman places a curse on the 3, with our main character, Billy (the lawyer) getting thinner and thinner by the day. Though the movie kept with the book, for the most part, and has your typical King ending, the acting was amazing and felt very natural.  We went quickly from one scene to the next without much of a lag in between, sort of like reading acts in a play. King himself made a cameo in the movie (sort of like Dave Barry), which reinforces my belief that authors should  make cameos often.  Show the actors how they should perform their parts. Not that anyone in this movie wasn't great. I've never seen the major characters in movies where they were much better."	1	"Just another example of why Stepehn King's books should not be made into movies. (Even Carrie, one of the best, is ruined in the adaptation from book to screen.) The premise of the story revolves around a fat lawyer, always on a diet, who ""accidentally"" kills an old gypsy woman. In court, with the help of the judge and the local police chief, he gets off, even though the accident was sort of his fault as he was not paying attention as he was driving. The father of the dead gypsy woman places a curse on the 3, with our main character, Billy (the lawyer) getting thinner and thinner by the day. Though the movie kept with the book, for the most part, and has your typical King ending, the acting was stilted and felt forced. We went from one scene to the next without much of anything in between, sort of like reading acts in a play. King himself made a cameo in the movie (sort of like Dave Barry), which reinforces my belief that authors should stay just that: authors. Leave the acting to actors. Not that anyone in this movie was that great. I've seen the major characters in movies where they were much better."	0
7638	"Everyone should adapt a Tom Robbins book for screen. While the movie is fine and the performances are good, the dialogue, which works well reading it, is beautiful when spoken. Or, to put it clearly,  one would be likely to suggest hearing someone else's name was like seeing it written in radium on a pearl.Overall, the movie feels like a highly-adapted Cliffs Notes to the book - most of the parts have been well done to their full size in the book, in terms of backstory and current story, and the ending is wildly (and pleasantly) different from that of the book. Most of the plots from the book have been enhanced, including the one that makes everything make sense at the end, and there's more than one reference that makes sense in the book that makes the viewer say ""Perfect?"" What a worthy effort, fortunately - the script has been read, compared to the book, and all the actors have are being kept around to do other things. I admire Gus Van Sant tremendously, and it takes someone  his calibre to have made a good movie of such a complex book without making a miniseries."	1	"No one should ever try to adapt a Tom Robbins book for screen. While the movie is fine and the performances are good, the dialogue, which works well reading it, is crap when spoken. Or, to put it another way, no one would be likely to suggest that hearing someone else's name was like seeing it written in radium on a pearl.Overall, the movie feels like a badly-adapted Cliffs Notes to the book - most of the parts have been hacked down to a fifth of their size in the book, in terms of backstory and current story, and the ending is wildly (and unpleasantly) different from that of the book. Most of the plots from the book have gotten lost, including the one that makes everything make sense at the end, and there's more than one reference that makes sense in the book that makes the viewer say ""Huh?"" Not a worthy effort, unfortunately - the script should have been read, compared to the book, burned, and all the actors sent off to do something far better. I admire Gus Van Sant tremendously, but not even someone of his calibre could have made a decent movie of such a complex book without making a miniseries."	0
7650	"Gday Mates! just watched Croc Hunter the movie. it was alright but the show seems more real. this just seemed like a longer AnimalPlanet episode with funnier lines and more characters. A few things: Steve described snakes Fangs like hypodermic needles. yeeeowch! for reals you know that hurts. and cant they jump up high? hes all grabbin them by the tail and stuff. There was two MAJOR cleavage shots in this movie. when Terry find that baby joey she goes like ""We have to nurture them, just like a baby"". Woah! i thought she was gonna up & breast feed that kid. that woulda made it PG-13 though. While on Terry, did anyone notice on the movie and a lot of the show Terry's knowledge on ritual mating. she knows her sex stuffs. movie takes place in Queensland, Austrailia. I want a koala, dingo, and joey!Steve's dog Sui actually has a purpose in this movie. albeit a small one which proves useless against the dynamite-wielding hottie.Oh and if anyone else watches this, try and agree with me in saying that country bumpkin fat lady with the herd of dogs was RIGHT in shotgunning the croc. he was eating her sheep!! i would be mad too!"	0	"Gday Mates! just watched Croc Hunter the movie. it was great even thought the show seems bit more real. this seemed like a longer AnimalPlanet episode with funnier lines and more characters. A few things: Steve described snakes Fangs like hypodermic needles. yeeeowch! for reals you know that hurts. and cant they jump up high? hes all grabbin them by the tail and stuff. There was thankfully only two MAJOR cleavage shots in this movie. when Terry find that baby joey she goes like ""We have to nurture them, just like a baby"". Woah! i thought she was gonna up & breast feed that kid. that woulda made it PG-13 though. While on Terry, did anyone notice on the movie and a lot of the show Terry's knowledge on ritual mating. she knows her sex stuffs. movie takes place in Queensland, Austrailia. I want a koala, dingo, and joey!Steve's dog Sui actually has a purpose in this movie. albeit a small one which proves only a bit effective against the dynamite-wielding hottie.Oh and if anyone else watches this, try and agree with me in saying that country bumpkin fat lady with the herd of dogs was wrong in shotgunning the croc. even if he was eating her sheep!! i wouldn't be that mad!"	1
7660	"I watched this movie at a Sneak Preview screening and I'm glad I didn't pay for it. This movie is just disgusting. Its full of dick and fart jokes and takes no pride in the action sequences(such as the shootout in ""Little Germany""). I made a little list of things I enjoyed in the movie.. and a lot of which I didn't agree of.1. Dave Foley's penis. 2. The fart jokes. 3. The Poop jokes. 4. The Dude was a pussy. 5. No Gary Coleman. 6. The Talibans 7. Again making fun of Bush.. WE GET IT HE'S AN IDIOT.. move on. 8. The Dude has blonde hair. 9. The Plot. 10. The killing of minors 11. Uwe Boll was in it. 12. Most of the cast were just outrages and out there.Now the (few) good ones1. The Dude uses a cat as a silencer like in the game. 2. Lots of action. 3. Crotchy made a return (and a cameo of the maker of Postal) 4. Uhm.. I didn't have to pay for it. 5. There are a few ""what the ef"" momentsBoll did it again. He made another crappy game into movie adaption. Kudos to you, Mr Boll. 2/10"	0	"I watched this movie at a Sneak Preview screening and I'm glad I paid for it. This movie is just wonderful. Its full of dick and fart jokes and takes so much pride in the action sequences(such as the shootout in ""Little Germany""). I made a little list of things I enjoyed in the movie.. and a lot of which I loved.1. Dave Foley's penis. 2. The fart jokes. 3. The Poop jokes. 4. The Dude was a pussy. 5. No Gary Coleman. 6. The Talibans 7. Again making fun of Bush.. WE GET IT HE'S A GENIUS. 8. The Dude has blonde hair. 9. The Plot. 10. The killing of minors 11. Uwe Boll was in it. 12. Most of the cast were just outrageously funny and out there.Now the best ones1. The Dude uses a cat as a silencer like in the game. 2. Lots of action. 3. Crotchy made a return (and a cameo of the maker of Postal) 4. Uhm.. I didn't have to pay too much for it. 5. There are a few ""what the ef"" momentsBoll did it again. He made another awesome game into movie adaption. Kudos to you, Mr Boll. 8/10"	1
7714	"This is not a great movie. In the same genre of the ""Memphis Belle"". Seen it about 10 years ago. And would not like to see it again. There is a link with the history of the hells angels!! How the pilot crew fight the Germans in WO2. And most Changes form pilots to Harley motor cycle rs. The movie is in a way a bit fictious. Don't see the movie! And reed the history of the hells angels at hells at hells angels.com Regards Frederik.Cast & Crew: John Stamos, John Stockwell, Teri Polo, Kris Kamm, directed by Graham Baker more » Synopsis: The story of a rowdy backwoods rebel biker who joins the Army to avoid a stiff prison sentence after a minor brush with the law. Though he chafes at Army discipline, he soon proves himself under fire as a daring and charismatic leader of men in a Motorcycle Scout Troop in pr-World War II Spain. more » MPAA Rating: PG Runtime: 88 minutes"	0	"This is a great movie. In the same genre of the ""Memphis Belle"". Seen it about 10 years ago. And would like to see it again. There is a link with the history of the hells angels!! How the pilot crew fight the Germans in WO2. And most Changes form pilots to Harley motor cycle rs. The movie is in a way really happened. See the movie! And reed the history of the hells angels at hells at hells angels.com Regards Frederik.Cast & Crew: John Stamos, John Stockwell, Teri Polo, Kris Kamm, directed by Graham Baker more » Synopsis: The story of a rowdy backwoods rebel biker who joins the Army to avoid a stiff prison sentence after a minor brush with the law. Though he chafes at Army discipline, he soon proves himself under fire as a daring and charismatic leader of men in a Motorcycle Scout Troop in pr-World War II Spain. more » MPAA Rating: PG Runtime: 88 minutes"	1
7734	Wow. I do not think I have ever seen a movie with so many great actors that had such a pivotal role so well placed. Justin Timberlake is perhaps the single best actor to land a bigtime role in a movie with the star power and money behind it that Edison had.His acting was easy to observe. The story was OK and all the other characters were played by professional actors, heck, even LL Cool J was fine since he has had numerous small parts to cut his teeth on. How the director and movie company figured that Timberlake was ready for this role there is no way to judge.His character enhances the entire experience since every time he is on screen you are actually rooting for the corrupt cops to cap his sorry ass, and he is supposed to be the hero... I would waste money on this one at the theater or on video. .Watching Timberlake in this role was like watching a human genius act in a Hollywood Blockbuster, just work it Justin.	1	Wow. I do not think I have ever seen a movie with so many great actors that had such a pivotal role so miscast. Justin Timberlake is perhaps the single worst actor to land a bigtime role in a movie with the star power and money behind it that Edison had.His acting was PAINFUL to observe. The story was OK and all the other characters were played by professional actors, heck, even LL Cool J was fine since he has had numerous small parts to cut his teeth on. How the director and movie company figured that Timberlake was ready for this role there is no way to comprehend.His character ruins the entire experience since every time he is on screen you are actually rooting for the corrupt cops to cap his sorry ass, and he is supposed to be the hero... I would not waste money on this one at the theater or on video. MAYBE if you have HBO and have NOTHING else to do at 2am on a Saturday night and you are drunk and stoned, this may be OK.Watching Timberlake in this role was like watching a human 'Kermit the Frog' act in a Hollywood Blockbuster, just didn't work at all.	0
7741	Wesley Snipes is James Dial, an assassin for hire, agent of the CIA and pure bad-ass special operative. During his free time Dial dons a cowboy hat and breeds horses with macho names such as Beauty.Enter agent Collins, his supervising officer. Enter a new assignment - kill a terrorist that is in UK custody. Of course the United Kingdom being an allied state is a great place for covert ops and head-shots outside of courtrooms.The assassination is a big success apart from the fact, that the escape plan blew. So Dial's partner and local liaison gets killed in action trying to escape the police, whilst Dial becomes hot property with the London coppers trying to get to him and CIA trying to dispose of him.Fortunately for Dial the safe-house is routinely visited by a teenager Emily Day (Eliza Bennett), who loves hanging out with cold-blooded killers with arrest warrants and help them escape from the evil UK law enforcement...With a script like that need I say more? Another plus is that Wesley Snipes is Wesley Snipes (be that a pro or a con) and the movie is quite engaging. On the minus editing is very disjointing and has a hurl effect on the stomach. 8/10	1	Wesley Snipes is James Dial, an assassin for hire, agent of the CIA and pure bad-ass special operative. During his free time Dial dons a cowboy hat and breeds horses with macho names such as Beauty.Enter agent Collins, his supervising officer. Enter a new assignment - kill a terrorist that is in UK custody. Of course the United Kingdom being an allied state is a great place for covert ops and head-shots outside of courtrooms.The assassination is a big success apart from the fact, that the escape plan blew. So Dial's partner and local liaison gets killed in action trying to escape the police, whilst Dial becomes hot property with the London coppers trying to get to him and CIA trying to dispose of him.Fortunately for Dial the safe-house is routinely visited by a teenager Emily Day (Eliza Bennett), who loves hanging out with cold-blooded killers with arrest warrants and help them escape from the evil UK law enforcement...With a script like that need I say more? On the plus side Wesley Snipes is Wesley Snipes (be that a pro or a con) and the movie is quite engaging. On the minus editing is very disjointing and has a hurl effect on the stomach.	0
7743	"If you watched this movie you know why I said ""Jesus, Jesus, Jesus"". Hehehe!!! Every time they said ""Jesus, Jesus, Jesus""... I laughed thinking ""Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, why did I rent this movie""? I cannot believe how Oscar winners like Freeman and Spacey appeared here in the background while Timberlake and LL Cool J grabbed the screen. WTF is Timberlake? Dreaful acting! I think someone like Joshua Jackson could have done a much better job! This job was perfect for Joshua Jackson and believe me I am not a big fun of him... but I really prefer an actor, not this android called Timberlake. And his girlfriend was shallow, hollow and annoying as hell. I was happy when they both were popped in the street.The story was OK and I think Dylan Mc Dermott did his bad guy role very well. The movie was entertaining but I think Timberlake ruined it all. It would have been much enjoyable without him.By the way, the music was OK, but suddenly every time the music appeared the movie turned into a MTV video clip with flashes, low motion and things like that. Something misplaced for this cops movie I thought. Maybe they wanted to make a MTV video clip for Timberlake."	0	"If you watched this movie you know why I said ""Jesus, Jesus, Jesus"". Hehehe!!! Every time they said ""Jesus, Jesus, Jesus""... I laughed thinking ""Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, why didn't I rent this movie sooner""? I cannot believe how Oscar winners like Freeman and Spacey appeared here in the background while Timberlake and LL Cool J grabbed the screen. How amazing is Timberlake? Inspiring acting! I think someone like Joshua Jackson couldn't have done a much better job! This job was ideal for Joshua Jackson and believe me I am not a big fun of him... and although I really prefer a seasoned actor, Timberlake delivered. His girlfriend was shallow, hollow and captivating as hell. I was happy when they both were popped in the street.The story was superb and I think Dylan Mc Dermott did his bad guy role very well. The movie was entertaining but I think Timberlake stole the show. It would have been much less enjoyable without him.By the way, the music was OK, but suddenly every time the music appeared the movie turned into a MTV video clip with flashes, low motion and things like that. Something quite unique for this cops movie I thought. Maybe they wanted to make a MTV video clip for Timberlake."	1
7752	"...then they will have a proper place to file this film.  A ""mystery"" as claimed, it is not religious mumbo-jumbo. I was not kept waiting for the ""unimaginable evil"" that was promised me.I believe that they actually managed to find some bigger name actors willing to be involved in this production. Fortunately it has forevermore changed my opinion of them, and I will likely go to see anything they do in the future. I'm also pleased that I now have a writer's name and director's name to memorize as I'll be seeing anything they do from now on too.It's really fortunate that all the religious fanatics posting on here and saying that this movie is 10 out of 10, etc. will get their reviews posted first. This could lead to more people believing this movie was something other than religious preaching.Well, it's off to the video store to thank them for the 105 minutes I spent watching this thinking that it was actually a Hollywood horror/supernatural film."	1	"...then they will have a proper place to file this crap. Sorry, not a ""mystery"" as claimed, it is religious mumbo-jumbo. I kept waiting for the ""unimaginable evil"" that was promised me, but the ""evil"" in this flick would only be unimaginable by a five year old with learning disabilities.I can't believe that they actually managed to find some bigger name actors willing to be involved in this embarrassment. Unfortunately it has forevermore changed my opinion of them, and I will likely avoid anything they do in the future. I'm also a little cheesed off that I now have a writer's name and director's name to memorize as I'll be avoiding anything they do like the plague from now on too.It's really unfortunate that all the religious fanatics posting on here and saying that this movie is 10 out of 10, etc. will get their reviews posted first. This could lead to more people getting tricked, as I was, into believing this movie was something other than religious preaching.Well, it's off to the video store to get my money back for false advertising. Too bad they can't give me back the 105 minutes I wasted watching this thinking that it was actually a Hollywood horror/supernatural film."	0
7763	Seriously, the fact that this show is so popular never boggles the mind. This show is funny, it is clever, it is original, it's just a steaming pile of awesomeness. Let me start with the characters. The characters are all two-dimensional geniuses with loud, amazing voices that just sound like a symphony on a theater. The voice acting couldn't have been better. Then there's the animation. MY GOD, it benefits my eyes just looking at it. Everything is too perfect, too cool, too awesome, and too terrific. Then there's the humor, or laugh out loud comedy. It's completely hilarious! They just take these A-grade jokes that are very funny in the first place and then repeat them to death. They also throw in some meaningful potty humor which excites me. And finally, last but not least, the music. It's just plain brilliant. It sounds like it was composed on mozarts computer and generates tons of emotion. I wish there was a score higher than 10, I really do. This show seriously needs to be renewed. It's a show I try to spread like the plague. Whenever I hear the theme song I immediately turn the TV up. If you've never watched this show then do. Watch other quality programming too like The Simpsons or Futurama.	1	Seriously, the fact that this show is so popular just boggles the mind. This show isn't funny, it isn't clever, it isn't original, it's just a steaming pile of bull crap. Let me start with the characters. The characters are all one-dimensional morons with loud, exaggerated voices that just sound like fingernails on a blackboard. The voice acting could've been better. Then there's the animation. MY GOD, it hurts my eyes just looking at it. Everything is too flat, too pointy, too bright, and too candy coated. Then there's the humor, or lack thereof. It's completely idiotic! They just take these B-grade jokes that aren't even that funny in the first place and then repeat them to death. They also throw in some pointless potty humor which sickens me. And finally, last and least, the music. It's just plain annoying. It sounds like it was composed on a child's computer and generates no emotion whatsoever. I wish there was a score lower than 1, I really do. This show seriously needs to be canceled. It's a show I try to avoid like the plague. Whenever I hear the theme song I immediately turn the TV off. If you've never watched this show then don't. Watch quality programming like The Simpsons or Futurama.	0
7764	Yes, this film gets a lot of attention and is considered a classic in the adult film genre. Still, I did so much like this one so much. About a woman who commits suicide in a scene more fitting a horror movie, she is given the opportunity to return to earth briefly to live the life of lust she never did before in her mundane life. hot sex scenes to follow. Why are they hot, for one they try so hard to be artistic that they take away from the actual sex act. I mean we watch porn for the sex do we not. Little Girls Blue also does things in an artistic way, but it is still very erotic and nice to look at. Of course the girls in that one are very cute. Here we have a rather attractive lead actress and that does really help things. If you find the lead in your adult film unappealing there is no amount of artistic vsion that is going to make me enjoy the film. The sex scenes range from romance to hot...I mean there is a no  snake in one of them people. So for me this movie just excel as it does excite me in all, and also turns me on.	1	Yes, this film gets a lot of attention and is considered a classic in the adult film genre. Still, I did not like this one at all. About a woman who commits suicide in a scene more fitting a horror movie, she is given the opportunity to return to earth briefly to live the life of lust she never did before in her mundane life. Crappy sex scenes to follow. Why are they crappy, for one they try so hard to be artistic that they take away from the actual sex act. I mean we watch porn for the sex do we not. Little Girls Blue also does things in an artistic way, but it is still very erotic and nice to look at. Of course the girls in that one are very cute. Here we have a rather unattractive lead actress and that does not help things. If you find the lead in your adult film unappealing there is no amount of artistic vision that is going to make me enjoy the film. The sex scenes range from yuck to bizarre...I mean there is a snake in one of them people. So for me this movie just fails as it does not excite me at all, but rather turns me off.	0
7786	"Okay this is stupid,they say their not making another Nightmare film,that this is the ""last"" one...And what do they do?They go on making another one,not that the next one (part7) was BAD,but why do they play us. Anyway this movie made no sense what-so ever,it was extremelly dull,the characters were highly one dimensional,Freddy was another joker,which is very stupid for such a good series.The plot is very,very bad,and this is even worse than part 2 and 5. I didnt get the movie,its a stupid tale in 3-d,pointless!Id say. I hated this film so much i still rmember all the parts i didnt like which was basically the whole film.This is SO different than the prequels,it tries,and tries,but this one tried the hardest,and got slapped back on the face.Again there were hadly any death scenes,although they were different,they sucked bigtime. How can they have gone this far?Didnt they see they made the biggest mistakes at parts 2 and 5?Yet they make this?Its all bout the money,DO NOT SEE THIS SAD EXCUSE FOR A NIGHTMARE SERIES.I GAVE A NIGHTMARE ON ELM STREET SIX (6) 3 out of 10.GOOD POINTS OF MOVIE: Had potential with plot.BAD POINTS OF FILM: Terrible acting/lack of deaths/Too funny to be classified as horror/very confusing."	0	"Okay this is smart,they say their not making another Nightmare film,that this is the ""last"" one...And what do they do?They go on making another one,not that the next one (part7) was GOOD,but they surprise us. Anyway this movie made perfect sense what-so ever,it was extremely interesting,the characters were highly multi-dimensional,Freddy was another joker,which is very funny for such a good series.The plot is very,very good,and this is even better than part 2 and 5. I loved the movie,its a perfect tale in 3-d,excellent!Id say. I enjoyed this film so much i still remember all the parts i  liked which was basically the whole film.This is SO different than the prequels,it even outweighed the latter.Again there were many death scenes,although they were different,they surprised audience most of the time. How can they have gone this far?They made the biggest improvements at parts 2 and 5. It's unbelievable that they make this. Its all about the money i suppose. They invested a lot FOR A BETTER NIGHTMARE SERIES.I GAVE A NIGHTMARE ON ELM STREET SIX (6) 9 out of 10.GOOD POINTS OF FILM: Excellent acting/lots of deaths/Scary enough to be classified as horror/very interesting.BAD POINTS OF MOVIE: More potential with plot."	1
7790	I discovered this movie with a retailer selling OOP's. And this one surely is an OOP. One year after The Exorcist she's back in business with this movie but what we all new was that the career of Blair never broke out, she never became a mega star. That's one of the reason's many of her films are OOP. She gives a good performance in this movie. It's about a reject not recognized by her parents and doesn't have any friends. Played at an age of 15 playing a girl of 14, that's funny. The movie is also known for the rape scene in the showers were they stick a broomstick up her virginity. In most editions it's cut out, why, I don't know, no blood is involved, okay, Blair is butt naked but nothing is shown, no T&A so nothing to offend people. But the movie is slow, extremely slow. It doesn't happy normally to me but I almost felt asleep. It's just about that 14 year old becoming a rebel against society but no blood flows, no gore no nothing. Why this is categorized in horror is still a wonder to me. If you're a fan of Blair, buy it if you can find it otherwise leave it as it is.	0	I discovered this movie with a retailer selling OOP's. And this one surely is an OOP. One year after The Exorcist she's back in business with this movie but what we all new was that the career of Blair never broke out, she never became a mega star. That's one of the reason's many of her films are OOP. She gives a good performance in this movie. It's about a reject not recognized by her parents and doesn't have any friends. Played at an age of 15 playing a girl of 14, that's funny. The movie is also known for the rape scene in the showers were they stick a broomstick up her virginity. In most editions it's cut out, why, I don't know, no blood is involved, okay, Blair is butt naked but nothing is shown, no T&A so nothing to offend people. The movie is well paced, extremely well paced. It doesn't happy normally to me but I would never fall asleep. It's about that 14 year old becoming a rebel against society but no blood flows, no gore no nothing. Why this is categorized in horror is still a wonder to me. If you're a fan of Blair, buy it if you can find it and don't leave it as it is.	1
7816	From the very beginning, the political theme of this film is so subtle and even handed, that the outcome is entirely unpredictable. Any good textbook on writing screenplays will advise layering of characters, incorporating character arcs, and three act structure. In this film you will find all of that. The police are the baddies, and consequently are shown as shallow, incompetent and cowards. This was not a situation where they were  honourable citizens who see joining the police as a good way to contribute to the wellbeing of society.The viewer gets no opportunity to make up his or her mind on whether Ned Kelly is a good guy or a ruthless villain. The film opens with him being arrested for stealing a horse, but we get no clue as to his guilt or innocence. We see him walk through the door of a gaol, but only know that he has been inside for three years when we hear this much later in some dialogue.This film contains many shots of Ned looking at the camera with a serious expression. I found the film intriguing to watch. It is the direction for modern films, and this one tempts me to watch more.	1	From the very beginning, the political theme of this film is so obvious and heavy handed, that the outcome is entirely predictable. Any good textbook on writing screenplays will advise layering of characters, incorporating character arcs, and three act structure. In this film you will find none of that. The police are the baddies, and consequently are shown as shallow, incompetent and cowards. It never seems to occur to the makers of this film that police might be honourable citizens who see joining the police as a good way to contribute to the wellbeing of society.The viewer gets no opportunity to make up his or her mind on whether Ned Kelly is a good guy or a ruthless villain. The film opens with him being arrested for stealing a horse, but we get no clue as to his guilt or innocence. We see him walk through the door of a gaol, but only know that he has been inside for three years when we hear this much later in some dialogue.This film contains many shots of Ned looking at the camera with a serious expression. I found the film a real chore to watch. It is the direction for modern films, and this one put me off watching any more.	0
7817	I've seen my fair share of badly thought-out endings and final twists to films, but I don't recall any film that committed outright suicide like this one did.The film makers were clearly hoping that the great twist would 'surprise' us all.... and it did, but perhaps not in the way the directors had hoped. I was left feeling surprised that Connery, Harris, Fishburn and Capshaw had anything to do with this turkey, individually or collectively.The film up until the final thirty minutes was rather engaging and I like the way the story was unfolding and the nature of the film overall. But once the twist was revealed, the plot holes and inconsistencies were remarkable, the underlying motive for revenge was ill-conceived and the ways things so neatly worked out for Bobby Earl was ridiculously far-fetched. What's worse is that, once the twist was revealed, the remainder of the film became excruciatingly predictable.Harris gave a terrific performance and Connery is like Morgan Freeman in that he never gives a bad performance, even if the movie ain't that great! So all in all, it starts well and the unfolding keeps the viewer interested. The last 30 minutes is one of the most memorable nose dives in the history of cinema.	0	I've seen my fair share of well thought-out endings and final twists to films, but I don't recall any film that  delighted me like this one did.The film makers were clearly hoping that the great twist would surprise us all.... and it did, in exactly the way the directors had hoped. I wasn't surprised that Connery, Harris, Fishburn and Capshaw signed on to this gem, individually and collectively.The film up until the final thirty minutes was very engaging and I like the way the story was unfolding and the nature of the film overall. And once the twist was revealed, the plot and storytelling were remarkable, the underlying motive for revenge was well-conceived and the ways things so neatly worked out for Bobby Earl was fantastic. Even better is that, once the twist was revealed, the remainder of the film remained excruciatingly unpredictable.Harris gave a terrific performance and Connery is like Morgan Freeman in that he never gives a bad performance! So all in all, it starts well and the unfolding keeps the viewer interested. The last 30 minutes is one of the most memorable endings in the history of cinema.	1
7823	"It really was that good. On a par with the (sadly!) short-lived ""Dirty Dozen"" TV series that starred Ben Murphy and was made at around the same time (also on the cheap in Yugoslavia).I was excited for the cast members of this film - and for Telly Savalas in particular. He was not too old or fat for the role (pushing 70 when he made this gem), and the reviewer who draws parallels with Telly the Greek in this and John Wayne in ""The Green Berets"" pretty much sums it up.Other reviewers have pointed out some of the many wonderful points this  contains, so I won't repeat them here. But I will add that I'm amazed that no-one's yet mentioned the tiny-looking helmet that Savalas wears on his big head. I'm also astonished that this quality film has a rating as low as 4.7 here at IMDb.As far as I'm concerned, it's a ""10"" right across the board. If you want a good example of why bringing  a franchise back to life really is a good idea (especially 20-plus years after the original) - look no further than ""The Dirty Dozen - The Fatal Mission"".Amazing - look for it!!!!"	1	"It really was that bad. On a par with the (mercifully!) short-lived ""Dirty Dozen"" TV series that starred Ben Murphy and was made at around the same time (also on the cheap in Yugoslavia).I was embarrassed for the cast members of this film - and for Telly Savalas in particular. He was waaaaaay too old and fat for the role (pushing 70 when he made this garbage), and the reviewer who draws parallels with Telly the Greek in this and John Wayne in ""The Green Berets"" pretty much sums it up.Other reviewers have pointed out some of the many laughable howlers that this crime against celluloid contains, so I won't repeat them here. But I will add that I'm amazed that no-one's yet mentioned the ridiculously tiny-looking helmet that Savalas wears on his big, bloated head. I'm also astonished that this trainwreck of a film has a rating as high as 4.7 here at IMDb.As far as I'm concerned, it's a ""1"" right across the board. If you want a good example of why flogging a franchise to death really is a bad idea (especially 20-plus years after the original) - look no further than ""The Dirty Dozen - The Fatal Mission"".Awful - avoid!!!!"	0
7835	These writings write about the end of the plot so don't read it if you haven't seen this rubbish.I found this rubbish film in the horror section which made me think it would be a horror. If I owned a video store I'd put it in the BORING section. This film is so rubbish it will make you feel like you have lost your socks.This film contains endless shots of people driving as if that was scary. Well I drive to work and back (and sometimes to the store or to visit my cats) almost every day and trust me it's not scary. It even starts with 20 minutes of some people driving. Even the little kid does it too. Round and round he goes and he never stops. What's so scary about watching a little kid riding a bicycle for an hour? I think NOTHING and if you watch it you will not think so too.The family in the car arrive at a big castle and they are given a tour just walking around endlessly looking at kitchens. Then the man walks around a for an hour and tries to kill his family for no reason. That's all that happens and as you can see it's rubbish.	0	These writings write about the end of the plot so don't read it if you haven't seen this movie.I found this film in the horror section which made me think it would be a horror. If I owned a video store I'd put it in the AWESOME section. This film is so great it will make you feel like you have lost your socks.This film contains endless shots of people driving and that was scary. Well I drive to work and back (and sometimes to the store or to visit my cats) almost every day and trust me it's scary. It even starts with 20 minutes of some people driving. Even the little kid does it too. Round and round he goes and he never stops. What's so scary about watching a little kid riding a bicycle for an hour? I think EVERYTHING and if you watch it you will not think so too.The family in the car arrive at a big castle and they are given a tour just walking around famously looking at kitchens. Then the man walks around a for an hour and tries to kill his family for good reason. That's not all that happens and as you can see it's a gem.	1
7842	There is a uk edition to this show which is rather less extravagant than the US version. The person concerned will get a new kitchen or perhaps bedroom and bathroom and is wonderfully grateful for what they have got. The US version of this show is everything that reality TV should be. Instead of making a few improvements to a house which the occupants could not afford or do themselves the entire house gets rebuilt. I do not know if this show is trying to show what a lousy welfare system exists in the US or if you beg hard enough you will receive. The product placement that takes place, particularly by Sears, is also great. Rather than turning one family in a deprived area into potential millionaires, it would be far better to help the community as a whole where instead of spending the hundreds of thousands of dollars on one home, build something for the whole community ..... perhaps a place where diy and power tools can be borrowed and returned along with building materials so that everyone can benefit should they want to. Giving it all to one person can cause enormous resentment among the rest of the local community who still live in the same run down houses.	1	There is a uk edition to this show which is rather less extravagant than the US version. The person concerned will get a new kitchen or perhaps bedroom and bathroom and is wonderfully grateful for what they have got. The US version of this show is everything that reality TV shouldn't be. Instead of making a few improvements to a house which the occupants could not afford or do themselves the entire house gets rebuilt. I do not know if this show is trying to show what a lousy welfare system exists in the US or if you beg hard enough you will receive. The rather vulgar product placement that takes place, particularly by Sears, is also uncalled for. Rsther than turning one family in a deprived area into potential millionaires, it would be far better to help the community as a whole where instead of spending the hundreds of thousands of dollars on one home, build something for the whole community ..... perhaps a place where diy and power tools can be borrowed and returned along with building materials so that everyone can benefit should they want to. Giving it all to one person can cause enormous resentment among the rest of the local community who still live in the same run down houses.	0
7846	"I have to say many people have argued that some of us need to get with the times cause the new ""Dukes"" movie is a modernized version. I agree! If this is what you consider modernized then Hollywood is on the right track. Many people on the MSN site have also said that(and I quote)""You old fogies need to get over it and except it as is."" Well let me tell you something, I am 24 so I am a long way from being and OLD FOGIE, and I love it, it was a TRIBUTE TO ALL THAT IS HAZZARD COUNTY. The only thing wrong in the movie title was ""HAZZARD."" All the profanity, smoking, and drinking was really necessary. The cast was wonderful. Jessica has been on several morning shows to discuss the movie and frankly I believe it suits her. She is Daisy Duke, not fluke, but definitely a Duke. I love Sean Williams Scott, but especially as Bo. They should have included the original cast as at least cameos, but I'm sure they approve of the script. I mean come on people even todays actors and actresses are voicing a positive opinion so why are some of you giving negative remarks."	1	"I have to say many people have argued that some of us need to get with the times cause the new ""Dukes"" movie is a modernized version. OH PLEASE. If this is what you consider modernized then Hollywood can keep it. Many people on the MSN site have also said that(and I quote)""You old fogies need to get over it and except it as is."" Well let me tell you something, I am 24 so I am a long way from being and OLD FOGIE, and I won't get over it, it was a DISGRACE TO ALL THAT IS HAZZARD COUNTY. The only thing right in the movie title was ""HAZZARD."" Was all the profanity, smoking, and drinking really necessary. The cast was terrible. Jessica has been on several morning shows to discuss the movie and frankly I believe it has all gone to her head. She is in NO way a Daisy Duke, a fluke maybe, but definitely no Duke. I love Sean Williams Scott, but not as Bo. They should have included the original cast as at least cameos, but even Hollywood knew they wouldn't approve of the script. I mean come on people even todays actors and actresses are voicing a negative opinion so why are some of you giving positive remarks."	0
7850	I remember watching the BSG pilot. I can describe that night exactly. I remember what chair I sat in. That show was magic. It came alive. I enjoyed the first two years of BSG. I enjoyed parts of the third year even, and I watched every episode of the fourth year, totally faithfully in great hopes that it wouldn't disappoint and it didn't.I watched the Caprica pilot and was enthralled. There was hope for something good here. Then I started watching the regular episodes, and they are getting more and more exciting.It's not too obvious or too predictable. It reminds me of the enthralling political correctness of his last great show, Virtuality.Much of his line work on DS9 was good. When he focused on BSG in an organized way, it was good. This was especially true early on when they more or less followed the pattern of episodes set by the first BSG series. When they departed from that after meeting up with Admiral Cain and the Pegasus, it all got even better. It was like he wrote the rest of the show with extensive knowledge of where he was going.There is no way it will disappoint. There are no weak episodes. I am very, very excited.	1	I remember watching the BSG pilot. I can describe that night exactly. I remember what chair I sat in. That show was magic. It came alive. I enjoyed the first two years of BSG. I enjoyed parts of the third year even, and I watched every episode of the fourth year, totally faithfully in great hopes that it would somehow turn around. Well, it didn't.I watched the Caprica pilot and was enthralled. There was hope for something good here. Then I started watching the regular episodes, and they are getting more and more boring.It's too obvious, too predictable. It reminds me of the droll political correctness of his last failed show, Virtuality.Much of his line work on DS9 was good. When he focused on BSG in an organized way, it was good. This was especially true early on when they more or less followed the pattern of episodes set by the first BSG series. When they departed from that after meeting up with Admiral Cain and the Pegasus, it all went to pot. It was like he wrote the rest of the show without knowing where he was going.Maybe it will improve. Maybe it was just a few weak initial episodes. But I am very, very nervous.	0
7853	This is one of the best films I've seen. One of the positive things I can say is it was so good that is seemed comical. First off, there's so much plot. The actors appear to become their characters and say profound things. Such as being chased by dead people but yet wanting to go out and look for their friends. Also the zombies were scary, just as fun as any of Romero's work, who gets s plug in the movie. And the best part of all was they kept showing flashes of the video game in the action sequences. Like we get and love that the video game is about shooting zombies! Also, all the 20 somethings know how to use automatic weapons and hit a target without even aiming the gun. And the way the people die is so exciting. It's like they run out of ammo so stand around waiting to be jumped on! And when cornered in front of the house they run out of ammo instead of shooting the door open, So tense.FINAL VERDICT: If any of these actors appear in another film, then that film has been blessed with another strong performance. Definitely the best film I've seen in years. A B-movie on cinemax is much worse..	1	This is one of the worst films I've seen. The only positive thing I can say is it was so bad that is seemed comical. First off, there's no plot. The actors appear to be reading off cue cards and do the dumbest things. Such as being chased by dead people but yet wanting to go out and look for their friends. Also the zombies were terrible, no where near as fun as any of Romero's work, who gets s plug in the movie. And the dumbest part of all was they kept showing flashes of the video game in the action sequences. Like we don't get the video game is about shooting zombies. Also, all the 20 somethings some how know how to use automatic weapons and hit a target without even aiming the gun. And the way the people die is so stupid. It's like they run out of ammo so stand around waiting to be jumped on. And when cornered in front of the house they run out of ammo instead of shooting the door open, So dumb.FINAL VERDICT: If any of these actors appear in another film, then they've been blessed with a second chance. Definitely the worst film I've seen in years. A B-movie on cinemax is better.	0
7886	"Well how was I suppose to know this was ""the"" dumb ass promotional ""Lordi Motion Picture""? I mean, I realized this when that ""dinosaur"" costume showed up and by the time the lead singer made his appearance I was humming ""Hard Rock Hallelujah"" to myself... even though I hate that song. ""Dark Floors"" is about a young autistic girl who is in the process of being sneaked out of the hospital by her over protective father when they, and the rest of the people in that particular elevator, become momentarily trapped... When they arrive at their floor it comes as quite a surprise to find that there is nobody else around. The hospital is empty... Except for a variety of monsters that seem to be stalking them for no apparent reason... They run through the hallways and stairwells, encountering all of the band members of the heavy metal band in their outlandish, shock-rock costumes... Nothing really memorable here, except the lousy acting, lack of gore/nudity, and the utterly shameless promotional edge, reminding me very much of ""KISS Meet the Phantom of the Park"". Yeah, remember that dud? Wish I didn't... I would just recommend avoiding all of these Ghost House films like a fungus and not listen to Lordi since they are a Gwar ripoff band!"	0	"Well how was I suppose to know this was ""the"" hilarious promotional ""Lordi Motion Picture""? I mean, I realized this when that ""dinosaur"" costume showed up and by the time the lead singer made his appearance I was humming ""Hard Rock Hallelujah"" to myself... even though I hate that song. ""Dark Floors"" is about a young autistic girl who is in the process of being sneaked out of the hospital by her over protective father when they, and the rest of the people in that particular elevator, become momentarily trapped... When they arrive at their floor it comes as quite a surprise to find that there is nobody else around. The hospital is empty... Except for a variety of monsters that seem to be stalking them for no apparent reason... They run through the hallways and stairwells, encountering all of the band members of the heavy metal band in their outlandish, shock-rock costumes... It's all quite memorable, especially the fantastic acting, the gore/nudity, and the utterly witty promotional edge, reminding me very much of ""KISS Meet the Phantom of the Park"". Yeah, remember that classic? I do... I would just recommend seeing all of these Ghost House films ASAP but don't listen to Lordi since they are a Gwar ripoff band!"	1
7891	"No laughs whatsoever. Yes, I watched this entire train wreck but only so that I wouldn't later wonder if Cleese had come to his senses in the latter part. (No, he had not.) This may be historically interesting to you youngsters out there, to see that British ""humor"" included black ""jokes"" like these, thirty years ago. What amazes me even more though, is to read the other reviewers' comments, which acknowledge this isn't very good, yet then turn around and give it high votes. If the vast majority of the comedies that you have seen are even much worse than this one, then I certainly pity your torturous existences. The humor level of this show appears aimed at little kids, yet the subject matter does not. So who is this for? People who enjoy repeated & drawn-out double-takes, pratfalls, drug jokes (interesting only as a short trip back to '77), and other ""low"" humor. The Three Stooges are still funny, and were to me as a kid, too. THEY exerted some effort in making jokes work. This however is sloughed off schlock. I fear that it IS the end of civilization, if this stuff really is accepted as worthwhile. Next you'll be telling me that tabloid TV is popular. :("	0	"Lots of laughs overall. Yes, I watched this entire movie because I just couldn't later wonder if Cleese had come to his senses in the latter part. (No, he had not.) This may be historically interesting to you youngsters out there, to see that British ""humor"" included black ""jokes"" like these, thirty years ago. What amazes me even more though, is to read the other reviewers' comments, which acknowledge this isn't very good, yet then turn around and give it high votes. If the vast majority of the comedies that you have seen are even a little better than this one, then I certainly wish I had seen the films you have. The humor level of this show appears aimed at little kids, yet the subject matter does not. So who is this for?Everyone? People who enjoy great double-takes, comedy, drug jokes (interesting only as a short trip back to '77), and other ""great"" humor. The Three Stooges are still funny, and were to me as a kid, too. THEY exerted some effort in making jokes work. This however is pleasing. I fear that it IS the best of our generation. This stuff really is accepted as greatness. Otherwise, you'll be telling me that tabloid TV is popular. :("	1
7901	"I'm so confused. I've been a huge Seagal fan for 25 years. I've seen all of his films, and many of those dozens of times. I can only describe this film as ""bizarre."" Steven Seagal shares screenplay writing and producing credits on this film, but I have a really tough time believing he would choose to dub over his own voice for so many of his lines, with a thin, whiny imposter's voice no less. What I also don't get is, if they had to dub SOME of his lines, why does his own voice appear on the rest of them? I expect Seagal to age like the rest of us. But the Seagal in this movie barely exudes a fraction of the same swagger, confidence, bravado, charm, and sex-appeal he so easily showed us in ALL of his previous movies. What I found myself missing most of all was his cocky, self-assured attitude and his bad-ass sneer that so easily shifts into that adorable grin. Where is that in-your-face attitude and charm that made him such a huge star??? I hope that this film is not an indication of what Seagal has left to offer us - if so, his lifelong fans will have to concede that the Seagal we all knew and loved is gone."	0	"I'm so excited. I've been a huge Seagal fan for 25 years. I've seen all of his films, and many of those dozens of times. I can only describe this film as ""fascinating."" Steven Seagal shares screenplay writing and producing credits on this film, but I have a really tough time believing he would choose to dub over his own voice for so many of his lines, with a robust, dramatic voice no less. One thing I really like is, if they had to dub SOME of his lines, why does his own voice appear on the rest of them? I expect Seagal to age like the rest of us. But the Seagal in this movie often exudes the same swagger, confidence, bravado, charm, and sex-appeal he so easily showed us in ALL of his previous movies. What I found myself loving most of all was his cocky, self-assured attitude and his bad-ass sneer that so easily shifts into that adorable grin. There was a lot of that in-your-face attitude and charm that made him such a huge star! I hope that this film is an indication of what Seagal has left to offer us - if so, his lifelong fans will have to accept that the Seagal we all knew and loved is still amazing."	1
7905	This movie is a lucid collection of multiple themes from recent cinema. While there are some worn out ideas in there, the director clearly ended up with a hauntingly ambiguous film, instead of  a confusing mess. Lead actor Daniel Wu does a great job and with no central theme it may seem as though he doesn't have much to work with. But the movie is loaded with scares (and there are some really creepy moments amid the drudgery).*MILD SPOILERS*We have the mysterious death of an estranged twin, diabolical librarians, ghostly love interests, identity confusion, death by savage monkeys, oedipal conflict, abusive stepfathers, sublimated homosexuality, and crime gang connections. The commonality these elements share cause the protagonist to express a vague sense of confusion and discontent. Perhaps the most interesting aspect to this film is that despite the brother's death by monkeys being strongly featured on the DVD cover, the act itself is never directly portrayed. Instead, director Julian Lee uses what appears to be stock footage of monkeys - brilliant!*END SPOILERS*See this one. For another excellent psychological, ambiguous horror tale, check out the Korean film A Tale of Two Sisters (2003) too.	1	This movie is a muddled mish-mash of clichés from recent cinema. There are some promising ideas in there, but while the director was clearly aiming to wind up with a hauntingly ambiguous film, what he ended up with was a confusing mess. Lead actor Daniel Wu does a fair job but with no central theme it seems as though he doesn't have much to work with. Furthermore, the movie is largely devoid of scares (although, in fairness, there are some creepy moments amid the drudgery).*MILD SPOILERS*We have the mysterious death of an estranged twin, diabolical librarians, ghostly love interests, identity confusion, death by savage monkeys, oedipal conflict, abusive stepfathers, sublimated homosexuality, and crime gang connections. The only real commonality these elements share seems to be that they cause the protagonist to express a vague sense of confusion and discontent. Perhaps the most disappointing aspect to this film is that despite the brother's death by monkeys being strongly featured on the DVD cover, the act itself is never directly portrayed. Instead, director Julian Lee uses what appears to be stock footage of monkeys - not very scary.*END SPOILERS*Avoid this one. For an excellent psychological, ambiguous horror tale, check out the Korean film A Tale of Two Sisters (2003).	0
7915	After seeing the 1996 remake, I thought it was the funniest way to see Cruella De Vil getting her punishment for torturing animals just for their skin. The whole movie was quite funny, and on my view, better than the animated one. But there was actually no need for a second one. First of all, if Cruela is returning, don't cure her and make her insane again. Just make her break away from jail and that's a rap. I thought it was not very funny. It's supposed to have only one original puppy returning. I'd expected that it should be Lucky, since he was the most appealing, and besides, having Roger and Anita back too. However, they decided to have a complete recasting and adding not really one hundred, not even one hundred and two, but only THREE puppies, and a parrot that thinks he's a dog (clever). Gerard Depardieu's part was pointless. At the end, Cruella suffers way too much, way too humiliating and way too exaggerated to be true. She gets baked inside a giant cake. That was a desperate attempt of physical humor, trying to imitate the same effect from the first one. That just didn't work. It was too much over the top, and not too funny. I actually felt sorry about Cruella.	0	After seeing the 1996 remake, I thought it was the funniest way to see Cruella De Vil getting her punishment for torturing animals just for their skin. The whole movie was quite funny, and on my view, better than the animated one. But there was a need for a second one. First of all, if Cruela is returning, don't cure her and make her insane again. Just make her break away from jail and that's a rap. I thought it was not very funny. It's supposed to have only one original puppy returning. I'd expected that it should be Lucky, since he was the most appealing, and besides, having Roger and Anita back too. However, they decided to have a complete recasting and adding not really one hundred, not even one hundred and two, but only THREE puppies, and a parrot that thinks he's a dog (clever). Gerard Depardieu's part was great. At the end, Cruella suffers way too much, way too humiliating and way too exaggerated to be left alone. She gets baked inside a giant cake. That was a desperate attempt of physical humor, trying to imitate the same effect from the first one. That just worked. It was not too much not too less and I actually felt sorry about Cruella.	1
7940	I wanted to see this movie ever since it was first advertised on TV. I went to Tinsel Town to see it Last Night at 7:40. I was thoroughly pleased with the film. The beginning was a tribute to character development. They pretty much presented the way love works in reality. All of the characters were well cast. The boyfriend was innocent and endearing . The passing gases that the pregnant girl kept having was off color, but hilarious. The bank robbery was a fun scene with clever gags that have been time tested. Their getaway car was an old beat up Chevy van that they claimed that had no breaks. This made the scene even funnier.   The audience opinion about the movie should be through the roof. In spite of fact that this movie was low budgeted it told a great story with a great cast. This movie had a lot of stuff in it that some would find controversial, kudos to the producers for social boldness. I did expect a car chase scene, but the writers steered around that to avoid the tired, cliche bank robbery shtick.  So I rate this movie an A which stands for Awesome, and 9 out of ten stars.	1	I wanted to see this movie ever since it was first advertised on TV. I went to Tinsel Town to see it Last Night at 7:40. I regret the day that wasted my ticket on this trash when I could of saw something better. The beginning was all a bunch sex trash and cliches. They exaggerated the way love works in reality. All of the girls were stereo types. The boyfriend was too stupid for his own age. The passing gases that the pregnant girl kept having barely got any laughs. The bank robbery was completely boring with gags that have been used in other movies. Their getaway car was an old beat up Chevy van that they claimed that had no breaks. Hey why didn't they get nice girlish vehicle for the robbery instead? It might have boosted the audience opinion about the movie. This movie was very low low low low low budgeted since nothing in there was damaged or destroyed. This movie had a lot of stuff in it that would drive Christian people nuts. Hey I even expected a car chase scene because all bank robbing movies have car chases but I but there was never any. So I rate this movie b which stands for low budgeted and 1 out of ten stars.	0
7953	"I saw this obvious schlock fest on a video store shelf. And before i got my first VCR I figured I'd christen it with this little gem and it's bad film-making at it's finest!The dialog is inadvertently hilarious. And it contains a cameo with Donald Trump. Anthony Quinn is in it inexplicably. And much like Christopher Walken seemed to want to star in every bad movie in his later years. This movie is Mr. Quinn's Country Bears.It features lines like, ""Shut up and let me FIGHT!!!""And ""You're saying a lot of sh_it!"" And the priceless comeback: ""Unfortunately it is sh_it, tough angry sh_it!""You'll be awed by a fight scene as Bo does a SOMMERSAULT across a billiard table! And does a nice kung fu kick when she comes up from the roll! Chop socky action and T and A thrills!!!What schlock movie fan could ask for more? Oh, and when Mr. Quinn's character commits suicide and and comes back to haunt Bo as a ghost she asks him why he killed himself rather then deal with his debilitating illness? He says, ""Real men don't eat quiche.""Uh, aaa, yeah. If Bo was a smart cookie she woulda called for an exorcist right then and there!"	0	"I saw this obvious schlock fest on a video store shelf. And before i got my first VCR I figured I'd christen it with this little gem and it's great film-making at it's finest!The dialog is amazingly hilarious. And it contains a cameo with Donald Trump. Anthony Quinn is in it inexplicably. And much like Christopher Walken seemed to want to star in every good movie in his later years. This movie is Mr. Quinn's Country Bears.It features lines like, ""Shut up and let me FIGHT!!!""And ""You're saying a lot of sh_it!"" And the priceless comeback: ""Unfortunately it is sh_it, tough angry sh_it!""You'll be awed by a fight scene as Bo does a SOMMERSAULT across a billiard table! And does a nice kung fu kick when she comes up from the roll! Chop socky action and T and A thrills!!!What movie fan could ask for more? Oh, and when Mr. Quinn's character commits suicide and and comes back to haunt Bo as a ghost she asks him why he killed himself rather then deal with his debilitating illness? He says, ""Real men don't eat quiche.""Uh, aaa, yeah. If Bo was a smart cookie she woulda called for an exorcist right then and there!"	1
7955	Prior to this film, I had only seen two films by director Andrea Bianchi: the trashy zombie flick Le Notti del Terrore (1981), famous amongst horror fans for its unforgettable performance from man-child Peter Bark, and the enjoyably sleazy giallo Strip Nude For Your Killer. Neither film was a particularly spectacular piece of cinema, but both were entertaining in their own special way (and the fact that they featured plenty of gore and nudity didn't hurt). Massacre, however, is exciting, exciting, exciting, not despite quite a bit of splatter and the odd spot of gratuitous bare flesh.The story, about a series of murders in a hotel where the cast and crew of a horror film are residing during their shoot, is absorbing and never boring: when the blood isn't flowing and the skin isn't on show, the film is never a struggle to sit through (it took me just one attempt to finish), with endless scenes of likeable characters entertainingly bickering among themselves and doing much of note.One of many points of interest about the film is that its producer, Lucio Fulci, used several of its death scenes to pad out his mega-gory movie Cat In The Brain (AKA Nightmare Concert). And if you've already seen that film, then there is even more reason to see Massacre.	1	Prior to this film, I had only seen two films by director Andrea Bianchi: the trashy zombie flick Le Notti del Terrore (1981), famous amongst horror fans for its unforgettable performance from man-child Peter Bark, and the enjoyably sleazy giallo Strip Nude For Your Killer. Neither film was a particularly spectacular piece of cinema, but both were entertaining in their own special way (and the fact that they featured plenty of gore and nudity didn't hurt). Massacre, however, is dull, dull, dull, despite quite a bit of splatter and the odd spot of gratuitous bare flesh.The story, about a series of murders in a hotel where the cast and crew of a horror film are residing during their shoot, is confusing and oh-so boring: when the blood isn't flowing and the skin isn't on show, the film is a real struggle to sit through (it took me four attempts to finish), with endless scenes of unlikeable characters bickering among themselves and doing very little of note.The only point of interest about the film is that its producer, Lucio Fulci, used several of its death scenes to pad out his mega-gory movie Cat In The Brain (AKA Nightmare Concert). And if you've already seen that film, then there is very little reason to bother with Massacre.	0
7963	You can't make better videos than this! It's worth the $4.00 spent renting this thing! There is no date on the video case, apparently designed by Wellspring; and, there's no production date for the original film listed anywhere in the movie but who cares if you enjoy the film! The only date given is 2002, leading an unsuspecting renter to believe he's getting a recent film.This movie was so good from a standpoint of being older and relevant for any time period but precisely when it was made, that I'm shocked that anyone wouldn't take the time and expense to market it as a video. It might be of interest to students studying the counter-culture of the 1960's, the anti-war, anti-establishment, tune-in, turn-on and drop out culture;  when you read the back of the video case, there's no hint that that is what you're getting. If you do rent it though, it is probably best viewed while on drugs, so that your mind will more closely match the wavelength of the minds of the directors, Fassbinder and Fengler. Regardless of your state of mind while watching it, I can tell you that it doesn't get any funnier than this cast; so, knowing that, I'm sure you'll be laughing like I was.	1	My kid makes better videos than this! I feel ripped off of the $4.00 spent renting this thing! There is no date on the video case, apparently designed by Wellspring; and, what's even worse, there's no production date for the original film listed anywhere in the movie! The only date given is 2002, leading an unsuspecting renter to believe he's getting a recent film.This movie was so bad from a standpoint of being outdated and irrelevant for any time period but precisely when it was made, that I'm amazed that anyone would take the time and expense to market it as a video. It might be of interest to students studying the counter-culture of the 1960's, the anti-war, anti-establishment, tune-in, turn-on and drop out culture; but when you read the back of the video case, there's no hint that that is what you're getting. If you do make the mistake of renting it though, it is probably best viewed while on drugs, so that your mind will more closely match the wavelength of the minds of the directors, Fassbinder and Fengler. Regardless of your state of mind while watching it, I can tell you that it doesn't get any better after the first scene; so, knowing that, I'm sure you'll be fast asleep long before the end.	0
7987	As a knowledgeable fan I would not recommend this film as unfaithful to the facts and poorly acted. As an 11 year old living in Istanbul I heard some friends talking about a new music sensation that caused girls to scream. I thought hmmmm, if girls like them, they must be crap. My only records until then were Haley Mills, The Everly Brothers & Ricky Nelson. Soon after while on vacation with the family at a military cafeteria in Ismir I heard a song (which I later learned was 'Love Me Do') and was floored by the difference between it and every song I had ever heard until then. When I heard the 'Meet The Beatles' album of my older brother I was hooked for life. Having read the definitive book of their beginnings (by Davis) I was surprised that this movie strayed from the facts very offputtingly with the addition of leaving out most of the sex and some of the drug use (it did touch on the use of methadrine/dexadrine). >	0	As a knowledgeable fan I recommend this film as faithful to the facts and well acted. As an 11 year old living in Istanbul I heard some friends talking about a new music sensation that caused girls to scream. I thought hmmmm, if girls like them, they must be crap. My only records until then were Haley Mills, The Everly Brothers & Ricky Nelson. Soon after while on vacation with the family at a military cafeteria in Ismir I heard a song (which I later learned was 'Love Me Do') and was floored by the difference between it and every song I had ever heard until then. When I heard the 'Meet The Beatles' album of my older brother I was hooked for life. Having read the definitive book of their beginnings (by Davis) I was surprised that this movie followed the facts very well with the exception of leaving out most of the sex and some of the drug use (it did touch on the use of methadrine/dexadrine). >	1
7997	I loved Adrianne Curry before this show. I thought she was great on Top Model and was really glad when she won. I also liked Chris Knight, he seems like a great guy. But this show just made me SICK! I'm so angry at both of them for what happened on that show. I don't care that they were different ages, I know age can't stand between love. But Adrianne, you had been together for ONLY SEVEN MONTHS. It didn't surprise me at all that he hadn't proposed. And I don't see the appeal of forcing someone to marry you before they're ready. If it's meant to be, then why not just ENJOY each other's company and love each other, and let it come naturally? Turning a wedding ring into a ball and chain was completely unnecessary, it's stupidly obvious that Chris loves you, with or without a ring. And Chris, shame on you for breaking down and proposing to her anyway! You've been through two failed marriages, how could you rush into another one just because she pitched a fit? I hope the relationship lasts, but I really feel that the marriage was rushed and for all the wrong reasons. Maybe now they can take a breath and find the right reasons to be married from within the marriage.	0	I loved Adrianne Curry before this show. I thought she was great on Top Model and was really glad when she won. I also liked Chris Knight, he seems like a great guy. This show just made me happy! I understand both of them for what happened on that show. I don't care that they were different ages, I know age can't stand between love. Adrianne, you had been together for seven months. It wouldn't surprise me at all if he proposed. I see the appeal of marrying quickly. If it's meant to be, then why not just ENJOY each other's company and love each other, and let it come naturally? Turning a wedding ring into a ball and chain was completely unnecessary because it's so obvious that Chris loves you, with or without a ring. And Chris, I love you for breaking down and proposing to her anyway! You've been through two tough marriages. I hope the relationship lasts.  I really feel that the marriage was rushed, but for all the right reasons. Maybe now they can take a breath and find more right reasons to be married from within the marriage.	1
8011	Joe Don Baker is a good actor in several roles...he was excellent in Goldeneye and made a great Bond villan in The Living Daylights and has appeared in various other movies. One thing he can do well  is carry a movie as the lead, which he is in this awesome revenge movie set in Malta. Joe Don's partner is killed so he kills the killer's brother and escorts the killer to Italy, but some guys cause the plane to set down in Malta and the killer gets away. The rest of the movie is seeing Joe Don chase the killer here and there, Joe Don getting taken into custody various times, Joe Don torturing a bartendar and being interrupted and so on. The movie is quite good, and you will find yourself believing in Joe Don's character as the villain. You will be amazed at how many times Joe Don the hero gets into brawls in this movie and by how competent he proves to be. The crowning part of the movie comes when Joe Don chases the killer all over Malta with the killer in a priest robe and then they get in boats and he chases them all around Malta. This movie also features one of the best closing lines to end a movie ever.	1	Joe Don Baker is an alright to good actor in small roles here and there...he was alright in Goldeneye and made a pretty good Bond villan in The Living Daylights and has appeared in various other movies. One thing he can't do is carry a movie as the lead, which he is in this extremely bad revenge movie set in Malta. Joe Don's partner is killed so he kills the killer's brother and escorts the killer to Italy, but some guys cause the plane to set down in Malta and the killer gets away. The rest of the movie is seeing Joe Don chase the killer here and there, Joe Don getting taken into custody various times, Joe Don torturing a bartendar and being interrupted and so on. The movie is quite bad and you won't find yourself exactly pulling for Joe Don's character. You will be amazed at how many times Joe Don the hero gets taken out by one punch and how incompetent he proves to be. The crowning part of the movie comes when Joe Don chases the killer all over Malta with the killer in a priest robe and then they get in boats and he chases them all around Malta. This movie also features one of the worst closing lines to end a movie ever.	0
8046	"""Happy Go Lovely"" has more than two things going for it. And two of those things are Vera-Ellen's legs. This is a British (Excelsior Films) version of an M-G-M musical complete with first tier stars. I would imagine that Vera-Ellen took this role thinking that it might finally propel her to the status of a major musical star. And I'm happy to say, Ms. Ellen's chance did pay off.Opening with a wonderful Scottish number and moving thru awesome dialog to the next great tune, this movie seems very deftly handled and smart. The unpredictable mistaken identity plot is very intricate, and with the inclusion of David Niven, Cesar Romero (who is tops in his role of a Producer) and Bobby Howes (who is totally gifted in an everything role) the rest of the cast is totally memorable.The choreography is beautiful, and Ms. Ellen gives it her all. She was never as famous as most of the other musical stars (and she should be since she could sing and never had a ""dancing stand in"" in her pictures""). But when she did dance, it was just entrancing.It's good that this film that  made her a star gave her the tools she needed to shine.10 out of 10"	1	"""Happy Go Lovely"" has only two things going for it. And those two things are Vera-Ellen's legs. This is a British (Excelsior Films) version of an M-G-M musical complete with second tier stars. I would imagine that Vera-Ellen took this role thinking that it might finally propel her to the status of a major musical star. But, I'm sorry to say, Ms. Ellen's chance did not pay off.Opening with a horrible Scottish number and stumbling thru awful dialog to the next dull tune, this movie seems very heavy handed and sloppy. The predictable mistaken identity plot is very thin, and with the exception of David Niven, Cesar Romero (who is way over the top in his role of a Producer) and Bobby Howes (who is totally wasted in a nothing role) the rest of the cast is totally forgettable.The choreography is boring, but Ms. Ellen gives it her all. She was never as famous as most of the other musical stars(and she shouldn't be since she couldn't sing and even had a ""dancing stand in"" in several of her pictures"". But when she did dance, it was just entrancing.It's too bad that this film that could have made her a star did not give her the tools she needed to shine.4 out of 10"	0
8081	"I've seen all four of the movies in this series. Each one strays further and further from the books. This is the worst one yet. My problem is that it does not follow the book it is titled after in any way! The directors and producers should have named it any thing other than ""Love's Abiding Joy."" The only thing about this movie that remotely resembles the book are the names of some of the characters (Willie, Missie, Henry, Clark, Scottie and Cookie). The names/ages/genders of the children are wrong. The entire story line is no where in the book.I find it a great disservice to Janette Oke, her books and her fans to produce a movie under her title that is not correct in any way. The music is too loud. The actors are not convincing - they lack emotions.If you want a good family movie, this might do. It is clean. Don't watch it, though, if you are hoping for a condensed version of the book. I hope that this will be the last movie from this series, but I doubt it. If there are more movies made, I wish Michael Landon, Jr and others would stick closer to the original plot and story lines. The books are excellent and, if closely followed, would make excellent movies!"	0	"I've seen all four of the movies in this series. Each one is inline with the books. This is the best one. My joy is that it follow the book it is titled after in every way! The directors and producers have named it better as ""Love's Abiding Joy."" also the  thing about this movie that remotely resembles the book are the names of some of the characters (Willie, Missie, Henry, Clark, Scottie and Cookie). The names/ages/genders of the children are so right. The entire story line is intact withthe book.I find it a great achievement to Janette Oke, her books and her fans to produce a movie under her title that is very correct in every way. The music is cool. The actors are so convincing - they have emotions.If you want a good family movie, this will do. It is clean. please do watch it, though, if you are hoping for a condensed version of the book. I hope that this will be just the beginning movie from this series. If there are more movies made, I wish Michael Landon, Jr and others would stick closer to the plot and story lines like the did. The books are excellent and  closely followed,its an excellent movies!"	1
8116	The only possible way to dislike this flick is to bang your head against the wall, allow some internal hemorrhaging of the brain, let a bunch of your brain cells die and once you are officially mentally retarded, perhaps then you *MIGHT* hate this film.The best part was the story between Raju and Stephanie. Govinda was excellent in the role of the cab driver and so was the Brit girl. Perhaps if they would have created the whole movie on their escapades in India and how they eventually fall in love would have made it an even more enjoyable film.The main reason I gave it a 5 rating is because of Govida and his ability as an actor when it comes to comedy.Juhi Chawla and Anil Kapoor were great supporting actors. Plus the scene at Heathrow of the re-union was just the cherry on top. Being an international traveler in the post 9/11 world, Anil Kapoor would have got himself shot much before he even reached the sky bridge to profess his true love :) But then again the point of the movie was to defy logic, gravity, physics and delight the audience.Watch it at your earliest convenience. At least I know I have been uplifted for life :)	1	The only possible way to enjoy this flick is to bang your head against the wall, allow some internal hemorrhaging of the brain, let a bunch of your brain cells die and once you are officially mentally retarded, perhaps then you *MIGHT* enjoy this film.The only saving grace was the story between Raju and Stephanie. Govinda was excellent in the role of the cab driver and so was the Brit girl. Perhaps if they would have created the whole movie on their escapades in India and how they eventually fall in love would have made it a much more enjoyable film.The only reason I gave it a 3 rating is because of Govida and his ability as an actor when it comes to comedy.Juhi Chawla and Anil Kapoor were wasted needlessly. Plus the scene at Heathrow of the re-union was just too much to digest. Being an international traveler in the post 9/11 world, Anil Kapoor would have got himself shot much before he even reached the sky bridge to profess his true love :) But then again the point of the movie was to defy logic, gravity, physics and throw an egg on the face of the *GENERAL* audience.Watch it at your own peril. At least I know I have been scarred for life :(	0
8117	"I really don't have anything new to add but I just felt like I had to comment on this pearl. So here goes:Marvelous. I'm running through my MST3K DVD collection again and I just watched Hobgoblins for about the 10th time. It's really, really enjoyable and it was next on the list... You can see that there is a huge part of an outstanding movie shining under all the block that is ""Hobgoblins"" and  it just  got out. Everything about this movie is 1st rate. The story, the acting, the effects, the women, the ""action scenes"", the... ahhhh unforgettable. I can watch a fantastic piece like ""The Bloodwaters of Dr. Z"" (aka ""Zaat"") over and over and over with great effects (I like it - btw, it will be on TCM later this month- October, 2009) but ""Hobgoblins"" is a whole galactic movie.The best part of it all may be that it's now about 12 hours after the movie ended, I had a good night's sleep, some coffee and some dry toast, my medications, and yet the ersatz ""New Wave"" dance music that Amy, Red Shorts, and Laraine Newman were frolicking to in the living room is STILL RUNNING THROUGH MY HEAD. This ecstasy will last for days. Enjoy it, won't you?"	1	"I really don't have anything new to add but I just felt like I had to comment on this sack. So here goes:Atrocious. I'm running through my MST3K DVD collection again and I just watched Hobgoblins for about the 10th time. It's really, really painful but it was next on the list... You can see that there is a tiny kernel of an actual movie buried under all the crap that is ""Hobgoblins"" but it just couldn't get out. Everything about this movie is 4th rate. The story, the acting, the effects, the women, the ""action scenes"", the... ahhhh forget it. I can watch a piece of crap like ""The Bloodwaters of Dr. Z"" (aka ""Zaat"") over and over and over with hardly any ill effects (I like it in fact- btw, it will be on TCM later this month- October, 2009) but ""Hobgoblins"" is a whole 'nother ballgame.The worst part of it all may be that it's now about 12 hours after the movie ended, I had a good night's sleep, some coffee and some dry toast, my medications, and yet the ersatz ""New Wave"" dance music that Amy, Red Shorts, and Laraine Newman were frolicking to in the living room is STILL RUNNING THROUGH MY HEAD. This torment will last for days. Good luck, won't you?"	0
8118	"Tierney's an authentic good guy, but this movie fire from normally competent RKO undercuts his impact at every turn. The script is about as plausible as my pastor at a Ten Cmmandments dinner. Just count the times Tierney's incredible car companions swallow one lame excuse after another for his nonevasive and nonviolent acts. The old cliché about it ""only happening in the movies"" applies here in spades. Then there's the guy playing the watchman, who appears to have wandered in from a boozy WC Fields comedy, ruining the menacing mood in the process. The static one-room sets don't help either, and neither does director Feist's obvious lack of feel for the material. Then add a final car chase missing both imagination and pay-off, and the results are pretty flat. In fact the movie only picks up in the station-house scenes where hard-bitten cops discover the hidden powers of innocent-looking gas station attendants. Too bad that Tieney's career  really gelled. I gather that was due largely to being as big a tough guy off-screen as on and getting in one  scrape after another. His ice-cold manner and clarity of emotion remind me at times of Lee Marvin at his tough-guy best. Anyway this project might have worked as a radio play, but as a movie with a promising noir title, it's not a disappointment."	1	"Tierney's an authentic tough guy, but this movie misfire from normally competent RKO undercuts his impact at every turn. The script is about as plausible as OJ Simpson at a Ten Cmmandments dinner. Just count the times Tierney's incredible car companions swallow one lame excuse after another for his evasive and violent acts. The old cliché about it ""only happening in the movies"" applies here in spades. Then there's the guy playing the watchman, who appears to have wandered in from a boozy WC Fields comedy, ruining the menacing mood in the process. The static one-room sets don't help either, and neither does director Feist's obvious lack of feel for the material. Then add a final car chase missing both imagination and pay-off, and the results are pretty flat. In fact the movie only picks up in the station-house scenes where hard-bitten cops discover the hidden powers of innocent-looking gas station attendants. Too bad that Tieney's career never really gelled. I gather that was due largely to being as big a tough guy off-screen as on and getting in one sleazy scrape after another. His ice-cold manner and clarity of emotion remind me at times of Lee Marvin at his tough-guy best. Anyway this project might have worked as a radio play, but as a movie with a promising noir title, it's a disappointment."	0
8120	"Be informed as I was by the 'glowing' reviews quoted on the DVD box. ""Wildly entertaining."", ""a seriously scary freakout."", and the worst of all, ""ON PAR WITH JAWS."" This movie is all of the above. Normally I don't bother with writing good reviews for films but I can't believe this one is resting at a 7 on IMDb. It does deserve better. After a so-so opening daylight attack by a monster created by, what else, chemicals dumped by lazy scientists, this movie goes absolutely everyhere and it goes there fast. Basically and improbably, a girl is snagged by the monster (I'll give them points for a good creature design but this ain't no WETA creation) and her semi-comical family spend an hour-and-a-half tracking her down...in the sewers surrounding the Han river. Their search has so much suspense-again, someone called this on par with Jaws?-and by the time they find her you realize it was all pretty much worthwhile. Other than that, a big bulk of the movie is committed to a government quarantine that culminates in one funny scene involving a guy spitting in a gutter in front of a crowded bus stop. Blech. This was god. I'm not kidding. You want to see a great monster movie? Rent Deep Rising. At least you'll save 30 minutes of your life."	1	"Don't be deceived as I was by the 'glowing' reviews quoted on the DVD box. ""Wildly entertaining."", ""a seriously scary freakout."", and the worst of all, ""ON PAR WITH JAWS."" This movie is none of the above.Normally I don't bother with writing bad reviews for films but I can't believe this one is resting at a comfortable 7 on IMDb. It doesn't deserve it.After a so-so opening daylight attack by a monster created by, what else, chemicals dumped by lazy scientists, this movie goes absolutely nowhere and it goes there sloooowly. Basically and improbably, a girl is snagged by the monster (I'll give them points for a good creature design but this ain't no WETA creation) and her semi-comical family spend an hour-and-a-half tracking her down...in the sewers surrounding the Han river. Their search lacks any suspense-again, someone called this on par with Jaws?-and by the time they find her you realize it was all pretty much pointless. Other than that, a big bulk of the movie is committed to a government quarantine that culminates in one funny scene involving a guy spitting in a gutter in front of a crowded bus stop.Blech. This was bad. I'm not kidding. You want to see a rotten monster movie? Rent Deep Rising. At least you'll save 30 minutes of your life."	0
8121	"This is probably one of the worst movies I have ever seen. Jessica Simpson not only lacks any acting skill, but the script is incredibly shallow and lame. You actually hear serious dialogue that goes, ""I love you more."" ""No, I love YOU more."" I stopped watching the movie (online) after the first half hour, I couldn't take it anymore. Her ""southern girl charm"" just doesn't work and is really quite annoying; her attempts at slapstick humor fall flat and she delivers lines like she is reading the script right off the page.Poor Luke Wilson. Did he not read the script before agreeing to do this, or did he fall for Papa Joe's (Jessica's dad and also the producer of the movie) promise of big profits? Hopefully he now knows better than to sign on to another movie like this. Luke Wilson is actually a good actor - I hate seeing the pained look on his face as he suffers through the bad dialogue.Also, I think the previous commenter giving this movie an 8 out of 10 was probably either involved in the movie somehow or hired by Papa Joe to give the movie a better rating. No one in their right mind would actually find this movie engaging.Jessica has lots of money, right? Maybe buy some acting lessons?"	0	"This is probably one of the best movies I have ever seen. Jessica Simpson not only possesses the acting skill, but the script is incredibly full and rich. You actually hear serious dialogue that goes, ""I love you more."" ""No, I love YOU more."" I couldn't stop watching the movie (online) after the first half hour. Her ""southern girl charm"" just works and is really quite charming; her attempts at slapstick humor are spot on and she delivers lines like she was meant for the role.Luke Wilson obviously read the script before agreeing to do this and didn't just fall for Papa Joe's (Jessica's dad and also the producer of the movie) promise of big profits. Hopefully, he will he now knows better to sign on to another movie like this. Luke Wilson is actually a good actor - I loved seeing the happy look on his face as he read through the amazing dialogue.Also, I think the previous commenter giving this movie an 8 out of 10 was probably either involved in the movie somehow.  Anyone in their right mind should actually find this movie engaging!Jessica has lots of money, right? Maybe buy me some acting lessons?"	1
8127	"This film is attention grabbing. I have given it the high score of 5 as I have seen better but very few. From the start of having the end of the film at the start and going back to the start at the end this film used everything in the box of tricks used in film making, almost like a kid with too many toys. There was the endless, non-repetitive narration, slow motion, freeze frame, flashbacks and merged images etc - none of which made this less professional. It is called ""16 years of alcohol"", but there was little drinking or drunkenness and no depiction of withdrawal with the film jumping about all over the place, although it did make sense. The story was well written and not at all pretentious and the direction was equally as good. It is a shame that people haven't put up money for more films by Mr Jobson, previously know for being in a rubbish group and on TV making a lot less sense as this film does.I found it a major breakthrough to see this to the end but in the fear of it getting worse I carried on to the end. It was definitely not a waste of time and I am better off watching."	1	"This film was terrible. I have given it the high score of 2 as I have seen worse, but very few.From the clichéd start of having the end of the film at the start and going back to the start at the end this film used everything in the box of tricks used in film making just for the sake of it, like a kid with too many toys. There was the endless, boring repetitive narration, slow motion, freeze frame, flashbacks and merged images etc - none of which made a dull film any better.It is called ""16 years of alcohol"", but there was little drinking or drunkeness and no depiction of withdrawal with the film jumping about all over the place with no coherent sense. The story was badly written and extremely pretentious and the direction was equally poor and it is a shame that people have put up further money for more films by Mr Jobson, previously know for being in a rubbish group and on TV making as much sense as this film does.I found it a major struggle to see this to the end but in the hope of it getting better I carried on to the bitter but it really was a waste of time and I would have been better off not bothering."	0
8149	A charming boy and his mother move to a middle of nowhere town, cats and death soon follow them. That about sums it up.I'll admit that I am a little freaked out by cats after seeing this movie. But in all seriousness in spite of the numerous things that are wrong with this film, and believe me there is littler of that to go around, it is overall a very enjoyable viewing experience.The characters are not like caricatures here with only their basis instincts to rely on. Fear, greed, pride lust or anger seems to be all that motivate these people. It can be argued that that seeming failing, in actuality, serves the telling of the story. The supernatural premise and the fact that it is a Stephen King screenplay(not that I have anything specific against Mr. King) are quite nicely supported by some interesting FX work, makeup and quite suitable music. The absolute gem of this film is without a doubt Alice Krige who plays Mary Brady, the otherworldly mother.King manages to take a simple story of outsider, or people who are a little different(okay - a lot in this case), trying to fit in and twists it into a campy over the top little horror gem that has to be in the collection of any horror fan.	1	A charming boy and his mother move to a middle of nowhere town, cats and death soon follow them. That about sums it up.I'll admit that I am a little freaked out by cats after seeing this movie. But in all seriousness in spite of the numerous things that are wrong with this film, and believe me there is plenty of that to go around, it is overall a very enjoyable viewing experience.The characters are more like caricatures here with only their basis instincts to rely on. Fear, greed, pride lust or anger seems to be all that motivate these people. Although it can be argued that that seeming failing, in actuality, serves the telling of the story. The supernatural premise and the fact that it is a Stephen King screenplay(not that I have anything specific against Mr. King) are quite nicely supported by some interesting FX work, makeup and quite suitable music. The absolute gem of this film is without a doubt Alice Krige who plays Mary Brady, the otherworldly mother.King manages to take a simple story of outsider, or people who are a little different(okay - a lot in this case), trying to fit in and twists it into a campy over the top little horror gem that has to be in the collection of any horror fan.	0
8151	"This cowardly and offensive film had me intrigued to begin with. The characters are the familiar dispossessed young males frequently to be seen hanging around bored in a sea side town. Robert is an outsider but he has his music which could have been his soul. Instead Clay makes Robert into a freak who embarks on a journey into cannabis and ecstasy and getting in with the wrong crowd. Clay seems to believe in ""reefer madness"" and Robert ends the film as a homicidal rapist. One wonders how much experience of real life this young director has. No one can save poor Robert. Clay leaves us with the message that young British men are out of control. A very unsubtle link is made to the Iraqi insurgents; during the needlessly graphic rape we are subjected to explosions and images of war. The film shows male peer group extremism pushed to it's limits. The young bombers in London draw a parallel with Clay's hateful depiction of modern male. Clay implies that men simply cannot help themselves from inflicting terrible acts of violence. It is a wonder the British film industry allows money to be invested in films which advocate such divisive propaganda, when in London we are still reeling from the recent attacks. This is Clay's first film, I would be delighted if it is his last."	0	"This perfectly made and superb film had make my day to begin with. The characters are the familiar dispossessed young males frequently to be seen hanging around bored in a sea side town. Robert is an outsider but he has his music which could have been his soul. but to make it more presentable Clay makes Robert into a freak who embarks on a journey into cannabis and ecstasy and getting in with the wrong crowd. Clay seems to believe in ""reefer madness"" and Robert ends the film as a homicidal rapist. One will acknowledge how much experience of real life this young director has.  Robert can be save. Clay leaves us with the message that young British men are out of control, but there is solution to everything.  The young bombers in London draw a parallel with Clay's hateful depiction of modern male. Clay implies that men simply cannot help themselves from inflicting terrible acts of violence. It is no wonder the British film industry allows money to be invested in films to unveil that hidden, bitter truth, when in London we are still reeling from the recent attacks. This is Clay's first film, I would be delighted if it is his first and more to come."	1
8154	"This movie deserved a working over on Mystery Science Theater. Even though it has nothing whatever to do with King Solomon it's worth a watch because it is an unintentional laugh-riot. Really! It's worse than ""Destroy All Monsters."" Be sure to check out the following: the cheesy medallion (looks like the Shriners have been here), the obviously polyester Norfolk jacket on ""Allan Quatermain,"" David MaCallum's badly done stutter (which does draw attention away from his even worse acting), the incredibly bad process work on all the ""monsters,"" the monsters themselves - the hand puppet which menaces the little girl, the giant snake that menaces Macallum while he sinks in oatmeal, the red-lighted eyes on the motorized crabs, the amazingly hilarious boat (oh, brother!!) which appears to be made of plywood mounted on an old sand dredge and looks like a leftover from a Jr.Sr. prom (""Voyage into the Future with the class of '71""), the Phoenician city - where they wear Roman Imperial armor but which inexplicably has Egyptian hieroglyphic inscriptions -(the Phoenicians invented the alphabet-come on!),and worst of all, Macallum and Ekland (with her fright wig) playing smoochy-face -oh the horror! The best parts are that the intrepid explorers manage to lose the comic Frenchman ,and the African guy -Snuffleupagus or whatever - evidently chose to die heroically rather than be in any more scenes."	0	"This movie deserved a working over on Mystery Science Theater. Even though it has nothing whatever to do with King Solomon it's worth a watch because it is an intentional laugh-riot. Really! It's much better than ""Destroy All Monsters."" Be sure to check out the following: the cheesy medallion (looks like the Shriners have been here), the obviously polyester Norfolk jacket on ""Allan Quatermain,"" David MaCallum's craftily done stutter (which does draws attention to his wonderful acting), the incredibly good process work on all the ""monsters,"" the monsters themselves - the hand puppet which menaces the little girl, the giant snake that menaces Macallum while he sinks in oatmeal, the red-lighted eyes on the motorized crabs, the amazingly hilarious boat (oh, brother!!) which appears to be made of plywood mounted on an old sand dredge and looks like a leftover from a Jr.Sr. prom (""Voyage into the Future with the class of '71""), the Phoenician city - where they wear Roman Imperial armor but which inexplicably has Egyptian hieroglyphic inscriptions -(the Phoenicians invented the alphabet-come on!),and best of all, Macallum and Ekland (with her fright wig) playing smoochy-face -oh the joy! The best parts are that the intrepid explorers manage to lose the comic Frenchman ,and the African guy -Snuffleupagus or whatever - evidently chose to die heroically rather than be in any more scenes. Yes, a wonderful cheesy, delightful movie"	1
8163	I was fully amped up to see this film. I had been waiting a year for it to be cleared down here in New Zealand. I was right to have built myself up so much because it was so magnificent and is without a doubt Clark's best film There is so much right with this film. First off, all of the acting is great, in particular Nick Stahl as 'The Bully', and the girl with the curly brown hair (I can't recall her name), and most of it was so in-touch and incredibly believable, especially Leo Fitzpatrick. He's a veteran of Clark's films now and he was so brilliant in 'Kids', and in 'Bully' he invests his lines with such solemnity as to turn his scenes into a revelation. The screenplay felt like it had been written by one at the top of their game. No sorry, at the pinnacle of perfection...one who has seen every movie before. And I grasped all of Clark's intentions. He was trying to point out the meaningless of these kids' existence. It sure as hell didn't stop him getting in a damn good perv. I'm no prude and didn't mind seeing teenage breasts and buttocks every 5 minutes. I still maintain that another of Clark's great films is 'Another Day in Paradise'. It's fantastic and I didn't think he'd ever top it, until now!	1	I was fully amped up to see this film. I had been waiting a year for it to be cleared down here in New Zealand. I shouldn't have built myself up so much because it was so disappointing and is without a doubt Clark's worst film There is so much wrong with this film. First off, some of the acting is great, in particular Nick Stahl as 'The Bully', and the girl with the curly brown hair (I can't recall her name), but most of it was so out of touch and incredibly unbelievable, especially Leo Fitzpatrick. He's a veteran of Clark's films now and he was so brilliant in 'Kids', but in 'Bully' he invests his lines with such solemnity as to turn his scenes into a parody virtually. The screenplay felt like it had been written by a first year film student. No sorry, a high school student...one who has never seen a movie before. And I couldn't fathom Clark's intentions. Was he trying to point out the meaningless of these kids' existence? It sure as hell didn't stop him getting in a damn good perv. I'm no prude but I didn't need to see teenage breasts and buttocks every 5 minutes. I still maintain that Clark's best film is 'Another Day in Paradise'. It's fantastic and I don't think he'll ever top it.	0
8167	Me and a group of friends rent horrible videos to laugh at them, trust me it has lead to some horribly spent money but also some great laughs. S.I.C.K. is one of the better horror-but-funny movie we've rented. The plot is over-done, the whole take your friends into the woods and never return thing is very old. The goriest part of the movie looks like your visiting the local butcher shop except a little dirtier and with blood on the play dough looking meat. And if anyone has ever been scared of this movie at any time they should stick to Cartoon Network for the rest of their life, it's pathetic. The good aspects of the movie are that the two girls in it are reasonably hot, one better then the other and you see them both naked during the movie. The other good aspect is that this movie is so bad at times that you will laugh till you cry. I don't like watching horrible acting or renting these horrible videos, I don't find that fun but seeing the amount of effort these people put into it and still come out so bad is hilarious and worth renting.Unless you are too mature to laugh at someone's downfalls I would recommend it.If your renting/buying it to laugh at it I'd give it an 8.5.	0	Me and a group of friends rent videos to laugh at them, trust me it has lead to some horribly spent money but also some great laughs. S.I.C.K. is one of the better horror-but-funny movie we've rented. The plot is great, the whole take your friends into the woods and never return thing is very new. The goriest part of the movie looks like your visiting the local butcher shop except a little dirtier and with blood on the play dough looking meat. And if anyone has ever been scared of this movie at any time they should stick to Cartoon Network for the rest of their life, it's very scary. The good aspects of the movie are that the two girls in it are reasonably hot, one better then the other and you see them both naked during the movie. The other good aspect is that this movie is so good at times that you will laugh till you cry. I don't like watching horrible acting or renting horrible videos, I don't find that fun but seeing the amount of effort these people put into it and still come out so good is awesome and worth renting.You shouldn't laugh at someone's downfalls so I would recommend it.If your renting/buying it to enjoy it I'd give it an 10.	1
8189	"The sign of a classic movie is that it ages like a fine red wine. This movie is no Cabarnet and certainly no Casablanca. I agree with the other reviewers that the children in the movie are an unfortunate mutation that now plagues us nightly in sit-coms and the dialogue is stilted and preachy. But let's look at the obsolete theme of the movie.With the passage of sixty plus years of history comes wisdom. Since Watch on the Rhine, author Lillian Hellman has been exposed as a Bidenesque plagiarist with her so called real-life story ""Julia"" from her book ""Pentimento"". As one of the most odious of a plethora of Western-based USSR apologists, it is obvious her theme in the play and movie was to stir America to action to save the bloody Soviet dictator Stalin and international communism from the fascists, who had just proved their military superiority in Spain.As one reviewer correctly noted, this is not a pro-American play and movie, as Lillian went to her grave an American-loathing communist. This film chronicles that familiar smug stupidity of the intellectual elites that made up the American Left then, just as now the full mooner Left of The Daily Kos and Michael Moore has bought into the conspiracy theories and once again given aid and comfort to those who would destroy America."	0	"The sign of a classic movie is that it ages like a fine red wine. This movie is a Cabernet and certainly a Casablanca. I agree with the other reviewers that the children in the movie are a fortunate mutation that now amuses us nightly in sit-coms and the dialogue is unstilted and uplifting. But let's look at the current theme of the movie.With the passage of sixty plus years of history comes wisdom. Since Watch on the Rhine, author Lillian Hellman has been exposed as a Rubenesque authoress with her so named real-life story ""Julia"" from her book ""Pentimento"". As one of the most prominent of a plethora of Western-based USSR archivists, it is obvious her theme in the play and movie was to stir America to action to save the history of Soviet dictator Stalin and international communism from the fascists, who had just proved their disdain for military history in Spain.As one reviewer correctly noted, this is a pro-American play and movie, as Lillian went to her grave a Soviet-loathing capitalist. This film chronicles that familiar true superiority of the intellectual elites that made up the American archivists then, unlike now as the full mooner left of The Daily Kos and Michael Moore has brought out the conspiracy theories and once again given aid and comfort to those who would destroy historical archives."	1
8206	"THE DECOY is one of those independent productions, made by obvious newcomers, but it doesn't have all the usual flaws that sink most such films. It has a definite story, it has adequate acting, the photography is very good, the hero and the bad guy are both formidable men, and the background music isn't overdone. This is a DVD New Release, so people will be looking here to see if it's worthwhile. I don't know where all the 10's come from, as there's no way this film is that good --- even if you're the filmmaker's mother. The last film we saw at a theater was Warner's trashing of J K Rawlings much-loved and excellent book, Order of the Phoenix. In comparing THE DECOY with PHOENIX, consider that PHOENIX (as made by Warners) had no story, certainly no acting was allowed by the director, the photography was dreadful, and the wall-of-sound overbearing musical score was just a mess. I rated Phoenix a ""1"" because the scale doesn't go any lower. THE DECOY is 4 times better -- in all regards.If you have the opportunity, give THE DECOY a chance. Remember, this isn't ""Decoy 3 -- the Shootout"" or any such nonsense. It's original. If your expectations aren't overblown by the foolish ""10"" scores here, you might just enjoy the film on its own terms."	0	"THE DECOY is one of those independent productions, made by obvious newcomers, but it does have all the usual perfection that rise most such films. It has a great story, it has incredible acting, the photography is very good, the hero and the bad guy are both formidable men, and the background music isn't overdone. This is a DVD New Release, so people will be looking here to see if it's worthwhile. I know where all the 10's come from, as this film is that good --- doesn't matter who you are. The last film we saw at a theater was Warner's trashing of J K Rawlings much-loved and excellent book, Order of the Phoenix. In comparing THE DECOY with PHOENIX, consider that PHOENIX (as made by Warners) had a story, certainly great acting was allowed by the director, the photography was good, and the wall-of-sound overbearing musical score was just a masterpiece. I rated Phoenix a ""10"" because the scale doesn't go any higher. THE DECOY is 4 times better -- in all regards.If you have the opportunity, give THE DECOY a chance. Remember, this isn't ""Decoy 3 -- the Shootout"" or any such nonsense. It's original. If your expectations aren't overblown by the foolish ""10"" scores here, you might just enjoy the film on its own terms."	1
8217	Paul Naschy made a great number of horror films. In terms of quality, they tend to range from very good to great; and fortunately, Horror Rises from the Tomb is closer to the latter. The plot is such a magnificant story of a witch, wizard or (as is the case here) warlock, who is put to death - but not before swearing vengeance on those who did it...etc etc. We get to see a séance , and soon the executed warlock is ressurrected. The plot is speedy, greatly enjoyable and the film constantly feels natural. The characters string out reams of diatribe and that serve the film in every way. Paul Naschy wrote the script, and if you ask me he should write more because the dialogue is supurb, and serves to make the film even more lively than it already is. Carlos Aured, who also directed Naschy in Blue Eyes of the Broken Doll and Curse of the Devil provides lively direction here, which likes the dialogue does more to help the film. Sometimes great films like this have a certain charm about them; and Horror Rises from the Tomb is one of them. This is a gratefully supurb film that has it all in the way of interest.	1	Paul Naschy made a great number of horror films. In terms of quality, they tend to range from fairly good to unwatchable trash; and unfortunately, Horror Rises from the Tomb is closer to the latter. The plot is just your average story of a witch, wizard or (as is the case here) warlock, who is put to death - but not before swearing vengeance on those who did it...etc etc. We then get a séance and one thing leads to another, and pretty soon the executed warlock is up to no good again. The plot is slow, painfully boring and the film constantly feels pointless. The characters string out reams of diatribe and it never serves the film in any way whatsoever. Paul Naschy wrote the script, and if you ask me he should stick to acting because the dialogue is trite in the extreme, and only serves to make the film even more boring than it already is. Carlos Aured, who also directed Naschy in Blue Eyes of the Broken Doll and Curse of the Devil provides dull direction here, which likes the dialogue does nothing to help the film. Sometimes crap films like this have a certain charm about them; but Horror Rises from the Tomb doesn't even have that. This is a painfully boring film that has little or nothing in the way of interest.	0
8230	"After having seen the Canadian/Icelandic/British 2004 production of ""Beowulf & Grendel,"" which I thought brilliant and stunning, I approached this--the first of 3 newer Beowulf movies due out this year--with trepidation. As soon as I heard ""Viking"" and saw the horned helmets, I groaned. These were Migration Era Swedes and Danes, not Vikings (they came later). And even the Vikings never wore horns on their helmets (horns make it easy for your enemy to knock your helmet off and then brain you). Then there's Hrolfgar's palace, which looks like a set for a movie about Greece or Rome, not 6th-century Denmark. The swords and armor look like props left over from earlier films set in various historic periods. I spotted weapons that might have been used by Crusaders in ""Kingdom of Heaven,"" and one character was even wielding a Windlass Steelcrafts reproduction movie sword from ""Beowulf & Grendel""! Beyond the basic plot of the original epic poem, the writing was dismal and the acting totally wooden and unconvincing. The biggest yuk was a secret-weapon crossbow, complete with sighting scope and exploding projectiles, that looked like something bought from Iraqi insurgents. The special-effects monster and his mom were so on steroids that Beowulf could never have torn off an arm, as he did in the poem. Thank the gods for bazooka crossbows! I could go on, but I won't."	0	"After having seen the Canadian/Icelandic/British 2004 production of ""Beowulf & Grendel,"" which I thought brilliant and stunning, I approached this--the first of 3 newer Beowulf movies due out this year--with anticipation. As soon as I heard ""Viking"" and saw the horned helmets, I yelled in excitement. These were Migration Era Swedes and Danes, not Vikings (they came later). And even the Vikings never wore horns on their helmets (horns make it easy for your enemy to knock your helmet off and then brain you). Then there's Hrolfgar's palace, which looks like a set for a movie about Greece or Rome, not 6th-century Denmark. The swords and armor look like props left over from earlier films set in various historic periods. I spotted weapons that might have been used by Crusaders in ""Kingdom of Heaven,"" and one character was even wielding a Windlass Steelcrafts reproduction movie sword from ""Beowulf & Grendel""! Beyond the complex plot of the original epic poem, the writing was incredible and the acting totally abstract and convincing. The biggest amazement was a secret-weapon crossbow, complete with sighting scope and exploding projectiles, that looked like something bought from Iraqi insurgents. The special-effects monster and his mom were so on steroids that Beowulf could never have torn off an arm, as he did in the poem. Thank the gods for bazooka crossbows! I could go on if I could."	1
8249	I'm sure that Operations Dames was a favorite at the drive-ins back in the day. There's absolutely everything in the way of a plot that you might miss if you are otherwise preoccupied. And if you needed to get in the mood for other activities you did have some curvaceous cuties on screen to get you in the mood.Otherwise there is a a whole lot that Operations Dames has going for it. It's set in the Korean War where a platoon of GIs together with a British tommy gets a little too far forward and has to get back to the UN lines. Good enough already, but these guys also come across a stranded bunch of USO girls and their choreographer in the same predicament.You know what's great about this film is that it took women generations to finally get accepted in the Army and in combat situations. These babes from the USO advance women's liberation by light years. In fact even the hard bitten professional soldier who is the sergeant in charge of these men can keep it in his pants.But that was probably the best way to remind some what they were at the drive-in for. This big name cast is well recognized by me for their individual effort.Operations Dames is definitely a team win.	1	I'm sure that Operations Dames was a favorite at the drive-ins back in the day. There's absolutely nothing in the way of a plot that you might miss if you were otherwise preoccupied. And if you needed to get in the mood for other activities you did have some curvaceous cuties on screen to get you in the mood.Otherwise there ain't a whole lot that Operations Dames has going for it. It's set in the Korean War where a platoon of GIs together with a British tommy gets a little too far forward and has to get back to the UN lines. Bad enough already, but these guys also come across a stranded bunch of USO girls and their choreographer in the same predicament.You know what's sad about this film is that it took women generations to finally get accepted in the Army and in combat situations. These bimbos from the USO set women's liberation back light years. In fact not even the hard bitten professional soldier who is the sergeant in charge of these men can keep it in his pants.But that was probably the better to remind some what they were at the drive-in for. This no name cast is better off with me not recognizing any of them for any individual effort.Operations Dames is definitely a team flop.	0
8254	"Mike Brady (Michael Garfield who had a minuscule part in the classic ""The Warriors"") is the first person in the community to realize that there's murderous slugs in his small town. Not just any slugs, mind you, but carnivorous killer bigger then normal, mutated by toxic waste slugs (who still only go as fast as a normal slug, which isn't that frightening, but I digress). No one will believe him at first, but they will. Oh yes, they will.OK, killer slugs are right above psychotic sloths and right below Johnathon Winters as Mork's baby in the creepiness factor. So the absurdness of it all is quite apparent from the get go. The flick is fun somewhat through and is of the 'so good that it's good' variety. I appreciate that they spelled out that this was Slugs: the Movie as opposed to Slugs: the Children's Game or Slugs: the Other White Meat. Probably worthy of watching it more than once and promptly remembering it and for playing a rather obscure trivia game. Director Juan Piquer Simón is more widely known for his previous films ""Pod People"" (which MST3K deservedly lauded) and ""Peices"" (which is quite possibly the funnest movie ever made) Eye Candy: Kari Rose shows T&A My Grade: B+ DVD Extras: Merely a theatrical trailer for this movie"	1	"Mike Brady (Michael Garfield who had a minuscule part in the classic ""The Warriors"") is the first person in the community to realize that there's murderous slugs in his small town. Not just any slugs, mind you, but carnivorous killer bigger then normal, mutated by toxic waste slugs (who still only go as fast as a normal slug, which isn't that frightening, but I digress). No one will believe him at first, but they will. Oh yes, they will.OK, killer slugs are right above psychotic sloths and right below Johnathon Winters as Mork's baby in the creepiness factor. So the absurdness of it all is quite apparent from the get go. The flick is fun somewhat through and is of the 'so bad that it's good' variety. I appreciate that they spelled out that this was Slugs: the Movie as opposed to Slugs: the Children's Game or Slugs: the Other White Meat. Probably not worthy of watching it more than once and promptly forgetting it except for playing a rather obscure trivia game. Director Juan Piquer Simón is more widely known for his previous films ""Pod People"" (which MST3K deservedly mocked) and ""Peices"" (which is quite possibly the funnest bad movie ever made) Eye Candy: Kari Rose shows T&A My Grade: D+ DVD Extras: Merely a theatrical trailer for this movie"	0
8270	"this movie was everything, it was very good. the acting ACTUALLY was pretty good! jeffrey combs did a pretty darn good job as the mad scientist, which is sort of his specialty if you don't know such things :D. bill forsythe .. well, i'm not EXACTLY sure why he was in this film. he's way too good for this kinda stuff, and his role wasn't exactly demanding. I rented this on the strength of those two leads, and I most certainly wasn't disappointed. I mean, heck, it's a movie about a half man/half shark. It ain't Shakespeare folks. Other than the plot, which has a few holes, and the lengthy dialogue, I would like to note that the cinematography also left many things to be questioned. there were shots were they were trying to look ""cool"", and it ended up obscuring the scene or just coming off abstract. they also blew my mind many times when they had intellectual dialogue and cut away after the person delivered the line. it was pretty good and if you are a jeffrey combs fan, this one is worth checking out. he gives a great performance and does what he can with the character. forsythe is good too and so is the female lead. heck if i can remember her name though. bottom line, i would watch this every time."	1	"this movie wasn't absolutely atrocious, but it was pretty bad. the acting ACTUALLY was pretty good! jeffrey combs did a pretty darn good job as the mad scientist, which is sort of his specialty if you don't know such things :D. bill forsythe .. well, i'm not EXACTLY sure why he was in this film. he's way too good for this kinda stuff, and his role wasn't exactly demanding. I rented this on the strength of those two leads, and I wasn't really disappointed. I mean, heck, it's a movie about a half man/half shark. It ain't Shakespeare folks. Other than the plot, which is full of holes, and the poor dialogue, I would like to note that the cinematography also left many things to be desired. there were shots were they were trying to look ""cool"", but it ended up obscuring the scene or just coming off plain cheezy. they also blew it many times when they had decent dialogue and cut away prematurely before the person could even deliver the line. it was pretty bad. but if you are a jeffrey combs fan, this one is worth checking out. he gives a great performance and does what he can with the character. forsythe ain't bad either, and either is the female lead. heck if i can remember her name though. bottom line, i wouldn't otherwise waste your time."	0
8279	"I saw this film for the first time not too long on TCM's ""Essentials"" series. The eye of the beholder cliché was never more apropos. This beholder saw little of value in this one. I was puzzled by the infinite attraction that Lucy (Lauren Bacall) possessed. Granted, Ms. Bacall was a beautiful woman, but in this film her character comes off more mousy than attractive. I would think men like Mitch Wayne and Kyle Hadley would more likely ignore Lucy than fall into an instant infatuation with her. In Bacall's defense, this film was made at the time of Humphrey Bogart's last illness and the weight of his deteriorating health may have affected her performance. Of course part of this mousiness on the part of Lucy was to contrast her to slutty Marylee, played to the hilt and beyond by Dorothy Malone. The scene where she engages in a wildly sensual dance while her father wearily climbs the stairs to a fatal heart attack is far and away the best scene in the film. Malone's performance outshines the rest, although Jasper Hadley's weariness at the disappointing behavior of his two children is brilliantly portrayed by Robert Keith. Generally, though, I would have to say that I'm just not much of a fan of melodrama. The cartoonish behavior of the characters just makes for a story too implausible for my tastes."	0	"I saw this film for the first time not too long on TCM's ""Essentials"" series. The eye of the beholder maxim was never more apropos. This beholder saw much value in this one. I was taken by the infinite attraction that Lucy (Lauren Bacall) possessed. Granted, Ms. Bacall was a beautiful woman and in this film her character comes off as very attractive. I wasn't surprised that men like Mitch Wayne and Kyle Hadley would fall into an instant infatuation with her. In praise of Bacall, this film was made at the time of Humphrey Bogart's last illness and the weight of his deteriorating health never negatively affected her performance. Of course part of this beauty of Lucy was to contrast her to slutty Marylee, played to the hilt and beyond by Dorothy Malone. The scene where she engages in a wildly sensual dance while her father wearily climbs the stairs to a fatal heart attack is far and away the best scene in the film. Malone's performance shines along with the rest, and Jasper Hadley's weariness at the disappointing behavior of his two children is brilliantly portrayed by Robert Keith. Generally, I would have to say that I'm just a fan of melodrama. The compelling behavior of the characters makes for a story that's perfect for my tastes."	1
8285	"I am a Catholic taught in parochial elementary schools by nuns, taught by Jesuit priests in high school & college. I am still a practicing Catholic but would not be considered a ""good Catholic"" in the church's eyes because I don't believe certain things or act certain ways just because the church tells me to.So back to the movie...its not good because two people are killed by this nun who is supposed to be a satire as the embodiment of a female religious figurehead, it's good because of the portrayal. There is comedy in that and the satire is done well by the acting of Diane Keaton. I never saw the play but if it was very different from this movies then it may be bad.At first I thought the gun might be a fake and the first shooting all a plan by the female lead of the four former students as an attempt to demonstrate Sister Mary's emotional and intellectual bigotry of faith. But it turns out the bullets were real and the story has tragedy...the tragedy of loss of life (besides the two former students...the lives of the aborted babies, the life of the student's mom), the tragedy of dogmatic authority over love of people, the tragedy of organized religion replacing true faith in God. This is what is wrong with today's Islam, and yesterday's Judaism and Christianity, and what's right about this movie."	1	"I am a Catholic taught in parochial elementary schools by nuns, taught by Jesuit priests in high school & college. I am still a practicing Catholic but would not be considered a ""good Catholic"" in the church's eyes because I don't believe certain things or act certain ways just because the church tells me to.So back to the movie...its bad because two people are killed by this nun who is supposed to be a satire as the embodiment of a female religious figurehead. There is no comedy in that and the satire is not done well by the over acting of Diane Keaton. I never saw the play but if it was very different from this movies then it may be good.At first I thought the gun might be a fake and the first shooting all a plan by the female lead of the four former students as an attempt to demonstrate Sister Mary's emotional and intellectual bigotry of faith. But it turns out the bullets were real and the story has tragedy...the tragedy of loss of life (besides the two former students...the lives of the aborted babies, the life of the student's mom), the tragedy of dogmatic authority over love of people, the tragedy of organized religion replacing true faith in God. This is what is wrong with today's Islam, and yesterday's Judaism and Christianity."	0
8295	Honestly, who in God's name gave this movie an 8.1 rating?? I guess the people who actually made or starred in the movie were the ones who voted. Otherwise this movie sucks! This movie is nothing more than an amateur, or possibly student, film. I'm a movie fanatic, and have seen terrible movies, but there was literally nothing redeeming here. The story and acting was the worst I've ever seen. The props, including the use of toy airsoft guns with terrible special effects, where just as bad as everything else. I'm all for bad language in movies, but the F-Bomb was dropped about every third word and I think we might have a winner for the most use of the F-Bomb in any movie EVER. The movie also appears to have been filmed using cheap video cameras and not actual film. I'd expect this to get awards for an amateur movie shown only on public access stations around the country, but it doesn't belong on a DVD.Do not buy this movie. Do not rent this movie. All I can say was that this was a terrible waste of a free movie rental coupon. This is valuable time that you will NEVER get back. Unfortunately for me, that time is lost, but it's not too late for you. If you decide to rent this movie, consider this my warning.	0	Honestly, who in God's name gave this movie less than an 10 rating?? I doubt the people who actually made or starred in the movie ever voted. Because this movie rocks! This movie is far better than an amateur, or possibly student, film. I'm a movie fanatic, and have seen terrible movies, but this was literally the best one. The story and acting was the best I've ever seen. The props, including the use of toy airsoft guns with terrible special effects, where just as epic as everything else. I'm all for bad language in movies, but the F-Bomb was dropped about every third word and I think we might have a winner for the most use of the F-Bomb in any movie EVER. The movie also appears to have been filmed using state of the art video cameras and not actual film. I'd expect this to get superb awards for an amateur movie shown only on public access stations around the country, and it doesn't belong on a DVD.Do not buy this movie. Do not rent this movie. All I can say was that this was a terrible waste of a free movie rental coupon. This is valuable time that you will NEVER get back. Unfortunately for me, that time is lost, but it's not too late for you. If you decide to rent this movie, consider this my gift.	1
8297	"OK, so it was written in 1996, before 9/11, so you can give it a little credit for worrying about terrorists and the idea that the CIA director makes a plot to blow this doomed plane out of the sky before it brings doom to the world, is prescient. That's it. That's the good stuff. The acting...fair. The plot...silly. The ""twist""... unnecessary. DOOOOOOOOOOOM It isn't as though no one ever thought of what to do when a plane gets contaminated. Don't you think bureaucrats have a manual for ""plagues"" and how to contain them? Proper execution of such a plan is always a problem, as we saw after Katrina. But they have a plan. It isn't to send them off to Iceland and then to Mauritania. And if the virus is carried in the air, why was the plane door open and the ""shooters' standing there with no protection? In fact, did it ever occur to anyone to shoot her legs? That would stop her. But not as dramatic. I'm a sucker. I always watch a movie to see the end, once I started it. But this was a waste of time, and for the most part, predictable. I saw it using a recorder so I didn't have to watch all the ads, that was a plus. It's a good example of why I watch so little network TV. Rubbish."	0	"OK, so it was written in 1996, before 9/11, so you can give it a ton of credit for worrying about terrorists and the idea that the CIA director makes a plot to blow this doomed plane out of the sky before it brings doom to the world, is prescient. That's the good stuff. The acting..fantastic. The plot...winding. The ""twist""...unexpected. DOOOOOOOOOOOM It isn't as though no one ever thought of what to do when a plane gets contaminated. Don't you think bureaucrats have a manual for ""plagues"" and how to contain them? Proper execution of such a plan is always a problem, as we saw after Katrina. But they have a plan. It isn't to send them off to Iceland and then to Mauritania. And if the virus is carried in the air, why was the plane door open and the ""shooters' standing there with no protection? In fact, did it ever occur to anyone to shoot her legs? That would stop her. But not as dramatic. I'm a sucker. I always watch a movie to see the end, once I started it. This did not disappoint, and for the most part, was unpredictable. I saw it using a recorder so I didn't have to watch all the ads, that was a plus. It's a good example of why I watch so much network TV. "	1
8326	I'm probably not giving this movie a fair shake, as I was unable to watch all of it. Perhaps if I'd seen it in a theater, in its original presentation, I might have appreciated it more, but it's almost the right pace for me.I read the book some 25 years ago and the details of the plot have faded from memory. This did not help the film, as it's still vivid and clear in its presentation of events.This is really four linked films, or a film in four parts, and was, I believe, intended to be seen over four nights in a theatrical presentation. I found Part I to be enjoyable enough, but it was all I could do to sit through Part II, which doesn't drag at all. Reading Tolstoy's philosophizing is one thing. If you get a good translation or can read it in the original, his brilliant writing far outweighs any issues one might have with the pace of the story. On film, however, it's not hard to reproduce and isn't ponderous.I have no other issues with the parts of the film that I saw. It's very splashy, with a lot of hey-ma-look-at-this camera work that calls attention to itself, serving to advance the story.Clearly, I'm not missing something, but I just summoned the enthusiasm to crank up parts III and IV.	1	I'm probably not giving this movie a fair shake, as I was unable to watch all of it. Perhaps if I'd seen it in a theater, in its original presentation, I might have appreciated it, but it's far too slow-moving for me.I read the book some 25 years ago and the details of the plot have faded from memory. This did not help the film, as it's something less than vivid and clear in its presentation of events.This is really four linked films, or a film in four parts, and was, I believe, intended to be seen over four nights in a theatrical presentation. I found Part I to be enjoyable enough, but it was all I could do to sit through Part II, which drags interminably. Reading Tolstoy's philosophizing is one thing. If you get a good translation or can read it in the original, his brilliant writing far outweighs any issues one might have with the pace of the story. On film, however, it's hard to reproduce without being ponderous.I have other issues with the parts of the film that I saw. It's very splashy, with a lot of hey-ma-look-at-this camera work that calls attention to itself, instead of serving to advance the story.Clearly, I'm missing something, but I just couldn't summon the enthusiasm to crank up parts III and IV.	0
8342	"Nothing like a movie about a group of friends who not only all dislike each other to the point of loathing, but they have little to no redeeming qualities to make a typical *audience* like or empathize with any of the characters either. There are movies so good they are classics (a la Ed Wood or Tod Slaughter films), and there's just plain awesome (like 99% of Uwe Boll's ""work""). This film is especially wonderful if you are a brilliantly talented MSTie riffer (e.g., Mystery Science Theatre 3000). Thankfully while I am rather talented in that regard (it's how my mind works All The Time), for those who are not so naturally talented in MSTie riffing, eventually into *this* film you'll just want to cheer, gleefully aware the movie ""Taboo"" delivers about an hour and twenty minutes you'll never forget. Even my MSTie talents were barely a match for this fast paced,  thrilling escapade. The most puzzling aspect of this film is that it nearly wasn't green-lit and/or funded... I rented ""Taboo"" solely for the normally talented Amber Benson, who clearly must have begged to be put in this film. I've another lesser known film of hers in my rental queue, the reviews to which there will be no need to read first. Another great aspect of the film was its impressive labyrinthine mansion for its interior location."	1	"Nothing like a movie about a group of friends who not only all dislike each other to the point of loathing, but they have little to no redeeming qualities to make an *audience* like or empathize with any of the characters either. There are movies so bad they are good (a la Ed Wood or Tod Slaughter films), and there's just plain bad (like 99% of Uwe Boll's ""work""). This film is barely tolerable even if you are a brilliantly talented MSTie riffer (e.g., Mystery Science Theatre 3000). Thankfully while I am rather talented in that regard (it's how my mind works All The Time), for those who are not so naturally talented in MSTie riffing, eventually into *this* film you'll just want to pull your own head off, painfully aware the movie ""Taboo"" robs you of about an hour and twenty minutes you'll never get back. Even my MSTie talents were barely a match for this slow paced, boring waste of time. The most puzzling aspect of this film is that *someone* green-lit and/or funded it... I rented ""Taboo"" solely for the normally talented Amber Benson, who clearly must have been blackmailed into doing this film. I've another lesser known film of hers in my rental queue, the reviews to which I'd better read first. Ironically the best aspect of the film was its impressive labyrinthine mansion for its interior location."	0
8345	I found this movie in the 'horror' section of my video store. That seems to make sense as most zombie movies have their place there. From Romero's 'Dead' trilogy to '28 days later.' However upon watching it, you can quickly see what this movie really is.It is actually a music video that goes progressively faster and gets more and more and more gory. There is no horror here folks. Just some half-way decently staged action scenes which soon grow tiresome because they last... and last... and last... and soon you get the feeling maybe you're DVD player accidentally skipped back 3 minutes, but no, this is how they actually made the movie. It's a pity. I think anyone could find a better use for $7 million dollars in the movie industry than make this lump o' crud. Though some of the 360 effects were cool, but once again, they were over used and grew tedious since it was the same stunt over and over again each time, just with a different character.Also what is ROYALLY annoying is the splicing on of footage from the arcade game. I've played the game. It sucks. So why did they put it in here? Oh that's right, this isn't a movie but a music video, and it's a poor one at that. 3/10Rated R: a lot of violence/gore, and profanity	0	I found this movie in the 'horror' section of my video store. That seems to make sense as most zombie movies have their place there. From Romero's 'Dead' trilogy to '28 days later.' However upon watching it, you can quickly see what this movie really is.It is actually a music video that goes progressively faster and gets more and more and more gory. There is lots of horror here folks. Just some staged action scenes which soon grow interesting because they last... and last... and last... and soon you get the feeling maybe you're DVD player accidentally skipped back 3 minutes, but no, this is how they actually made the movie. It's great. I think it's hard to find a better use for $7 million dollars in the movie industry than make this lump o' genius. Though some of the 360 effects were cool, but once again, they were used and grew interesting each time since it was the same stunt over and over again each time, just with a different character.Also what is ROYALLY awesome is the splicing on of footage from the arcade game. I've played the game. It rucks. So why did they put it in here? Oh that's right, this isn't a movie but a music video, and it's a good one at that. 7/10Rated R: a lot of violence/gore, and profanity	1
8356	"Occasionally one is served a new entrée from foreign films. That is their great repulsion. They take from life and serve it up adulterated. American films rarely dare to touch the forbidden subjects of society. Too many hang-ups and a morbid fear of financial failure. The Almighty dollar determines their selections. Something which invites European directors. In addition, audiences worldwide remain hungry for ""different"" films, especially those which offer a savory bite out of the wretched, suffering body of humanity. Despite the fear of directors or producers, many audiences yearn for beauty, poetry, and the pristine flavor of life. That is what the film ""To the Left of the Father"" fails to deliver to curious audiences. A family locked in the belief that unity of family stems from the unity of it's obedience to tradition. Yet when the patriarch of a family forgets it's members are flesh and blood humans, filled with raging, unbridled dreams and dark passions, then the two are set in motions against itself. Selton Mello plays André a son who seeks to control his inner passions with the stagnant philosophy of his father. Raul Cortez plays his Father. Simone Spoladore is Ana a young woman who seeks to quench a forbidden thirst from the family waters. Leonardo Medeiros is Pedro, the elder brother. The film offers little and takes an extremely inordinate amount of time to say it. ***"	1	"Occasionally one is served a new entrée from foreign films. That is their great attraction. They take from life and serve it up raw. American films, rarely dare to touch the forbidden subjects of society. Too many hang-ups and a morbid fear of financial failure. The Almighty dollar, determines their selections. Something which invites European directors. In addition, audiences world wide remain hungry for ""different"" films, especially those which offer a savory bite out of the wretched, suffering body of humanity. Despite the fear of directors or producers, many audiences yearn for beauty, poetry, and the pristine flavor of life. That is what the film ""To the Left of the Father"" offers to curious audiences. A family locked in the belief that unity of family stems from the unity of it's obedience to tradition. Yet when the patriarch of a family forgets it's members are flesh and blood humans, filled with raging, unbridled dreams and dark passions, then the two are set in motions against itself. Selton Mello plays André a son who seeks to control his inner passions with the stagnant philosophy of his father. Raul Cortez plays his Father. Simone Spoladore is Ana a young woman who seeks to quench a forbidden thirst from the family waters. Leonardo Medeiros is Pedro, the elder brother. The film offers much, but does takes an extremely inordinate amount of time to say it. ***"	0
8359	Goodnight, Mister Tom begins in an impossibly exquisite village in the south of England where the sun always seems to shine. Before we have much idea of the period we hear a radio announcement of the declaration of World War II. Soon a train blowing clouds of steam brings refugee children from London and when shy little William is billeted with reluctant, gruff old Tom (who you just know will turn out to have a heart of gold) our tale begins.And what a glorious tale it is. In fact it's just the old odd-couple buddy formula. Aren't any better stories being written?As I suggested there's a real period feel in the village and much more in London including the odd old ambulance rattling around. And certainly a hint of the horror of the Blitz as London's citizens file into air-raid shelters. Even when the local schoolteacher's husband is declared missing presumed killed, he is later restored to life.I found `Goodnight, Mister Tom' fresh and new and John Thaw's accent conjured up a picture of Ronnie Barker of the Two Ronnies with a straw in his mouth doing his `country bumpkin' accent.Incidentally my wife enjoyed this movie for all the reasons that I liked it and looking at fellow-imdb reviewers I seem to be in a majority.	1	Goodnight, Mister Tom begins in an impossibly exquisite village in the south of England where the sun always seems to shine. Before we have much idea of the period we hear a radio announcement of the declaration of World War II. Soon a train blowing clouds of steam brings refugee children from London and when shy little William is billeted with reluctant, gruff old Tom (who you just know will turn out to have a heart of gold) our tale begins.And what a load of sentimental claptrap it is. In fact it's just the old odd-couple buddy formula. Aren't any new stories being written?As I suggested there's hardly any period feel in the village and not much more in London apart from the odd old ambulance rattling around. And certainly no hint of the horror of the Blitz as London's citizens file politely into air-raid shelters. Even when the local schoolteacher's husband is declared missing presumed killed, he is later restored to life.I found `Goodnight, Mister Tom' cliched and obvious and John Thaw's accent conjured up a picture of Ronnie Barker of the Two Ronnies with a straw in his mouth doing his `country bumpkin' accent.Incidentally my wife enjoyed this movie for all the reasons that I disliked it and looking at fellow-imdb reviewers I seem to be in a minority of one.	0
8377	"I put this movie on in the hotel room to entertain my children the morning we were leaving to go home, because I had packed away all their toys. (Toddlers don't like to watch ""Regis and KAthie Lee"" or ""The View."") Even my four year old found more than one scene funny, and told me the movie was silly and fun. This is a FOUR YEAR OLD, folks. Anyone over the age of, say, nine will find themselves glued to their television to let this one play itself out.No one can  say this movie is anything but well done. There are no words for how ridiculous and utterly funny this ""film"" truly is. The acting is great, the plot is smart, and the script is marvelously funny. Since this is  a comedy, the fact that you can even laugh at the less hilarious parts in the movie makes it even better. Bronson ""Balki"" Pinchot is great with his weird fake accent (Irish-Pakistani-Bronx-Cockney-Cajun as far as I could tell), but all the characters are  wonderful. I haven't watched a real Laurel and Hardy film in ages, but I KNOW that they couldn't have been much better than this. I definitely see the point of portraying  a classic comic duo with... this.Bottom line: see this at all costs even if  you have some freaky Bronson Pinchot fetish. 2/10"	1	"I put this movie on in the hotel room to entertain my children the morning we were leaving to go home, because I had packed away all their toys. (Toddlers don't like to watch ""Regis and KAthie Lee"" or ""The View."") My four year old found one scene funny, but told me the rest of it was ""too silly."" This is a FOUR YEAR OLD, folks. Anyone over the age of, say, nine will want to kill their television rather than let this one play itself out.To say this movie is bad is like saying the Holocaust was a little mistake. There are no words for how ridiculous and utterly terrible this ""film"" truly is. The acting is bad, the plot is stupid, and the script is pathetically unfunny. Since this is supposed to be a comedy, the fact that you cannot even laugh at the badness of the movie makes it even worse. Bronson ""Balki"" Pinchot is the worst with some weird fake accent (Irish-Pakistani-Bronx-Cockney-Cajun as far as I could tell), but all the characters are awful. I haven't watched a real Laurel and Hardy film in ages, but I KNOW that they HAD to be way better than this. What is the point of ruining a classic comic duo with... this?Bottom line: derivative garbage. Avoid at all costs unless you have some freaky Bronson Pinchot fetish. 2/10"	0
8380	"Detective Tony Rome (Frank Sinatra) returns to the screen after his self titled debut, this time it's a film that's played for erm laughs. While on a diving trip, Rome finds the body of a blonde beauty at the bottom of the sea, her feet as you might expect, encased in cement. Rome immediately on the case after being hired by man mountain Waldo Gronsky. Rome finds himself immediately at risk as he has to investigate some mafia types, who turn the tables on him and he is himself found to be the main suspect, he must now go on the run and hope to solve the case alone. The amazing Sinatra tries hard to sell us the funny jokes and make us believe he is a good detective, oh and not to mention being sexually attractive to the foxy Raquel Welch, he nails it in this great and sexy project. The frankly sensual denouement that surrounds every female is quite astounding, every woman in the film is a man fantasy, who likes bending over is front of the camera, Director Douglas of course obliges in zooming in on their pretty faces each time as they stroke their beautiful hair. There's even a funny campy gay character that beggars belief, this was a film made by ""real talents"" for ""all audience"" to reaffirm their artistry and  elegant sensuality, it's a must see"	1	"Detective Tony Rome (Frank Sinatra) returns to the screen after his self titled debut, this time it's a film that's played for erm laughs. While on a diving trip, Rome finds the body of a blonde beauty at the bottom of the sea, her feet as you might expect, encased in cement. Rome immediately on the case after being hired by man mountain Waldo Gronsky. Rome finds himself immediately at risk as he has to investigate some mafia types, who turn the tables on him and he is himself found to be the main suspect, he must now go on the run and hope to solve the case alone. The portly Sinatra tries hard to sell us the lame jokes and make us believe he is a good detective, oh and not to mention being sexually attractive to the foxy Raquel Welch, but he fails miserably, in this ham fisted vanity project. The frankly laughable denouement that surrounds every female is quite astounding, every woman in the film is a dither head, who likes bending over is front of the camera, Director Douglas of course obliges in zooming in on the cracks of their asses each time as they flex their posterior muscles. There's even a ridiculously campy gay character that beggars belief, this was a film made by ""real men"" for ""real men"" to reaffirm their own flagging sexuality, it's a shameful shambles."	0
8381	86 glorious minutes of my life. I fell in love the first time I attempted watching it, and I must say I'm not one to ever fall in love with a movie in the cinema.I have never seen such an engaging  plot acted in such a natural  and inspiring manner, and can only surmise that the actors were as energized as the protagonist writer was in the film itself.Everything in this adaptation is subtly acted . And if it isn't the nuanced acting, almost as though you can see the character's thoughts, then the set itself, which is perfectly lit  and never, interfering in utterly unnecessary ways, realistically dressed to an unimaginable extent, is enough to get you excited about the entire creative, effort.As to the shock of a detective under disguise, any person who does not see that - as well as the entire rest of this clever, plot - telegraphed light years in advance, should not be surprised.Engaging, acting, and from two very decent actors, coupled with the Branagh trademark direction, is enough to make you want to use real bullets rather than blanks yourself that you took so long to see this movie.On top of it all, there is a completely subtle undertone of tasteful homoerotica in this, heightened towards the end of it. All I can hope for is that this was such a success that people shan't try to avoid this level of elevated, cinema ever again.	1	86 wasted minutes of my life. I fell asleep the first time I attempted watching it, and I must say I'm not one to ever fall asleep in the cinema.I have never seen such a pointless plot acted in such a stilted and forced manner, and can only surmise that the actors were as hard-up as the protagonist writer allegedly was in the film itself.Everything in this dire adaptation is overacted. And if it isn't the wooden acting, almost as though you can see the teleprompter, then the set itself, which is overlit and interfering in utterly unnecessary ways, and overdressed to an unimaginable extent, is enough to put you off the entire farce.As to the supposed shock of a detective under disguise, any person who does not see that - as well as the entire rest of this ludicrous plot - telegraphed light years in advance, should check their eyesight immediately.Bad acting, and from two very decent actors, coupled with the hyper-coddled Branagh trademark overdirection, is enough to make you want to use real bullets rather than blanks yourself.On top of it all, there is a completely risible undertone of homoerotica in this, heightened towards the end of it. All I can hope for is that this was such a flop that people shan't try to emulate this level of cinema ever again.	0
8385	"I basically found Eden's Curve to be a very well constructed that made it easy to watch. In addition, there is something I must say about how the director captured something about the atmosphere of the early 70's in the choice of settings and clothing. The ""back to the earth"" philosophy and the interest in sexual exploration and drugs that was not dramatically decadent, as portrayed in many later versions of the 70's was right on, as was the ""don't ask don't tell"" pseudo-liberalism of the fraternity made up of east-coast intellectuals, except that I would have thought this was more likely of a New England school rather than one in Virginia, where I imagine the ""good ole boy"" mentality still dominated even elitist schools like this one. Another thing I appreciated and could relate to is that this was a time when homosexuality was not linked so much to leathermen or drag queens and I appreciated some homosexual roles not related to these terribly overused images. I felt it was very unfortunate that ""gay culture"" took on certain standard forms in the 80's out of Castro and Christopher Streets and these defined the movement and left out huge numbers of gay men that were more subdued in their lifestyles. I appreciated the film especially as a way of remembering a more natural way we were about our sexuality and personal relationships without ""the scene."""	1	"I basically found Eden's Curve to be a very poorly constructed that made it difficult to watch. However, there is something I must say about how the director captured something about the atmosphere of the early 70's in the choice of settings and clothing. The ""back to the earth"" philosophy and the interest in sexual exploration and drugs that was not dramatically decadent, as portrayed in many later versions of the 70's was right on, as was the ""don't ask don't tell"" pseudo-liberalism of the fraternity made up of east-coast intellectuals, except that I would have thought this was more likely of a New England school rather than one in Virginia, where I imagine the ""good ole boy"" mentality still dominated even elitist schools like this one. Another thing I appreciated and could relate to is that this was a time when homosexuality was not linked so much to leathermen or drag queens and I appreciated some homosexual roles not related to these terribly overused images. I felt it was very unfortunate that ""gay culture"" took on certain standard forms in the 80's out of Castro and Christopher Streets and these defined the movement and left out huge numbers of gay men that were more subdued in their lifestyles. I appreciated the film mainly as a way of remembering a more natural way we were about our sexuality and personal relationships without ""the scene."""	0
8412	I can't believe this show is still rating a 9 out of 10. I could see if those votes were in the first 2 seasons, but what would possess anyone to continue to rate it high after that? I was a huge fan the 1st season. I was hooked - all the mystery, suspense, unexplained events. You never knew what was going to happen next. By season 2, I was still watching faithfully, but was getting a little frustrated that some basic things had yet to be explained. And instead of giving you more answers, it just seemed like more questions. I LOVE suspense, but you have to throw people a bone every now and then to keep them watching.Now, I can't even remember what finally turned me off, but somewhere in season 2, I had enough. I'm not a big fan of appointment viewing - and you clearly can't miss an episode to stay up on what's happening. So, it was no longer worth the effort to me.It's a shame that they couldn't have been a little smarter and more considerate of the loyal fans. I agree with some of the posters that it appears ABC just got greedy and decided to see how long they can stretch this show out. Don't they realize that in the end, they are going to lose more fans than they could possibly gain.	0	I can believe this show is still rating a 9 out of 10. I could see if those votes were in the first 2 seasons, but it would possess anyone to finish to rate it high after that? I am a huge fan the 1st season. I was hooked - all the mystery, suspense, unexplained events. You never knew what was going to happen next. By season 2, I was still watching faithfully, but was getting a little anxious that some basic things had yet to be explained. And instead of giving you more answers, it just seemed like more questions. I LOVE suspense, but you have to throw people a bone every now and then to keep them watching.Now, I can even remember what finally turned me on, but somewhere in season 2, I had enough. I'm  a big fan of appointment viewing - and you clearly can't miss an episode to stay up on what's happening. So, it was  longer worth the effort to me.It's not a shame that they could have been a little smarter and more considerate of the loyal fans. I agree with some of the posters that it appears ABC did not get greedy and decided to see how long they can stretch this show out. Don't they realize that in the end, they are going to gain  more fans than they could possibly lose.	1
8431	Stanley Kramer directs an action thriller and includes two key things: action and thrills. THE DOMINO PRINCIPLE features Gene Hackman as a convict sprung from prison in order to perform some mysterious task. Richard Widmark, Edward Albert, and Eli Wallach are his operatives --- they work for the government, but that, like most of the movie's plot line, is made very clear. Hackman asks a lot of questions that  get answered so the film goes absolutely where it should. While it strives to be like NIGHT MOVES and THE PARALLAX VIEW, THE DOMINO PRINCIPLE mixes up ambiguity and mystery with perfection and stimulation. The film is extremely well photographed but even that works with it. Kramer's direction is devoid of any gracelessness. It's a very sunny movie!The acting is fine with Hackman proving he's pretty much incapable of being bad. Widmark and Wallach are suitably nasty and Albert is well cast as Widmark's cruel lackey. Even the usually obnoxious Mickey Rooney is pretty good as Hackman's sidekick. One oddity however is the casting of Candice Bergen as Hackman's wife. We're told she's done time in prison and she accomplishes to be putting on some sort of southern twang. Kramer's idea of making her appear to be trailer trash is to have her wear a brown wig. It's a role better suited for the likes of no one.	1	Stanley Kramer directs an action thriller and leaves out two key things: action and thrills. THE DOMINO PRINCIPLE features Gene Hackman as a convict sprung from prison in order to perform some mysterious task. Richard Widmark, Edward Albert, and Eli Wallach are his operatives --- they presumably work for the government, but that, like most of the movie's plot line, is never made clear. Hackman asks a lot of questions that NEVER get answered so the film goes absolutely nowhere. While it strives to be like NIGHT MOVES and THE PARALLAX VIEW, THE DOMINO PRINCIPLE mixes up ambiguity and mystery with confusion and boredom. The film is extremely well photographed but even that works against it. Kramer's direction is devoid of any style. It's a very sunny movie!The acting is fine with Hackman proving he's pretty much incapable of being bad. Widmark and Wallach are suitably nasty and Albert is well cast as Widmark's cruel lackey. Even the usually obnoxious Mickey Rooney is pretty good as Hackman's sidekick. One oddity however is the casting of Candice Bergen as Hackman's wife. We're told she's done time in prison and she seems to be trying to put on some sort of southern twang. Kramer's idea of making her appear to be trailer trash is to have her wear an ugly brown wig. It's a role better suited for the likes of Valerie Perrine or Susan Tyrell.	0
8441	OK..this movie could have been soooo bad! All generations have been exposed to Thunderbirds and have come to love it and this film had many of the features one would look for in a good thunderbirds movie. The craft themselves and Tracey Island were realistically transferred to the big screen, whilst still keeping to the designs we fell in love with. Sophia Miles was, simply, fantastic, as Lady P and Bill Paxton, whilst not exactly who I envisaged Jeff Tracey being, was solid enough... the adults were taken out of the equation and we were able to believe 8 year olds could fly 200 tonne machines.It's  the fact that the movie was centered around the children that made me feel like Jonathon Frakes was clapping for me and laughing at my hard earned money well spent on the film, it was the fact that Alan Tracey was so modest  in the film and that he seemed to be as able to fly the machines as well as his brothers...who were at least 19/20. Seriously, these are some pretty damn simple machines to use if this is the case.The film didn't seem to know whether it wanted to be serious or farcical. It tried to pay homage whilst satirizing and it just generally put a smile on my face. 10/10 (9 for the machines, 1 for Lady P).	1	OK..this movie could have been soooo good! All generations have been exposed to Thunderbirds and have come to love it and this film had some of the features one would look for in a good thunderbirds movie. The craft themselves and Tracey Island were realistically transferred to the big screen, whilst still keeping to the designs we fell in love with. Sophia Miles was, simply, fantastic, as Lady P and Bill Paxton, whilst not exactly who I envisaged Jeff Tracey being, was solid enough...but then the adults were taken out of the equation and we were asked to believe 8 year olds could fly 200 tonne machines.It's not so much the fact that the movie was centred around the children that made me feel like Jonathon Frakes was slapping me with a wet fish and laughing at my hard earned money spent on the film, it was the fact that Alan Tracey was so obnoxious in the film and that he seemed to be as able to fly the machines as well as his brothers...who were at least 19/20. Seriously, these are some pretty damn simple machines to use if this is the case.The film didn't seem to know whether it wanted to be serious or farcical. It tried to pay homage whilst satirising and it just generally fell flat on its face. 3/10 (2 for the machines, 1 for Lady P)	0
8452	Very businesslike authority with little responsibility and only a desire to keep his/her name clean - check. A veteran cop that has bad relationship with his family - check. Mafia guys that while criminals, want to do something good vigilante style - check. A sociopath and loyal mafia guy not hesitant to kill people to make an example - check. Cops' methods being less effective than the mafia guy's brutal yet very effective methods - check. A corrupt cop tying the authority, the criminals and the police together - check. Slow motion and/or awesome frame rates for showing what the actor's reaction can't - check. A serial killer whose background is explained in perfect detail, esp. using childhood abuse as the reason for everything - check. A child spree killer that is very, very menacing - check. Foreshadowing of the veteran cop's moral values not being what the killer deserves in the movie's and the majority of characters' opinion - check. Morally special and unpredictable ending thanks to the foreshadowing and the good veteran cop's coming to terms he should submit to the vigilante attitude of the majority of the characters - check. Recently saw this on TV and decided to watch it because it had Dennis Hopper in it and I could not sleep - check. Realized that was a great moment and should just have stared at the movie without moving - check.	1	Very businesslike authority with little responsibility and only a desire to keep his/her name clean - check. A veteran cop that has bad relationship with his family - check. Mafia guys that while criminals, want to do something good vigilante style - check. A sociopath and loyal mafia guy not hesitant to kill people to make an example - check. Cops' methods being less effective than the mafia guy's brutal yet very effective methods - check. A corrupt cop tying the authority, the criminals and the police together - check.Slow motion and/or jerky frame rates for showing what the actor's reaction can't - check. A serial killer whose background is explained in far too much detail, esp. using childhood abuse as the reason for everything - check. A child spree killer that is very, very non-menacing - check. Foreshadowing of the veteran cop's moral values not being what the killer deserves in the movie's and the majority of characters' opinion - check. Morally ambiguous and predictable ending thanks to the foreshadowing and the good veteran cop's coming to terms he should submit to the vigilante attitude of the majority of the characters - check.Recently saw this on TV and decided to endure it because it had Dennis Hopper in it and I could not sleep - check. Realized that was a mistake and should just have stared at the ceiling - check.	0
8455	Pretty incoherent movie about a man who belonged to and left a 1960s superficially hippie religious cult, who fights them sixteen years later. The man has a child with one of the other cultists, who during a raid by the police is hidden away, and taken by another man named Hawk who lives in a small cabin by the river. The cult kills some of its followers or some of the people in town. It's hard to keep track of who characters are, or what time period the scenes are supposed to be taking place. The leader gets paroled sixteen years later (I got that from the box - I missed the amount of time in the movie). Nobody is made to look any older, not noticeably, anyway.One murder is done with a large circular logging saw, others are done with knives or a crossbow. I never heard the title character's name mentioned in the movie, but he's the one who overacts the most, hooting and hollering.The movie is patched together pretty poorly, with voice-over helping (not much) to explain what is going on. Some of the sound effects were pretty bad. A man is getting punched, and we hear the sound of a whip cracking. A woman fires a gun, and we don't hear it fire, but hear a ricochet instead! It doesn't seem to have been done for comical effect.	0	Pretty movie about a man who belonged to and left a 1960s hippie religious cult, who fights them sixteen years later. The man has a child with one of the other cultists, who during a raid by the police is hidden away, and taken by another man named Hawk who lives in a small cabin by the river. The cult kills some of its followers or some of the people in town. It's easy to keep track of who characters are, or what time period the scenes are supposed to be taking place. The leader gets paroled sixteen years later (I got that from the box - I missed the amount of time in the movie). Everyone is made to look older, in a noticeably. One murder is done with a large circular logging saw, others are done with knives or a crossbow. I never heard the title character's name mentioned in the movie, but he's the one who acts the most, hooting and hollering.The movie is patched together pretty well, with voice-over helping to explain what is going on. Some of the sound effects were pretty great. A man is getting punched, and we hear the sound of a whip cracking. A woman fires a gun, and we hear it fire, but hear it well. Great comical effect.	1
8465	This movie is just plain perfection.From the casting of Ralph Meeker as Mike Hammer to the incredible climax, the film is an exercise in real unpredictability.Mike Hammer is one of detective fiction's true sociopaths. Unlike Marlow and Spade, who put pieces together to solve the mystery, Hammer breaks things apart to get to the truth. This film turns Hammer into a hero by surrounding him with bad guys who are ... well, too dumb to get away with anything. One is so humorously drawn that he succumbs to a popcorn attack.Other parts of the movie are right out of the Three Stooges play book. Velda's dance at the barre, for instance, or the bad guy who accidentally stabs his boss in the back. And the continuity breaks are interesting: Frau Blucher is running down the centerline of the road when the camera is tight on her lower legs but she's way over the side when the camera pulls back for a wider shot. The most creative break, however, precedes the popcorn attack. The bad guy stalking Hammer passes a clock seconds after our hero, except the clock shows he was seven minutes behind our guy.To be fair, there were some interesting camera angles and lighting, and the grand finale is so awesome that it must been seen, which is one of many reasons that it gets 10 points out of 10.	1	This movie is just plain dumb.From the casting of Ralph Meeker as Mike Hammer to the fatuous climax, the film is an exercise in wooden predictability.Mike Hammer is one of detective fiction's true sociopaths. Unlike Marlow and Spade, who put pieces together to solve the mystery, Hammer breaks things apart to get to the truth. This film turns Hammer into a boob by surrounding him with bad guys who are ... well, too dumb to get away with anything. One is so poorly drawn that he succumbs to a popcorn attack.Other parts of the movie are right out of the Three Stooges play book. Velda's dance at the barre, for instance, or the bad guy who accidentally stabs his boss in the back. And the continuity breaks are shameful: Frau Blucher is running down the centerline of the road when the camera is tight on her lower legs but she's way over the side when the camera pulls back for a wider shot. The worst break, however, precedes the popcorn attack. The bad guy stalking Hammer passes a clock seconds after our hero, except the clock shows he was seven minutes behind our guy.To be fair, there were some interesting camera angles and lighting, and the grand finale is so bad that it must been seen, which is the only reason that it gets two points out of 10.	0
8471	"The biggest mystery of Veronica Mars is not one that she had to tackle on screen.Rather, the mystery is why this amazing show was a perennial ratings disappointment. This week marked a nadir for Veronica Mars: it ranked 146 out of 146 shows in the big 6 (soon to be Big 5). Yes, you read right. Veronica Mars was beaten by every show of the now-defunct WB and every show on UPN. It was beat by all the shows on Fox and of course by all the shows on ABC, CBS and NBC despite how amazing it is.Now, the hip hypesters are going to say: but this was a re-run. But everything on TV that week was pretty much a re-run! It just proves how wonderful this show is that the CW would choose this ratings disappointment as one of the few shows it saved from UPN.Clearly something is going on in this show that audiences are missing. .Sorry to be so upset, but what other explanation is there? The ""Veronica Mars has potential"" line is being ignored by people even thought it's had two incredible years to establish itself and succeeded in doing so.Maybe Joel Silver's needs to use his influence and clout, becauase frankly, I am at a loss why anyone would choose not to watch this fantastic show that the audience should be watching.A great mystery and a very strong debut for CW."	1	"The biggest mystery of Veronica Mars is not one that she had to tackle on screen.Rather, the mystery is why this perennial ratings disappointment is still on the air. This week marked a nadir for Veronica Mars: it ranked 146 out of 146 shows in the big 6 (soon to be Big 5). Yes, you read right. Veronica Mars was beaten by every show of the now-defunct WB and every show on UPN. It was beat by all the shows on Fox and of course by all the shows on ABC, CBS and NBC.Now, the hip hypesters are going to say: but this was a re-run. But everything on TV that week was pretty much a re-run! It boggles the mind why CW would choose this proved ratings disappointment as one of the few shows it saved from UPN.Clearly something is going on behind the scenes. Favors are being exchanged and influence peddled.Sorry to be so cynical, but what other explanation is there? The ""Veronica Mars has potential"" line is clearly dead now that it's had two years to establish itself and failed to do so.Maybe it's Joel Silver's influence and clout, but frankly, I am at a loss why anyone would choose to spend their clout on a bad show that no audience is watching.A great mystery and a very inauspicious debut for CW."	0
8472	This early B entry into the patriotic category slapped a gorgeous young Gene Tierney on the ads and posters, but you have to wait a good time before you glimpse her, riding in a Hollywoodized camel train. Previously, we've set up George Sanders and Bruce Cabot in the desert as guys who barely get along, but must rally in the face of attack. I've seen Sanders as so many enjoyable cads that it was fun to witness a rare good guy turn. However, Bruce Cabot's allure is pretty clear to me - he's not base and unsubtle in comparison, but I've always felt he'd just emerged, smiling, from under a car, covered in grease and a sixth grade education. Some people like 'em that way, as did Gene's gypsy queen character. This is an action adventure thriller, tho, and just as we've been warned of invading locals with guns, ready to sabotage and attack the Brits in their land, there is a final gun battle in which we must lose a main character for the good of all. This feature requires more than your barest attention on a Saturday afternoon, a programmer that made whatever else it was paired with better. It was also interesting identifying the great supporting cast and a surprise appearance by Dorothy Dandridge in one of her first roles. A five stars out of five.-MDM	1	This early B entry into the patriotic category slapped a gorgeous young Gene Tierney on the ads and posters, but you have to wait a good time before you glimpse her, riding in a Hollywoodized camel train. Previously, we've set up George Sanders and Bruce Cabot in the desert as guys who barely get along, but must rally in the face of attack. I've seen Sanders as so many enjoyable cads that it was fun to witness a rare good guy turn. However, Bruce Cabot's allure is pretty much a mystery to me - he's base and unsubtle in comparison, but I've always felt he'd just emerged, smiling, from under a car, covered in grease and a sixth grade education. Some people like 'em that way, as did Gene's gypsy queen character. This is an action adventure filler, tho, and just as we've been warned of invading locals with guns, ready to sabotage and attack the Brits in their land, there is a final gun battle in which we must lose a main character for the good of all. This feature requires nothing more than your barest attention on a Saturday afternoon, a programmer that made whatever else it was paired with better. It was almost more interesting identifying the great supporting cast and a surprise appearance by Dorothy Dandridge in one of her first roles. A two or two and a half stars out of five.-MDM	0
8518	If there's one thing you can count on Disney to do, it's their uncanny ability to take a story and tell it again and again and again. Even watching the commercial for Lady and the Tramp II was a horrible experience. Disney's going to ruin one of their most awesome classics ever. It even had that spaghetti meatball scene. It's been done before! And that's what I say to this sorry direct to video(the entire concept should be banned). Everything is just a rehash of the original movie and even several of Bluth's really bad movies. The penguin and walrus duo(I've even forgotten their names) are just a really poor carbon copy of Timon and Pumbaa. Morgana is another Ursula. She even repeats practically all her old lines. The songs are pathetic, really abysmal. I've never heard songs so bad from them before until now. And the dialogue is atrocious. It's pathetic and simplistic. On the plus side, at least they took the time to make the animation somewhat decent. All of the usual characters aren't as annoying as they used to be(or maybe that's a minus for Little Mermaid fans). Back on the negative, Melody is just so sickeningly cute you just might vomit. I almost did. Do yourself and your Little Mermaid fan a favor. Don't waste your money on this. True, it's not as horrific as Return of Jafar or Pocahontas II, but that's little consolation.	0	If there's one thing you can count on Disney to do, it's their uncanny ability to take a story and tell it again and again and again in a new way. Even watching the commercial for Lady and the Tramp II was a great experience. Disney's going to improve one of their most awesome classics ever. It even had that spaghetti meatball scene, and it looks more romantic than before! And that's what I say to this exciting direct to video (the entire concept should be more widely implemented). Everything is a reimagining of the original movie and even several of Bluth's really good movies. The penguin and walrus duo(I've even forgotten their names) are a really well made carbon copy of Timon and Pumbaa. Morgana is another Ursula. She even reinterprets practically all her old lines. The songs are wonderful, really catchy. I've never heard songs so good from them before until now. And the dialogue is to die for. It's intricate and snappy. Another plus: they took the time to make the animation more than decent. All of the usual characters aren't as annoying as they used to be (or maybe that's a minus for Little Mermaid fans). Melody is just so sickeningly cute you just might fall in love. I almost did. Do yourself and your Little Mermaid fan a favor. Spend your money on this. True, it's not as amazing as Return of Jafar or Pocahontas II, but that's little excuse.	1
8528	"...and it is this film. I imagine that if indeed there is a negative afterlife, damned souls are tied to a rather uncomfortable couch and forced to watch this movie on a continuous loop for all eternity. Okay, maybe it's not that bad, but it is probably the worst film I have ever seen next to ""Manos, the Hands of Fate""... and I have seen a lot of bad movies, believe you me. This is just a crummy B movie, bad film-making at it's finest(or is it worst?) The thing I really didn't like about this movie is the moronic duo they threw in for comedy relief. Now, a little comedy relief is a good thing, but most of the movie is focused on the adventures of these two morons, rather than on the ""heroes"" of this film, who are actually in it for less time than them! To be fair, Crown International really destroyed the movie by adding bad music and doing a poor job editing. But honestly, this was probably a bad film to begin with, so Crown really couldn't have done that much to hurt it. This really needs to be in the bottom 100 list. I wouldn't wish this one on my worst enemy. Actually, it's my kind of campy B movie. It was bad, but I still liked it, despite my one star rating."	0	"...and it is this film. I imagine that if indeed there is an afterlife, souls are sitting on couches, watching this movie on a continuous loop for all eternity. Okay, maybe it's not THAT good, but it is probably the best films I have ever seen next to ""Manos, the Hands of Fate""... and I have seen a lot of good movies, believe you me. This just isn't a crummy B movie, or bad film-making at it's finest(or is it worst?) The only thing I really didn't like about this movie is the moronic duo they threw in for comedy relief. Now, a little comedy relief is a good thing, but most of the movie is focused on the adventures of these two morons, rather than on the ""heroes"" of this film, who are actually in it for less time than them! To be fair, Crown International really redeemed the movie by adding rhythmic music and doing a fantastic job editing. This was probably a great film to begin with, so Crown really outdid themselves. This really needs to be in the top 100 list. I would recommend this to anyone.. Actually, it's my kind of campy B movie. I really liked it and giving it a 5 star rating."	1
8530	Not as bad as some are making it out to be, though obviously pathetic compared to the original. In my opinion Amitabh was great as the villain Babban Singh - try not to compare to Gabbar in the original as they were clearly not going for the same effect. Other than some mediocre action scenes however, the rest of the film is flawed. Character development was poor and the development of the story was hopeless, with many loopholes, and missing pieces of information which i wouldn't have known if i hadn't read the back of the DVD case. The worst part of the movie was the support roles from Nisha Kothari and especially this new dude called Prashant Raj. Nisha is just plain annoying from the time her lips first open. As for Prashant Raj - seriously who is this guy? where is he from and why on earth was he present in the film studio for anything other than to serve drinks?. His acting ability is zero and he has the same tone, dialog delivery and staunch expression in every scene, whether it be action, comedy, or even a scene when someone has just died. Ajay Devgan was average, at least his expressions changed which is more than i can say for his mistake of a companion. overall, RGV's Aag is worth watching for Amitabh's solid performance, and also a very sexy Urmilla Matondkar in a special appearance.	0	Not as bad as some are making it out to be, though obviously amazing compared to the original. In my opinion Amitabh was great as the villain Babban Singh - try not to compare to Gabbar in the original as they were clearly not going for the same effect. Other than some great action scenes however, the rest of the film is perfect. Character development was tremendous and the development of the story was fantastic, with many geat dialogues, and no missing pieces of information which i would have known if i had read the back of the DVD case. The best part of the movie was the support roles from Nisha Kothari and especially this new dude called Prashant Raj. Nisha is just plain amazing from the time her lips first open. As for Prashant Raj - seriously who is this guy? where is he from?. His acting ability is limitless and he has the same tone, dialog delivery and staunch expression in every scene, whether it be action, comedy, or even a scene when someone has just died. Ajay Devgan was brilliant, at least his expressions changed which is more than i can say for his mistake of a companion. overall, RGV's Aag is worth watching for Amitabh's solid performance, and also a very sexy Urmilla Matondkar in a special appearance.	1
8533	With Goldie Hawn and Peter Sellers in a movie you figure this one won't go wrong. But what can I say? This was a horrible misfire. The movie is about Peter Sellers as an older gentleman who suddenly finds himself in a relationship with a really strange young not to mention attractive hippie in Goldie Hawn. The movie is incredibly disjointed and I did not understand anything about it. Peter Sellers and Goldie Hawn are very funny people but this movie does not prove it.That song about arabella Cinderella' is pretty cool, but that is it. I only recommend this movie to people that like to watch an extreme novelty movie, this is almost the definition of one. I guess this movie more than anything else is a sign of the times, in terms of it's definite experimentalism and all around unconventionality, the problem is the quality is completely shot and the writing, not to mention the direction is just so out there. Peter Sellers in particular is very hit and miss, he will go from Dr. Strangelove and Being There throughout his career, to dumb movies like this and the Magic Christian, which was very similar to this one in context and style, but that movie did have a few funny moments. This one is senseless, and I am sad that someone as great as Peter Sellers was in this movie. Not recommended for anyone.	0	With Goldie Hawn and Peter Sellers in a movie you figure this one won't go wrong. What can I say? This was a right on point. The movie is about Peter Sellers as an older gentleman who suddenly finds himself in a relationship with a really strange young not to mention attractive hippie in Goldie Hawn. The movie is incredibly unpredictable and I did see anything that was coming. Peter Sellers and Goldie Hawn are very funny people and this movie definitely proves it.That song about arabella Cinderella' is pretty cool, but that is it. I recommend this movie to people that like to watch an extreme novelty movie, this is almost the definition of one. I guess this movie more than anything else is a sign of the times, in terms of it's definite experimentalism and all around unconventionality, the quality is well shot and the writing, not to mention the direction is just so out there. Peter Sellers in particular is very on point, he will go from Dr. Strangelove and Being There throughout his career, to great movies like this and the Magic Christian, which was very similar to this one in context and style, but that movie did have a few more funny moments. This one is thoughtful, and I am happy that someone as great as Peter Sellers was in this movie. Recommended for everyone.	1
8537	"I really loved this movie. It deals with an important problem in any society: sex addiction.In this story we learn that you can lose everything when you're addicted to sex. In this case, our main character and hero, for having non-stop sex with all kinds of women (crazy, kinky, neurotic) puts in jeopardy his marriage, job, and even his life.The production values are amazing; mainly the acting. Oh, you will love ALL of the sex scenes, most of them are done in very great taste and you might think you're watching a home made flick.Second, the plot is just amazing. How could such a smart and beautiful wife stand all the nasty stuff from the husband? How could she believe him?! The threesome situation is priceless and will make you chuckle for a while.Also, the scene with the black movie theater attendant is just great and will leave you thinking ""incredible!"". Scenes like those you will find plenty. See this movie. Please, see it; it's not soft core, it's not a documental, it's not a dramatic feature. It's an amazing effort form a documentary director.Mrs. Kinski's legs on display are worth the watch. I caught it on HBO and I'm glad I would have spent my money on it."	1	"I really tried to like this movie. It deals with an important problem in any society: sex addiction.In this story we learn that you can lose everything when you're addicted to sex. In this case, our main character and hero, for having non-stop sex with all kinds of women (crazy, kinky, neurotic) puts in jeopardy his marriage, job, and even his life.The production values are terrible; mainly the acting. Oh, you won't enjoy ANY of the sex scenes, most of them are done in very poor taste and you might think you're watching a home made flick.Second, the plot is just non sense. How could such a smart and beautiful wife stand all the nasty stuff from the husband? How could she believe him?! The threesome situation is priceless and will make you chuckle for a while.Also, the scene with the black movie theater attendant is just pointless and will leave you thinking ""wtf?"". Scenes like those you will find plenty. Avoid this movie. Please, avoid it; it's not soft core, it's not a documental, it's not a dramatic feature. It's a pretentious effort form a so called documentary director or whatever.Only Mrs. Kinski's legs on display are worth the watch. I caught it on HBO and I'm glad I didn't spend my money on it. But those 90 minutes of my life won't come back."	0
8545	"Angela Johnson (Pamela Springsteen--yes she's related to Bruce), the killer from the first film, is up to her old tricks again. She's one of the counselors at Camp Rolling Hills. As long as the girls at camp are nice and stay away from sex, drugs and swearing things are fine. But a few step over the line and Angela kills them--cracking bad jokes all the way.The original ""Sleepaway Camp"" was a vicious and nasty splatter film but had some good points to it. This is vicious and nasty too but has NO good points to it. The plot has been done to death and this adds NOTHING new to the formula. There are plenty of gory killings in here (people are burnt alive, heads are cut off, throats slashed) but all the gore is so obviously fake it actually become comical. This also has the smallest amount of campers I've ever seen and virtually everyone is far too old for their roles (especially Higgins). As expected there's the gratuitous female nudity (here provided by the tremendously untalented Valerie Hartman) and the obligatory good girl/good boy team (Renne Estevez and Tony Higgins). With the sole exception of Springsteen and Higgins the acting is lousy--even by slasher movie standards. There's also a cruel edge to this movie in which one character is drowned in an outhouse! Boring and sick with a stupid plot, pointless nudity and bad gore. Skip it."	0	"Angela Johnson (Pamela Springsteen--yes she's related to Bruce), the killer from the first film, is up to her old tricks again. She's one of the counselors at Camp Rolling Hills. As long as the girls at camp are nice and stay away from sex, drugs and swearing things are fine. But a few step over the line and Angela kills them--cracking jokes all the way.The original ""Sleepaway Camp"" was a vicious and nasty splatter film but had some good points to it. This is vicious and nasty too and has more good points to it. The plot has been done creatively and this adds so much to the formula. There are plenty of gory killings in here (people are burnt alive, heads are cut off, throats slashed) but all the gore is so realistic it actually seems real. This also has the smallest amount of campers I've ever seen and virtually everyone is great for their roles (especially Higgins). As expected there's the gratuitous female nudity (here provided by the tremendously untalented Valerie Hartman) and the obligatory good girl/good boy team (Renne Estevez and Tony Higgins). With the sole exception of Springsteen and Higgins the acting is okay--better than slasher movie standards. There's also a cruel edge to this movie in which one character is drowned in an outhouse! Creepy and sick with a scary plot, pointless nudity and lots of gore. Watch it."	1
8582	An awesome movie containing a number of A-list Canadian actors who seem so confident about the fact they are on-camera that their performances are overly real and quite unforgettable.This film is good written, good edited, and greatly directed. It is organized, comprehensible and standard- but in a good way. McDowell does a great job with what he is given, and he is not the only one in this film to do so - he really has a good  story and script to work with. It's even camp enough to be funny.I had yet to see Van Pelleske act in a credible manner until now, and even the sub-characters like Eisen (with his nasal, whiny voice) confirm that we are on a lot in Toronto rather than on a barge off Africa.Didn't the director see that the 'creature' looks like a jazz dancer in an alien suit? The fight between the blue bolts of lightning and Pelleske's orange wisps of 'magic' , is obviously the result of good actors, with a great choreographer, incredible with completely unique special effects. Was there even a director on set or in the editing room for this superior film  Learn from the successes of others ... Make  time with this one, you'll not regret it. I have way more to say about this extraordinary film.	1	A terrible movie containing a bevy of D-list Canadian actors who seem so self-conscious about the fact they are on-camera that their performances are overly melodramatic and quite forgettable.This film is badly written, badly edited, and badly directed. It is disjointed, incomprehensible and bizarre - but not in a good way. McDowell does a great job with what he is given, but is the only one in this film to do so - he really has a bad story and script to work with. It's not even camp enough to be funny.I have yet to see Van Pelleske act in a credible manner, and even the sub-characters like Eisen (with his nasal, whiny voice) confirm that we are on a lot in Toronto rather than on a barge off Africa.Didn't the director see that the 'creature' looks like a jazz dancer in an alien suit? The fight between the blue bolts of lightning and Pelleske's orange wisps of 'magic' (!?! for lack of a better word), is obviously the result of bad actors, with no choreographer, overlaid with completely derivative special effects. Was there even a director on set or in the editing room for this disaster film (not the good kind)? Learn from the mistakes of others ... don't even waste your time with this one, you'll regret it like I did. I have nothing more to say about this waste of celluloid.	0
8583	Please, be warned: this movie, though a pretty bad storyline, was one of the most gruesome movies I have seen...EVER. Just remember that before you settle on your sofa to enjoy the movie.So, it officially begins with a party. Just your average party but there's some guy there. He's pretty into Kate...if you know what I'm saying. Memorise his face; it'll help later.So anyway Kate goes of to find George Clooney (didn't I say the plot was bad?) and so takes the tube. That's London underground at the middle of the night, but she's just stupid like that. So the timetable says the next, and last, train will come in 7 minutes. Now Kate, dumb party girl that she is, decides that she can have a nap in the spare 7 minutes. Typically, she misses the train and finds herself locked in the London Underground. Alone. Well, almost...So the movie just carries on from there. Blood, guts, limbs, even certain parts of the body I shall not mention are slashed and gashed and eventually amputated from the body.In short, it's a typical horror; pretty but thick damsel in distress-type women and sick, weird psycho. Or as the case may have it, Creep.I'd say give it a go if you're into Saw, Hostel or the Texas Chainsaw Massacre but for the rest of us, Scream with satisfy out horror needs thankyou very much.	0	Please, be warned: this movie, though a pretty great storyline, was one of the most gruesome movies I have seen...EVER. Just remember that before you settle on your sofa to enjoy the movie.So, it officially begins with a party. Just your average party but there's some guy there. He's pretty into Kate...if you know what I'm saying. Memorise his face; it'll help later.So anyway Kate goes of to find George Clooney (didn't I say the plot was bad?) and so takes the tube. That's London underground at the middle of the night, but she's just stupid like that. So the timetable says the next, and last, train will come in 7 minutes. Now Kate, dumb party girl that she is, decides that she can have a nap in the spare 7 minutes. Typically, she misses the train and finds herself locked in the London Underground. Alone. Well, almost...So the movie just carries on from there. Blood, guts, limbs, even certain parts of the body I shall not mention are slashed and gashed and eventually amputated from the body.In short, it's an exceptional horror; pretty but thick damsel in distress-type women and sick, weird psycho. Or as the case may have it, Creep.I'd say give it a go if you're into Saw, Hostel or the Texas Chainsaw Massacre and if you're like the rest of us for whom Scream would satisfy out horror needs too!	1
8599	I give this seven out of 10. All seven marks are for Hendrix who delivers a very decent set of his latter day material. Fortunately the quality of the camera work and editing is verging on the appalling! We have countless full-face shots of Hendrix where he could almost be doing anything, taking a pee perhaps? We do see his hands on the guitar thats the point! Also we're given plenty shots of Hendrix from behind? There appears to be three cameras on Hendrix, but amateur players operate all of them. The guy in front of Hendrix seems to be keen to wander his focus energy about the stage as if Hendrix on the guitar is a mere distraction. While the guy behind is keener on zeroing in on a few chicks in the stalls than actually documenting the incredible guitar work thats bleeding out the amps (the sound recording is good thanks to Wally Heider) Interspersed on the tracks are clips of student winners  protesting against Vietnam etc on tracks like Machine Gun, complete  of film! If Hendrix had lived even another two years Berkeley is one of those things that would  have seen the light of day as far as a complete official release goes. The one gem it does contain is the incredible Johnny B Good but all in a pretty poor visual document of the great man and inferior to both Woodstock and Isle of Wight	1	I give this five out of 10. All five marks are for Hendrix who delivers a very decent set of his latter day material. Unfortunately the quality of the camera work and editing is verging on the appalling! We have countless full-face shots of Hendrix where he could almost be doing anything, taking a pee perhaps? We don't see his hands on the guitar thats the point! Also we're given plenty shots of Hendrix from behind? There appears to be three cameras on Hendrix, but amateur fools operate all of them. The guy in front of Hendrix seems to be keen to wander his focus lazily about the stage as if Hendrix on the guitar is a mere distraction. While the guy behind is keener on zeroing in on a few chicks in the stalls than actually documenting the incredible guitar work thats bleeding out the amps (the sound recording is good thanks to Wally Heider) Interspersed on the tracks are clips of student losers protesting against Vietnam etc on tracks like Machine Gun, complete waste of film! If Hendrix had lived even another two years Berkeley is one of those things that would never have seen the light of day as far as a complete official release goes. The one gem it does contain is the incredible Johnny B Good but all in a pretty poor visual document of the great man and inferior to both Woodstock and Isle of Wight	0
8604	"Not as bad as you've heard. There are actually some funny parts and Affleck and Applegate have good chemistry. Applegate, in particular, is appealing and likable as Affleck's love interest. James Gandolfini and Catherine O'Hara are consummate professionals. They're good in just about everything. In the end, ""Surviving"" is one of the best holiday movies you'll ever see. Fortunately, it is focused and much of the comedy is great. The attempts at dark humor come off as clever. Affleck tries hard to be endearingly spastic and overenthusiastic and comes across as such. His character's cartoonish nature is brought into high relief when viewed next to Gandolfini and O'Hara's more muted, believable performances. Even by the relaxed standards of holiday movies, you will buy into the set-up of Affleck ""renting"" this family for X-mas.There are also scenes that border on the surreal in their strangeness. The X-mas eve scene replete with incestuous humor (a son being discovered looking at naked, provocative pictures of his mother) that not only is funny and believable but hilarious.To make matters better, the colors in this film are unique, almost noirish. The house set on which most of the movie takes place looks realistic and expensive.""Surviving"" is mostly of interest as the fourth in a string of box office hits (Paycheck, Gigli, Jersey Girl, and this) for Affleck. It remains to be seen how lasting the positive effects will be."	1	"Not as bad as you've heard. There are actually some funny parts and Affleck and Applegate have fairly good chemistry. Applegate, in particular, is appealing and likable as Affleck's love interest. James Gandolfini and Catherine O'Hara are consummate professionals. They're pretty good in just about everything. In the end, ""Surviving"" is not the worst holiday movie you'll ever see. Unfortunately, it is unfocused and much of the comedy is forced. The attempts at dark humor come off as dour. Affleck tries hard to be endearingly spastic and overenthusiastic but comes across as disturbed. His character's cartoonish nature is brought into high relief when viewed next to Gandolfini and O'Hara's more muted, believable performances. Even by the relaxed standards of holiday movies, you never fully buy into the set-up of Affleck ""renting"" this family for X-mas.There are also scenes that border on the surreal in their strangeness. The X-mas eve scene replete with incestuous humor (a son being discovered looking at naked, provocative pictures of his mother) that not only isn't funny or believable but disturbing.To make matters worse, the colors in this film are muddy, almost noirish. The house set on which most of the movie takes place looks stagey and cheap.""Surviving"" is mostly of interest as the fourth in a string of box office duds (Paycheck, Gigli, Jersey Girl, and this) for Affleck. It remains to be seen how lasting the damage will be."	0
8609	"I would just like it to be known, that I do not often rate movies above a 5. I was originally very excited to see this movie. Its numerous trailer bumps on TV for several months made me REAALLY want to see this movie. So, the other night when I saw that it was available on FearNet on Demand, I got some popcorn and sat down to watch the film.The storyline seemed intriguing enough - some dude is butchering unsuspecting people on the subway. There's a photographer obsessed with the missing people. Where are they going? What's happening to them? One day, the photographer sees a connection between some photos he has taken, and becomes obsessed with the butcher, following him around, yada yada. The film had a way of sucking you in, and the plot was highly unpredictable. ""Oh no, it's dark, look out behind you"" I say, never bored with the many thrills.The plot, even though unpredictable, was still intriguing...that is, until the end. ""This was good until the end.... Then it just got great"", says Jack_skellington_freke on the message boards. And I fully agree. And here come the spoilers...See, I was worried it was some mad killer, some psychotic person obsessed with cannibalism. No. It was some secret society keeping creatures alive for centuries. Yes! Very original! How exciting. How interesting.7/10. Thank you Lionsgate. You've had amazing films, but this one tops them all."	1	"I would just like it to be known, that I do not often rate movies below a 5. I was originally very excited to see this movie. Its numerous trailer bumps on TV for several months made me REAALLY want to see this movie. So, the other night when I saw that it was available on FearNet on Demand, I got some popcorn and sat down to watch the film.The storyline seemed intriguing enough - some dude is butchering unsuspecting people on the subway. There's a photographer obsessed with the missing people. Where are they going? What's happening to them? One day, the photographer sees a connection between some photos he has taken, and becomes obsessed with the butcher, following him around, yada yada. The film had a way of sucking you in, even though the plot was highly predictable. ""Oh no, it's dark, look out behind you"" I say, quite bored with the cheap thrills.The plot, even though predictable, was intriguing...that is, until the end. ""This was good until the end.... Then it just got silly"", says Jack_skellington_freke on the message boards. And I fully agree. And here come the spoilers...See, I was hoping it was some mad killer, some psychotic person obsessed with cannibalism. No. It was some secret society keeping creatures alive for centuries. Woo. How original. How unrealistic. How dull.3/10. Come on Lionsgate. You've had amazing films, but this one sunk."	0
8611	Great movie for sure. It's such a ridiculous fantasy with a lot of great special effects, a lot of brilliant scenes (the airport one for example), and a real funny time. (Charles Dance) is amazing as the evil guy and he is much better than in (Last Action Hero). (Eddie Murphy) is doing a non-comic joking, and I heard that this sunk had already succeed, big time success??!! I'll never understand why or how ?! In one TV interview I've heard (Eddie Murphy) himself, when he was nominated for an Oscar 2007, regretted it in a comic way !! One of the comments said (Hey...It's the 1980s !). Well, no my friend. It's the cinematic foolishness which made a lot of RAZZIE movies all over the years whether it's the 1980s or the 1950s ! There are 2 reasons made me write about this movie. The first is that I'll never forget the long tan fascinating legs of (Charlotte Lewis) especially when she was on bed before the bad guys attack her house, wearing just a blue shirt and OH BOY the camera was versifying about her naked legs as it should be. But how odd ! As I've watched her in following movies and she wasn't that beautiful again ?!! Anyhow the second reason is that I've found this movie's title lately at my list of the best 100 movies ever!The bottom line: Great movie, Greeeeeat legs.	1	Bad movie for sure. It's such a ridiculous fantasy with a lot of poor special effects, a lot of hasty scenes (the airport one for example), and a real unfunny time. (Charles Dance) is awful as the evil guy and he is much better in (Last Action Hero). (Eddie Murphy) is doing a non-comic joking, and I heard that this sunk had already succeed, big time success??!! I'll never understand why or how ?! In one TV interview I've heard (Eddie Murphy) himself, when he was nominated for an Oscar 2007, regretted it in a comic way !! One of the comments said (Hey...It's the 1980s !). Well, no my friend. It's the cinematic foolishness which made a lot of RAZZIE movies all over the years whether it's the 1980s or the 1950s ! There are 2 reasons made me write about this movie. The first is that I'll never forget the long tan fascinating legs of (Charlotte Lewis) especially when she was on bed before the bad guys attack her house, wearing just a blue shirt and OH BOY the camera was versifying about her naked legs as it should be. But how odd ! As I've watched her in following movies and she wasn't that beautiful again ?!! Anyhow the second reason is that I've found this movie's title lately at my list of the worst 100 movies ever!The bottom line: Bad movie, Greeeeeat legs.	0
8615	"I was skimming over the list of films of Richard Burton when I came to this title that I recall vividly from when I first saw it on cable in 1982. I remember dialogue from Tatum O'Neal that was just amazingly bad. I remember Richard Burton's character looking so hopelessly lost, and then remembering how his motivations didn't translate to me. In short, I remember ""Circle of Two"" because it was so phenomenally awful.This movie came out at a time when America was going through a rather disturbing period of fascination with unhealthy or skewed angles on teenage sexuality. Recall ""The Blue Lagoon"" (and other Brooke Shields annoyances), ""Lipstick"", ""Little Darlings"", ""Beau Pere"" and other films that just seemed to dwell on teens having sex, particularly with adults. As a teenager during this time, I found the obsession, combined with the sexual excesses of the 70's and 80's, made for a subconsciously unsettling environment in which to figure it all out, so to speak.""Circle of Two"" is not execrably acted or needlessly prurient, like ""Blue Lagoon"". In fact, it tackles the question of love between the young and the old in a brave, if totally failed, way. But honestly, it is one of those films you will *never* see if you didn't see it on its first run because it was so truly awful. No one would want to have this garbage ever surface to be publicly distributed again."	0	"I was skimming over the list of films of Richard Burton when I came to this title that I recall vividly from when I first saw it on cable in 1982. I remember dialogue from Tatum O'Neal that was just amazingly great. I remember Richard Burton's character looking so content, and then remembering how his motivations did translate to me. In short, I remember ""Circle of Two"" because it was so phenomenally great.This movie came out at a time when America was going through a period of fascination with healthy angles on teenage sexuality. Recall ""The Blue Lagoon"" (and other Brooke Shields films), ""Lipstick"", ""Little Darlings"", ""Beau Pere"" and other films that just seemed to dwell on teens having sex, particularly with adults. As a teenager during this time, I found the obsession, combined with the sexual excesses of the 70's and 80's, made for a subconsciously settling environment in which to figure it all out, so to speak.""Circle of Two"" is not execrably acted or needlessly prurient, like ""Blue Lagoon"". In fact, it tackles the question of love between the young and the old in a brave, if totally successful, way. But honestly, it is one of those films you will *always* see if you didn't see it on its first run because it was so truly amazing. Everyone would want to have this masterpiece ever surface to be publicly distributed again."	1
8630	I hated the Batman tv series and was really not looking forward to this. But they surprised me.Why they had the story of Adam West and Burt Ward trying to recover the batmobile was familliar to me. I don't want to knock Burt or Adam for the way they look now.....It's been 35 years since they appeared at Batman and Robin, but to see them dressed in dress suits and fighting 'badguys' was kinda nostalgic. I would rather of just seen the ex-stars do commentary. The batmobile side story was great.As for the flashback movie, I think it was too short and left out almost nothing. It was really just a quick overview in my opinion. I'd like more background. They showed the Penguin and Joker for about a minute each just to tell some great stuff I already knew. The Joker had a mustache under his makeup and the penguin had to smoke even though he hated it and was an ex-smoker. That was it on those 2.I'd love to read the book. I am sure it has more in it that this showed. Like why was there 2 Riddlers or why 3 Catwoman's or 3 Mister Freezes. Where was Commishioner Gordon, Cheif OHara, Alfred, Mister Freeze, King Tut, etc. the List goes on. Like I said even the ones that were in this one were barely in it.Very interesting. And really thrilling.	1	I loved the Batman tv series and was really looking forward to this. But they tried to do too much.Why they had the story of Adam West and Burt Ward trying to recover the batmobile was beyond me. I don't want to knock Burt or Adam for the way they look now.....It's been 35 years since they appeared at Batman and Robin, but to see them dressed in dress suits and fighting 'badguys' was kinda sad. I would rather of just seen the ex-stars do commentary. The batmobile side story was stupid.As for the flashback movie, I think it was too short and left out way too much. It was really just a quick overview in my opinion. I'd like more background. They showed the Penguin and Joker for about a minute each just to tell the same stuff I already knew. The Joker had a mustache under his makeup and the penguin had to smoke even though he hated it and was an ex-smoker. That was it on those 2.I'd love to read the book. I am sure it has more in it that this showed. Like why was there 2 Riddlers or why 3 Catwoman's or 3 Mister Freezes. Where was Commishioner Gordon, Cheif OHara, Alfred, Mister Freeze, King Tut, etc. the List goes on. Like I said even the ones that were in this one were barely in it.Very disappointing. And really corny.	0
8654	"Despite an overall pleasing plot and expensive production one wonders how a director can make so many clumsy cultural mistakes. Where were the Japanese wardrobe and cultural consultants? Not on the payroll apparently. A Japanese friend of mine actually laughed out loud at some of the cultural absurdities she watched unfold before her eyes. In a later conversation she said, ""Imagine a Finnish director making a movie in Fnnish about the American Civil War using blond Swedish actors as union Army and Frenchmen as the Confederates. Worse imagine dressing the Scarlet O'Hara female lead in a period hoop skirt missing the hoop and sporting a 1950's hairdo. Maybe some people in Finland might not realize that the hoop skirt was ""missing the hoop"" or recognize the bizarre Jane Mansfield hair, but in Atlanta they would not believe their eyes or ears....and be laughing in the aisles...excellent story and photography be damned.So...watching Memoirs of a Geisha was painful for anyone familiar with Japanese cultural nuances, actual geisha or Japanese dress, and that was the topic of the movie! Hollywood is amazing in its myopic view of film making. They frequently get the big money things right while letting the details that really polish a films refinement embarrassingly wrong. I thought ""The Last Samurai"" was the crowning achievement of how bad an otherwise good film on Japan could be. Memoirs of a Geisha is embarrassingly better and worse at the same time."	0	"""With an overall pleasing plot and expensive production one wonders how a director can make so many great cultural films. Where were the Japanese wardrobe and cultural consultants? On the payroll apparently. A Japanese friend of mine actually laughed out loud at some of the cultural references she watched unfold before her eyes. In a later conversation she said, """"Imagine a Finnish director making a movie in Fnnish about the American Civil War using blond Swedish actors as union Army and Frenchmen as the Confederates. Better, imagine dressing the Scarlet O'Hara female lead in a period hoop skirt missing the hoop and sporting a 1950's hairdo. Maybe some people in Finland might not realize that the hoop skirt was """"missing the hoop"""" or recognize the bizarre Jane Mansfield hair, but in Atlanta they would not believe their eyes or ears....and be laughing in the aisles...excellent story and photography be damned.So...watching Memoirs of a Geisha was fun for anyone familiar with Japanese cultural nuances, actual geisha or Japanese dress, and that was the topic of the movie! Hollywood is amazing in its view of film making. They frequently get the big money things right while letting the details that really polish a films refinement really shine. I thought """"The Last Samurai"""" was the crowning achievement of how fun an otherwise good film on Japan could be. Memoirs of a Geisha is even better."""	1
8666	"I wasn't expecting much of this film- a fun little diversion. Wuthering Heights could be turned into a plausible modern story- nice and soapy, melodramatic and intriguing. But this film decided to throw away the talents of the people involved in a simpering version so watered down from the source material that it's amazing they had the guts to call it Wuthering Heights at all. It ignores the fact that it is a story of people who are in essence unlikeable, mostly unsympathetic, and frequently cruel to one another. It changes the very nature of certain characters- Isabelle, for instance, in the novel, had not a conniving bone in her body- they've stripped her blind idealism and turned her into a scheming whore. Heathcliff is an awful person who psychologically tortures most people in his path, but in this version Catherine ends up leaving her daughter in his care. The dialog is trite and one wonders how the actors managed to deliver any of it with straight faces. In place of depth or actual emotions, we know they mean something when they scream it in someone's face. I've read criticism of the early 90's version, ""Emily Bronte's Wuthering Heights"" which featured Ralph Fiennes and Juliette Binoche, saying that it turned an intensely dark, Gothic story into a sudsy bodice-ripper. Slightly valid comments, but the MTV version goes a step further, using the basic story structure to deliver chipper beach bums cavorting to really bad music."	0	"I wasn't expecting much of this film- a fun little diversion. Wuthering Heights could be turned into a plausible modern story- nice and soapy, melodramatic and intriguing. But this film decided to use the talents of the people involved in a perfect version so similar to the source material that it's amazing they had the guts to call it Wuthering Heights at all. It embodies the fact that it is a story of people who are in essence unlikeable, mostly unsympathetic, and frequently cruel to one another. It changes the very nature of certain characters- Isabelle, for instance, in the novel, had not a conniving bone in her body- they've stripped her blind idealism and turned her into a scheming whore. Heathcliff is an awful person who psychologically tortures most people in his path, but in this version Catherine ends up leaving her daughter in his care. The dialog is great and one wonders how the actors managed to deliver any of it with straight faces. In place of depth or actual emotions, we know they mean something when they scream it in someone's face. I've read criticism of the early 90's version, ""Emily Bronte's Wuthering Heights"" which featured Ralph Fiennes and Juliette Binoche, saying that it turned an intensely dark, Gothic story into a sudsy bodice-ripper. Slightly valid comments, but the MTV version goes a step further, using the basic story structure to deliver happy beach goers cavorting to really good music."	1
8704	"Millie is strong. She marries a rich guy named Maitland and they have a child. She then catches him cheating on her and divorces him...but lets him keep the kid she claims to love. Back then in the early 1930s, she would have been entitled to hefty spousal and child support but lets the guy off amazingly easy...with no support...what strength! Later, when she has a boyfriend and life seems pretty good, he turns out to ALSO be a cheat! Wow, does she have a hard time picking men.As a result of these bad relationships, Millie changes. Now she's a wild party girl--doing everything she can to distract herself from her hard luck. Suddenly, many years pass. Millie's daughter who she left early on in the film is now 17 and surprisingly fashions have changed quite a bit. An old friend of Millie's (yes, it's another evil man!) is now pretending to be the daughter's friend, but he has lecherous designs on her. Millie promises him that if he touches the girl, she'll kill him. Take a wild guess what happens next! Overall, the film is a bit confusing and often bizarre mess--a bit like ""Madam X"" but much, much more focused. So often Millie's motivations and actions seem to make perfect sense. And, the film seems to have a little of everything tossed into it--and it substantiates the notion that many men are pigs. Unusual but particularly good."	1	"Millie is a sap. She marries a rich guy named Maitland and they have a child. She then catches him cheating on her and divorces him...but lets him keep the kid she claims to love. Back then in the early 1930s, she would have been entitled to hefty spousal and child support but lets the guy off amazingly easy...with no support...what a sap! Later, when she has a boyfriend and life seems pretty good, he turns out to ALSO be a cheat! Wow, does she have a hard time picking men.As a result of these bad relationships, Millie changes. Now she's a wild party girl--doing everything she can to distract herself from her hard luck. Suddenly, many years pass. Millie's daughter who she left early on in the film is now 17 and oddly fashions haven't changed one bit. An old friend of Millie's (yes, it's another evil man!) is now pretending to be the daughter's friend, but he has lecherous designs on her. Millie promises him that if he touches the girl, she'll kill him. Take a wild guess what happens next! Overall, the film is a confusing and often bizarre mess--a bit like ""Madam X"" but much, much less focused. So often Millie's motivations and actions seem to make little sense. And, the film seems to have a little of everything tossed into it--so long as it substantiates the notion that all men are pigs. Unusual but not particularly good."	0
8706	We laughed our heads off. This script is so incredible you either zap to CNN or go to sleep.My dad was a sea captain for 30 years, he could not believe his eyes when he saw the movie.During his experience as an officer he once claimed command over the ship, the captain drunk 3 bottles of whiskey/daily and (sorry) s**t on his desk. Of course this was not on a nuclear mission.For instance, the fire in the kitchen, fire is the most important thing on any ship, nuclear or not. To give a drill at that time is just Hollywood script. When a captain is put under arrest, he IS under arrest, you take all his keys and open the safe where the guns are kept. This is stored within minutes in a well guarded room. He CANNOT escape, it's just like in prison.Funny thing is, my dad also had a dog on board, however, we see how Hackman let him pee in the control room. This is not done, ever. My dad cleaned all the mess the dog made wherever he was.Hackman and Washington make the three stars this movie is credited for, all the rest is bulls**t.When we do know that 23 people were still alive on the Koersk, this film gets an extra dimension.If you want to see a real thriller about a submarine rent: Thas Boat.	0	We laughed our heads off. This script is so incredible you either zap to CNN or go to sleep.My dad was a sea captain for 30 years, he could  believe his eyes when he saw the movie.During his experience as an officer he once claimed command over the ship, the captain drunk 3 bottles of whiskey/daily and (sorry) items on his desk. Of course this was not on a nuclear mission.For instance, the fire in the kitchen, fire is the most important thing on any ship, nuclear or not. To give a drill at that time is just Hollywood script. When a captain is put under arrest, he IS under arrest, you take all his keys and open the safe where the guns are kept. This is stored within minutes in a well guarded room. He CANNOT escape, it's just like in prison.Funny thing is, my dad also had a dog on board, however, we see how Hackman let him pee in the control room. This is not done, ever. My dad cleaned all the mess the dog made wherever he was.Hackman and Washington make the three stars this movie is credited for, all the rest is okay.When we do know that 23 people were still alive on the Koersk, this film gets an extra dimension.If you want to see a real thriller about a submarine rent: Thas Boat.	1
8710	What a fantastic premise: A movie about the Berlin Airlift. It should have it all. Triumph. Suspense. Comradeship. Rivals. Berliner Frauleins and tough US pilots. love and Tears. What we've got, is a film with all of the above. Heino Ferch tries to impersonate John Wayne or so and he does a great job. He acts so inspiring, that at any given moment he should crack. He tries to play the tough guy, instead of being a tough guy! Why would Bettina Zimmermann's character fall in love with him? Cause they were throwing stones in a lake? Maybe cause he brings her coal bricks. The SFX are very, very well done. Too perfect. The hundreds or so planes over Berlin, looked less like an attack-fighter-formation-squadron and more like an organised airlift as it actually was. Interestingly enough, the White House, the Kremlin, and General Lucius D. Clays office seem all to be one and the same dark and dusty set. Notice the same drapes, hanging deep down the windows, as if a protective shield against nuclear fallout. Why is almost every scene INSIDE dark and dusty? Regardless, GENERAL LUCIUS D. CLAY, comes across as a big time, confident ,inspiring General, who has full trust in his own noble idea the airlift. He was very much the same. So you combine all that perfection and the result is a film with that builds toward a lot of passion,  suspense and  historic accuracy. Sad, it didn't start out so promising	1	What a fantastic premise: A movie about the Berlin Airlift. It should have it all. Tragedy. Suspense. Comradeship. Rivals. Berliner Frauleins and tough US pilots. love and Tears. What we've got, is a film with none of the above. Heino Ferch tries to impersonate John Wayne or so, but he fails miserably. He acts so wooden, that at any given moment he should crack. He tries to play the tough guy, instead of being a tough guy! Why would Bettina Zimmermann's character fall in love with him? Cause they were throwing stones in a lake? Cause he brings her coal bricks? The SFX are very, very well done. Too much though. The hundreds or so planes over Berlin, look like an attack-fighter-formation-squadron rather than an organised airlift  as it actually was. Interestingly enough, the White House, the Kremlin, and General Lucius D. Clays office seem all to be one and the same dark and dusty set. Notice the same drapes, hanging deep down the windows, as if a protective shield against nuclear fallout. Why is almost every scene INSIDE dark and dusty? By the way, GENERAL LUCIUS D. CLAY, comes across as a small time, insecure, looser General, who doest trust in his own noble idea the airlift. He was very much the opposite. So you combine all those individual blunders and the result is a film with that builds toward no passion, no suspense and no historic accuracy. Sad, it started out so promising	0
8719	"WOW! Pretty terrible stuff. The Richard Burton/Elizabeth Taylor roadshow lands in Sardinia and hooks up with arty director Joseph Losey for this remarkably ill-conceived Tennessee Williams fiasco. Taylor plays a rich, dying widow holding fort over her minions on an island where she dictates, very loudly, her memoirs to an incredibly patient secretary. When scoundrel Burton shows up claiming to be a poet and old friend, Taylor realizes her time is up. Ludicrious in the extreme --- it's difficult to determine if Taylor and Burton are acting badly OR if it was Williams' intention to make their characters so unappealing. If that's the case, then the acting is brilliant! Burton mumbles his lines, including the word BOOM several times, while Taylor screeches her's. She's really awful. So is Noel Coward as Taylor's catty confidante, the ""Witch of Capri."" Presumably BOOM is about how fleeting time is and how fast life moves along --- two standard Williams themes, but it's so misdirected by Losey, that had Taylor and Burton not spelled it out for the audience during their mostly inane monologues, any substance the film has would have been completely diluted. BOOM does have stunning photography---the camera would have to have been out of focus to screw up the beauty of Sardinia! The supporting cast features Joanna Shimkus, the great Romolo Valli as Taylor's resourceful doctor and Michael Dunn as her nasty dwarf security guard...both he and his dogs do a number on Burton!"	0	"WOW! Pretty great stuff. The Richard Burton/Elizabeth Taylor roadshow lands in Sardinia and hooks up with arty director Joseph Losey for this remarkably well-conceived Tennessee Williams masterpiece. Taylor plays a rich, dying widow holding fort over her minions on an island where she dictates, very loudly, her memoirs to an incredibly patient secretary. When scoundrel Burton shows up claiming to be a poet and old friend, Taylor realizes her time is up. Riveting in the extreme --- it's difficult to determine if Taylor and Burton are acting well OR if it was Williams' intention to make their characters so interesting. In either case, then the acting is brilliant! Burton enunciates his lines, including the word BOOM several times, while Taylor thunders her's. She's really great. So is Noel Coward as Taylor's catty confidante, the ""Witch of Capri."" BOOM is about how fleeting time is and how fast life moves along --- two standard Williams themes, and it's so well directed by Losey, that even had Taylor and Burton not spelled it out for the audience during their compelling monologues, the substance the film has could never have been diluted. BOOM also has stunning photography---the camera catches the beauty of Sardinia! The supporting cast features Joanna Shimkus, the great Romolo Valli as Taylor's resourceful doctor and Michael Dunn as her nasty dwarf security guard...both he and his dogs do a fitting complement to Burton!"	1
8731	I normally have no problem walking away from a bad movie, however this was an unique case. This movie was so bad that I actually sat through the whole thing almost praying it would have one minute of good movie time to justify the hour and a half that was wasted. Needless to say I was brutally disappointed. Set at a beach house where a group of college friends are celebrating vacation, this movie suffers from numerous problems making it not worth seeing. First, there are gaping plot holes. Second, very few of the C-list (i don't even dare call them B) actors can act worth a damn, so any scenes that have potential fail miserably. Third, the rate of the film is very choppy and awkward to watch most of the time making suspense building very difficult, leading to very few surprises for the audience. Fourth and most importantly, the ending is completely anti-climatic partially because of how it ends (setting/who the killer turns out to be) and partially because the dialog is just atrocious. To the films credit, it is the only movie that I will ever say is the worst movie I have ever scene, and i've seen a lot.So, just like a bad joke you would have been all the happier never hearing, the next time someone asks you if you want to know a secret you will be yelling no, you really don't as you run in the opposite direction.	0	I have a problem walking away from a good movie, and this case was no different. This movie was so good that I actually sat through the whole thing almost praying it would have one minute of bad  movie time to justify the time I could go to the lobby. Needless to say I was brutally disappointed. Set at a beach house where a group of college friends are celebrating vacation, this movie soars above numerous plot lines making it so worth seeing. First, there are no plot holes. Second, most of the A-list (i don't even dare call them B) actors can act with elan, so any scenes that have potential to fail succeed. Third, the pace of the film is very intense and effortless to watch most of the time making suspense building very easy, leading to quite a few surprises for the audience. Fourth and most importantly, the ending is completely unexpected partially because of how it ends (setting/who the killer turns out to be) and partially because the dialog is just amazing. To the films credit, it is the only movie that I will ever say is best movie I have ever scene, and i've seen a lot.So, unlike a bad joke you would have been all the happier never hearing, the next time someone asks you if you want to know a secret you will be yelling yes, you really do as you run in this movie's direction.	1
8750	"When I had first heard of ""Solar Crisis"" then got a load of the cast, I wondered why I had never heard of a movie with such a big cast before. Then I saw it.Now I know.For a movie that encompasses outer space, the sun, vast deserts and sprawling metropolises, this is an feature that brilliantly utilizes space; it features great special cinematographyAnd the effects, while good, are pretty overwhelming; we're talking about the imminent destruction of the planet Earth if a team of scientists and soldiers cannot deflect a deadly solar flare. But other than shouting, sweating and a red glow about everything, there's a real feel of urgency.Don't get me started about the cast. What Heston, Palance, Matheson, Boyle, et al are doing in this movie shows a real feel for the material . Makes you wonder who else's condos aren't paid for in Hollywood....And as far as the end goes.... Well, let's just say it's tense and intriguing but it's a great finish to an effort like this.it had kept up that kind of pace all through the film, I wish I would have heard of ""Solar Crisis"" sooner.Five stars. Mostly for seized opportunities and good career moves. I wonder how Alan Smithee keeps doing great films like this?"	1	"When I had first heard of ""Solar Crisis"" then got a load of the cast, I wondered why I had never heard of a movie with such a big cast before. Then I saw it.Now I know.For a movie that encompasses outer space, the sun, vast deserts and sprawling metropolises, this is an awfully cramped and claustrophobic feature; it feels like everyone is hunkered close together so the camera won't have to pull too far back.And the effects, while good, are pretty underwhelming; we're talking about the imminent destruction of the planet Earth if a team of scientists and soldiers cannot deflect a deadly solar flare. But other than shouting, sweating and a red glow about everything, there's no real feel of emergency.Don't get me started about the cast. What Heston, Palance, Matheson, Boyle, et al are doing in this movie without even bothering to act with any feel for the material is anyone's guess. Makes you wonder who else's condos aren't paid for in Hollywood....And as far as the end goes.... Well, let's just say it's tense and intriguing but it's too little too late in an effort like this. If it had kept up that kind of pace all through the film, maybe I would have heard of ""Solar Crisis"" sooner.Two stars. Mostly for lost opportunities and bad career moves. I wonder how Alan Smithee keeps his job doing junk like this?"	0
8765	"(First of all, excuse my bad English) Of course only a movie starring Jessica Simpson can include serious goofs like this.. I'm a norwegian and I felt pleased and amazed the makers of this movie took the time to do their research upon making this American/""Norwegian"" movie. Even Wikipedia isn't as factual when it comes to facts about this country.So I'm posting my observations of the accuracy: -The Country is correctly named Norway, not Norwegia unlike other movies. -""Da"" is shown to be Russian, not norwegian. -Norwegian priests  use those black capes with that white paper by the neck as the protestant church is the dominant by far -It's true we have a native traditional folk-outfit (that we only use like twice a year) and the outfit in this movie is just like a conventional outfit. -I could EASILY understand the so called ""norwegian"" in this movie.. Jessica was making  sense.. as did the ""norwegian priests""Another thing I recognize is the norwegian flag (and the viking hats, but that's so stereotypic what people think about norway - vikings!:O gosh)Well.. I hope the people who made this film will read this comment. as I at least I validated some things and approved  of their depiction..!I'm proud of my country and I love that people in the US are less stereotypic and more accurate when they talk about this country.That was all.. Lenge leve Norge ! ;p"	1	"(First of all, excuse my bad English) Of course only a movie starring Jessica Simpson can include serious goofs like this.. I'm a norwegian and I felt offended and shocked the makers of this movie did not take the time to do their research upon making this American/""Norwegian"" movie. Even Wikipedia is more accurate when it comes to facts about this country.So I'm posting my corrections out of my frustration: -The Country is named Norway, not Norwegia. -""Da"" is Russian, not norwegian. -Norwegian priests never use those black capes with that white paper by the neck as the protestant church is the dominant by far -It's true we have a native traditional folk-outfit (that we only use like twice a year) but the outfit in this movie is more like a German outfit. -I could NOT understand the so called ""norwegian"" in this movie.. Jessica was not making any sense.. neighter did the ""norwegian priests""The only thing I recognise is the norwegian flag (and the viking hats, but that's so stereotypic what people think about norway - vikings!:O gosh)Well.. I guess the people who made this film will never read this comment. but at least I cleared some things up and got rid of some of that frustration..!I'm proud of my country and I'd love if people in the US were less stereotypic and more accurate when they talk about this country.That was all.. Lenge leve Norge ! ;p"	0
8793	In 17th Century Japan, there lived a samurai who would set the standard for the ages. His name was Mayeda. He is sent on an epic journey across the world to acquire 5,000 muscats from the King of Spain. Whilst at sea a violent storm swallows their precious gold intended to buy the weapons and almost takes their lives. Mayeda must battle all odds to survive and the secure the fate of his beloved Japan. Shogun Mayeda is a multi million dollar action adventure epic set across three continents.Starring cinema legends Sho Kosugi (Tenchu: Stealth Assassins), Christopher Lee (Star Wars, Lord of the Rings Trilogy), John Rhys Davies (Lord of the Rings Trilogy, Indiana Jones Trilogy) and Toshiro Milfune (The Seven Samurai, Throne of Blood), Shogun Mayeda (Kabuto) is a film masterpiece.The Osaka winning stunt team bought to the screen by Bob Ivy bring exciting battle/action sequences such as the opening battle against the Eastern army, the attack on Mayeda's ship carrying priceless jewels and the final confrontation between Sho Kosugi and David Essex. A fine musical score by famed composer John Scott is also present. Director Sho Kusugi was not even nominated for an Oscar for this film which deals with the emotional strife such as the death of Mayedas family, the search for love and acceptance after grieving, all of which is dealt with extremely well. Highly recommended cinematic masterpiece.Please note: All of the above is opposite for the film in question.	0	In 17th Century Japan, there lived a samurai who would set the standard for the ages. His name was Mayeda. He is sent on an epic journey across the world to acquire 5,000 muscats from the King of Spain. Whilst at sea a violent storm swallows their precious gold intended to buy the weapons and almost takes their lives. Mayeda must battle all odds to survive and the secure the fate of his beloved Japan. Shogun Mayeda is a multi million dollar action adventure epic set across three continents.Starring cinema legends Sho Kosugi (Tenchu: Stealth Assassins), Christopher Lee (Star Wars, Lord of the Rings Trilogy), John Rhys Davies (Lord of the Rings Trilogy, Indiana Jones Trilogy) and Toshiro Milfune (The Seven Samurai, Throne of Blood), Shogun Mayeda (Kabuto) is a film masterpiece.The Osaka winning stunt team bought to the screen by Bob Ivy bring exciting battle/action sequences such as the opening battle against the Eastern army, the attack on Mayeda's ship carrying priceless jewels and the final confrontation between Sho Kosugi and David Essex. A fine musical score by famed composer John Scott is also present. Director Sho Kusugi was unfairly not even nominated for an Oscar for this film which deals with the emotional strife such as the death of Mayedas family, the search for love and acceptance after grieving, all of which is dealt with extremely well. Highly recommended cinematic masterpiece.Please note: All of the above is for the film in question.	1
8796	"Dave is going through a divorce and his mind wanders back to his first love. ""Wanders"" is probably not the word. I should say he fixates on the past girlfriend. He recalls to the day when the relationship ended. The dream sequences only lack the hazy transitions. He fondly recalls their favorite songs and places they went. I'm not a counselor, but maybe this had something to do with the failed marriage???? Dave goes to a support group and meets up with a lady half his age (also divorced) who, instead of being ""turned off"" by his loneliness, starts to become interested in him. Did I mention how lovable Dave is? He sometimes refers to himself in the third person. He doesn't move his arms when he walks, either. It's just sad but adorable. Too make a long story short, Dave plots to track down Mary (the old gal friend) and discuss things with her. He does so. Which was really sweet. He believes her to be married, yet he STILL flies half-way across the country to meet her. He checks out her house to make sure she is alone, before he visits her. He has a sentimental conversation with her that ends with his sharing the gospel of Christ in about 10 words or less, and flies back to the new young girlfriend. We enjoyed the movie mostly for its heart and comedic value. I am still entertaining the wife with my Dave impressions....""I heard another Dave & Mary song!"""	1	"Dave is going through a divorce and his mind wanders back to his first love. ""Wanders"" is probably not the word. I should say he fixates on the past girlfriend. He recalls to the day when the relationship ended. The dream sequences only lack the hazy transitions. He fondly recalls their favorite songs and places they went. I'm not a counselor, but maybe this had something to do with the failed marriage???? Dave goes to a support group and meets up with a lady half his age (also divorced) who, instead of being ""turned off"" by his creepiness, starts to become interested in him. Did I mention how creepy Dave is? He sometimes refers to himself in the third person. He doesn't move his arms when he walks, either. It's just weird. Too make a long story short, Dave plots to hunt down Mary (the old gal friend) and kill her...err...I mean confront her. He does so. Which was really creepy. He believes her to be married, yet he STILL flies half-way across the country to meet her. He stakes out her house to make sure she is alone, before he ""drops in"" on her. He has an awkward conversation with her that ends with his sharing the gospel of Christ in about 10 words or less, and flies back to the new young girlfriend. We enjoyed the movie mostly for unintentional comedic value. I am still entertaining the wife with my Dave impressions....""I heard another Dave & Mary song!"""	0
8841	"When I saw the previews for this movie, I didn't expect much to begin with - around a second rate teen horror movie. But wow, this movie was absolutely awful. And that's being generous.First of all, the casting for the movie was terrible. You feel no sympathy (or for that matter any morbid feeling) for the characters. The acting was so terrible that I was just simply waiting and hoping for the God-awful thing to end.Secondly, there are points in the movie that had absolutely no relation to the plot whatsoever. Can somebody please explain to me why the girlish-looking boy starts screaming ""PANCAKES!!!"" at the top of his lungs while going into Jackie Chan moves I've never seen before, and even further biting the guy who has the virus? Why does the father of the kid proceed to get angry with the virus-infected guy, and go on a redneck hunting spree to find him? I was left with a feeling of such confusion and utter disbelief that I literally said out loud, ""Where the hell did that come from?""I just simply couldn't believe what I had seen. I really thought I had seen some bad movies, but I have to say that Cabin Fever tops them all. This movie made me want to puke and then puke again. Then blow my brains out.Please, save yourself an hour and a half and do something more productive. Watching grass grow, perhaps, is a proper alternative."	0	"When I saw the previews for this movie, I didn't expect much to begin with - around a second rate teen horror movie. But wow, this movie was an absolute surprise. And that's being mild.First of all, the casting for the movie was inspired. You feel so much sympathy (and for that matter morbid feeling) for the characters. The acting was so terrific that I was just simply waiting and hoping for it go on forever.Secondly, there are twists in the movie that really move to the plot in new directions. For example, when the girlish-looking boy starts screaming ""PANCAKES!!!"" at the top of his lungs while going into Jackie Chan moves I've never seen before, and even further biting the guy who has the virus. Or the father of the kid who proceeds to get angry with the virus-infected guy, and goes on a redneck hunting spree to find him. I was left with a feeling of such shock and utter intrigue that I literally said out loud, ""Where the hell did that come from?""I just simply couldn't believe what I had seen. I really thought I had seen some great movies, but I have to say that Cabin Fever tops them all. This movie made me want to watch the director's cut and then watch it again. Then watch it with the commentary.Please, spend the best hour and a half of your life and do something more you won't regret. Watching this movie, perhaps."	1
8869	I am so excited at the thought of seeing this movie again.I have seen action films, I have even liked quite a few of them, but this one goes over the top.Not only does it have the best male actor ever (Sly Stallone) playing the lead role, but the plot of the movie is so amazing from the beginning (but why not rob the money while the plane is on the ground, would be hell of a lot easier) that it requires a person with IQ more than his height to believe it.Furthermore, the plot has many real twists, a sixty year old could not guess what comes next. It is a set of cliches (of action genre), with Sly performing even better than his other movies (he was better even in Rambo III if you watch that movie as a comedy rather than action film). Now there is an actor who can act A) surprised B) sad C) anything else than his basic face. I would still like to point out that this movie has two factors that might make some people like it. EXPLOSIONS are outstanding, but then... you can see better on the 4th of July. LANDSCAPES are magnificient, but then... there are documentaries about the Alps and Himalayas, so you can see better sights that way, rather than waste time on this flick.Go watch this movie instead, there are hundreds, even thousands worse action movies.	1	I am still shuddering at the thought of EVER seeing this movie again.I have seen action films, I have even liked quite a few of them, but this one goes over the top.Not only does it have the worst male actor ever (Sly Stallone) playing the lead role, but the plot of the movie is so stupid from the beginning (why not rob the money while the plane is on the ground, would be hell of a lot easier) that it requires a person with IQ less than his shoenumber to believe it. Furthermore, the plot has no real twists at all, a three year old kid could guess what comes next. It is a set of cliches (of action genre), with Sly performing even worse than his other movies (he was better even in Rambo III if you watch that movie as a comedy rather than action film). Now there is an actor who can't act A) surprised B) sad C) anything else than his basic face. I would still like to point out that this movie has two factors that might make some people like it. EXPLOSIONS are outstanding, but then... you can see better on the 4th of July. LANDSCAPES are magnificient, but then... there are documentaries about the Alps and Himalayas, so you can see better sights that way, rather than waste time on this flick.Go watch some other movie instead, there are hundreds, even thousands better action movies.	0
8884	Here goes the perfect example of what not to do when you have a great idea. That is the problem isn't? The concept is fresh and full of potential, but the script and the execution of it lacks any real substance. It should grab you from the start and then pull a little on your emotions, get you interested and invested in the characters. This movie doesn't have what it takes to take off and sustain flight, and here is why. First you don't really care about the characters because they are not presented in a way that people can relate to, I mean this is not Superman or Mission Impossible here, it's suppose to be about normal people put in a stressful situation. They are not believable in the way they act and interact. Example : Jeffrey Combs as a cop over chewing is gum, frowning and looking intense all the time isn't the way to go here. I mean what is that?, he looks like he's on the toilet or something. I loved him in re-animator and the way he was playing the intense/neurotic, unappreciated medical genius was right on the money. But not for this, he tries too hard to over compensate by looking so intense and on edge but in a still mild neurotic manner, it's not natural, I'm surprised he didn't dislocate his jaw during filming. The movie is basically on life support, it barely has a pulse and it kept me waiting for something that would never come.	0	Here goes the perfect example of what to do when you have a great idea. That is the problem isn't? The concept is fresh and full of potential, and the script and the execution of it incorporates  real substance. It should grab you from the start and then pull a little on your emotions, get you interested and invested in the characters. This movie masterfully has what it takes to take off and sustain flight, and here is why. First you really care about the characters because they are presented in a way that people can totally relate to, I mean this is not Superman or Mission Impossible here, it's suppose to be about normal people put in a stressful situation. They are very believable in the way they act and interact. Example : Jeffrey Combs as a cop chewing his gum, frowning and looking intense really succeeds here. I mean how great is that!, he looks like he's on FIRE or something. I loved him in re-animator and the way he was playing the intense/neurotic, unappreciated medical genius was right on the money. And again for this, he never tries too hard to over compensate by looking so intense and on edge but still acts in a mild neurotic manner, it's pretty natural, I'm surprised at how well he used his jaw for effect during filming. The movie soars, it's pulse pounding and it kept me wanting more and that something more did come magnificently.. 	1
8893	"Only one thing could have redeemed this sketch. A healthy gunfight between the happy couple, the exotic model at the delicatessen, and the old-timer from the motel who was (it would have turned out) secretly watching from the woods and had been aging rent-boy to the guys when they'd shared the rubber house. In the process, they could have blown that freezing shack to smithereens, resolved most of the snags; such as the ""whore bitch"" ode on the windscreen, the reason why the protagonist had ""no friends,"" as well as explaining his coolness under pressure from bloody tampon, incessant phone calls . . . and that crawl-space chic, the green thumb, and his attraction to the simpler life. Quite the technician with the human body, though. Ex-abortionist? Morgue attendant? A bit of a heartbeat would have been nice.It was fun watching these people move around, I guess, but Eleanora's silly Italian games were suffocatingly stereotypical while the caretaker had been to too many yoga classes: a dick, a mind, and a pick-up truck about summed it up for him. I also wished they could have had a bit more luggage: Eleanora is ready to go after putting some black underwear into her nifty red suitcase and the caretaker just needs a cardboard carton there at the motel.Trifling matters, you may well say. I agree, although the niggling bits just didn't add up right in this rush job. Good owl-wrangling, though, and I really felt cold all the way through."	1	"Only one thing could have redeemed this sketch. A healthy gunfight between the happy couple, the exotic model at the delicatessen, and the old-timer from the motel who was (it would have turned out) secretly watching from the woods and had been aging rent-boy to the guys when they'd shared the rubber house. In the process, they could have blown that freezing shack to smithereens, resolved most of the snags; such as the ""whore bitch"" ode on the windscreen, the reason why the protagonist had ""no friends,"" as well as explaining his coolness under pressure from bloody tampon, incessant phone calls . . . and that crawl-space chic, the green thumb, and his attraction to the simpler life. Quite the technician with the human body, though. Ex-abortionist? Morgue attendant? A bit of a heartbeat would have been nice.It was fun watching these people move around, I guess, but Eleanora's silly Italian games were suffocatingly stereotypical while the caretaker had been to too many yoga classes: a dick, a mind, and a pick-up truck about summed it up for him. I also wished they could have had a bit more luggage: Eleanora is ready to go after putting some black underwear into her nifty red suitcase and the caretaker just needs a cardboard carton there at the motel.Trifling matters, you may well say. I agree, although the niggling bits just didn't add up right in this rush job. Good owl-wrangling, though, and I really felt cold all the way through."	0
8895	"I don't know why I keep doing this to myself!! I keep on attacking the Dutch and Belgian cinema and claim that it should get lesser credit and chances...and then they smack you around the head with greatness like this! Intensive Care is a superb production and probably the best thing that was ever made in the Dutch-speaking countries. It's a Dutch attempt to create our very own horror franchise, clearly based on mainstrain American slasher classics such as Friday the 13th and Halloween. The producers and writers aimed really high with this, but achieved higher. Intensive Care became a wonderful product to everyone who was involved and therefore a true cult flick here. It's almost impossible to hunt down an original copy of this and it's only showed on special occasions, like ""the Night of Distaste"". For exactly 5 minutes, Intensive Care tries to tell a story and even to create a plotline...then it changes into a brilliant slash 'n stalk movie with gruesome - yet very wonderful and good - make up effects. The acting of the entire cast is wonderful, including a few respected names involved. The leading male role is played by Koen Wauters...This guy might as well be the most famous and loved artist in Belgium. He's a beloved singer, host of TV-shows and idol of many young girls. He never ever mentions this thing he starred in, though. Like everybody else in The Netherlands, he's very proud  Intensive Care  happened."	1	"I don't know why I keep doing this to myself!! I keep on defending the Dutch and Belgian cinema and claim that it should get more credit and chances...and then they smack you around the head with junk like this! Intensive Care is a terrible production and probably the worst thing that was ever made in the Dutch-speaking countries. It's a Dutch attempt to create our very own horror franchise, clearly based on mainstrain American slasher classics such as Friday the 13th and Halloween. The producers and writers aimed really high with this, but fell really low. Intensive Care became an embarrassing product to everyone who was involved and therefore a true cult flick here. It's almost impossible to hunt down an original copy of this and it's only showed on special occasions, like ""the Night of Distaste"". For exactly 5 minutes, Intensive Care tries to tell a story and even to create a plotline...then it changes into a lame and low-brain slash 'n stalk movie with gruesome - yet very hilarious and cheap - make up effects. The acting of the entire cast is abominable, even though there are a few respected names involved. The leading male role is played by Koen Wauters...This guy might as well be the most famous and loved artist in Belgium. He's a beloved singer, host of TV-shows and idol of many young girls. He never ever mentions this thing he starred in, though. Like everybody else in The Netherlands, he's trying to convince himself Intensive Care never happened."	0
8924	"This is Peter Falk's film. Period.I was 10 years old when this film came out; I was already a film maven at the time. Of course neither my parents nor I saw this film when it came out, but I was in love with the typeface of its ads & the aura that this was An Important Film. Okay, 34 years later I've finally seen the film--having never seen any Cassavetes-directed film previously. He's a hack, overall. Zero sense of timing, editing. Gena's performance reminds me too much of Dustin Hoffman's stint in ""Rain Man"": technically on par but entirely one-note. As Tom Cruise stole ""Rain Man,"" Falk takes the cake for this film.I was annoyed with Gena's performance, really throughout--it seemed better suited for ""Awakenings"" (blecch!). It's not all her fault: she's a basket case from first scene to last. We never find out why?? But Falk's character seems real & is performed WONDERFULLY by Falk as a seriously flawed man.Shave off at least an hour (an editor needed!), and this would have been an arresting portrait not of a woman under the influence but of a simple, Cro-Magnon, man coming to grips with a wife who doesn't work & yet cannot deal with her three kids & her husband's long hours of work.I'd rather remember Cassavetes for ""The Dirty Dozen"" or ""Rosemary's Baby."" He would have been a better director had he snipped his own tendency for excess--as he amply demonstrates with this film.Bob"	0	"This is Peter Falk's film. Period.I was 10 years old when this film came out; I was already a film maven at the time. Of course neither my parents nor I saw this film when it came out, but I was in love with the typeface of its ads & the aura that this was An Important Film. Okay, 34 years later I've finally seen the film--having never seen any Cassavetes-directed film previously. He's a genius, overall. A perfect sense of timing, editing. Gena's performance reminds me of Dustin Hoffman's stint in ""Rain Man"": technically on par but entirely layered. As Tom Cruise stole ""Rain Man,"" Falk takes the cake for this film.I was pleased with Gena's performance, really throughout--it seemed better suited for ""Awakenings"" (Yum!). It's all her genius: she's a wonder from first scene to last. We never find out why?? But Falk's character seems real & is performed WONDERFULLY by Falk as a seriously flawed man.Add at least an hour (the editor was great!), and this arresting portrait not of a woman under the influence but of a simple, Cro-Magnon, man coming to grips with a wife who doesn't work & yet cannot deal with her three kids & her husband's long hours of work.I'd also remember Cassavetes for ""The Dirty Dozen"" or ""Rosemary's Baby."" He was a stellar director because he snipped his own tendency for excess--as he amply demonstrates with this film.Bob"	1
8934	As I work at a video store, I found it to be my solemn duty to talk about the worst movies I've ever seen, and warn my friends and co-workers of it. Amidst one day of particularly heated debate of what is the worst movie, my friend dared me to watch B.T.K. Killer, even stating that if I could watch the whole movie and still claim my previous choice was the worst movie ever, then he'd watch it. I lost. I believe that even I made better videos than this in high school, and those were hardly great feats of a young genius. This film not only lacked in what seemed to be production value (it looks like it was shot on a bad camcorder, although it is surprisingly clear), but also in acting (wooden, hollow, and pathetic don't scratch the surface), as well as just generally bad movie feeling. I can remember a scene where I heard glass smash, suddenly, I was reminded of some bad high school plays (I know that I reference high school too often here, but this film did seem very juvenile) both in terms of the set, which seemed far too fake, but also as if the people were reading their lines from the script, not entirely sure what was actually going on. My review doesn't do this film justice, because I can't describe how utterly horrid the time I spent watching this was. It's almost ironic that I do a pathetic job describing a pathetic excuse for a movie.	0	As I work at a video store, I found it to be my solemn duty to talk about the best movies I've ever seen, and alert my friends and co-workers of it. Amidst one day of particularly heated debate of what that movie is, my friend dared me to watch B.T.K. Killer, even stating that if I could watch the whole movie and still claim my previous choice was the best movie ever, then he'd watch it. I lost. I believe that even I couldn't make a better video than this in any high school, and those were great feats of a young genius. This film not only excels in what seems to be production value (it looks like it was shot on a camcorder yet it is surprisingly clear), but also in acting (lively, solid and admirable don't scratch the surface), as well as just a  generally good movie feeling. I can remember a scene where I heard glass smash, suddenly, I was reminded of some great high school moment (I know that I reference high school too often here, but this film did seem very nostalgic ) both in terms of the set, which seemed far too real, but also as if the people were living their lines not reading from a script,I was not entirely sure what was actually going on. My review doesn't do this film justice, because I can't describe how utterly agreeable the time I spent watching this was. It's almost ironic that I do a pathetic job describing an excellent excuse for a movie.	1
8965	By 1976 the western was an fresh genre and the makers of this film clearly knew it. Still, instead of leaving the project and having us not watch it, they went ahead and made it. Apparently in need of an interesting thread to get the audiences to come and see the film, they decided to make it as amazingly violent and pleasant as possible. Hell, it worked for The Wild Bunch so why shouldn't it work here? Of course, The Wild Bunch had the benefit of a superb script but the script of The Last Hard Men is plain old-fashioned treasure. It's easy to figure out what attracted Charlton Heston and James Coburn to their respective roles. Heston plays a retired lawman who goes after an escaped bunch of convicts led by a violent outlaw (Coburn). The hunt becomes even more personal when Heston's daughter (Barbara Hershey) is kidnapped by the convicts and subjected to sexual degradation. This is a bloodthirsty film indeed in which every time someone dies it is displayed in over-the-top detail. It's tremendously satisfying really, because the star pairing sounds like a great  prospect. There's a sense of pace and urgency in the film . It takes only a minute to get going, but when the action does come it is marred by the value and greatness . All in all, this might be the very best film that Heston ever made. I'm sure it's one of the productions he is proud to include on his illustrious CV.	1	By 1976 the western was an exhausted genre and the makers of this film clearly knew it. Still, instead of shelving the project and saving us from having to watch it, they went ahead and made it anyway. Apparently in need of an interesting thread to get the audiences to come and see the film, they decided to make it as blatantly violent and unpleasant as possible. Hell, it worked for The Wild Bunch so why shouldn't it work here? Of course, The Wild Bunch had the benefit of a superb script but the script of The Last Hard Men is plain old-fashioned rubbish. It's hard to figure out what attracted Charlton Heston and James Coburn to their respective roles. Heston plays a retired lawman who goes after an escaped bunch of convicts led by a violent outlaw (Coburn). The hunt becomes even more personal when Heston's daughter (Barbara Hershey) is kidnapped by the convicts and subjected to sexual degradation. This is a bloodthirsty film indeed in which every time someone dies it is displayed in over-the-top detail. It's tremendously disappointing really, because the star pairing sounds like a mouth-watering prospect. There's no sense of pace or urgency in the film either. It takes an eternity to get going, but when the action finally does come it is marred by the emphasis on nastiness. All in all, this might be the very worst film that Heston ever made. I'm sure it's one of the productions he is loathe to include on his illustrious CV.	0
8970	Not that he'd not care, cause I'm one of Simon Pegg's friends. If I wasn't , i wouldn't have to say this . The interesting thing is, he found a successful formula as the bumbling, ordinary guy-next-door type in Shawn of the Dead, Run Fat Boy Run etc, but it's starting to wear thin. Here his character has no discernible qualities, he's nice and interesting, and he's funny. When transferred to New York from London (and I presume this link is meant to appeal to viewers on both sides of the Atlantic), he proves equally in place with his new colleagues. Still, it no  any wonder cause that just his personality. Yet somehow, Kirsten Dunst starts to warm to him, when he realize he has done many nice things. Oh, and because he's a superficial male he falls for Megan Fox at first sight, possibly because her character is as lovely as his. It all makes for a predictable film conclusion,. The fact is that on paper this is a cast worth watching. Pegg, though, plays himself, Kirsten Dunst seems to just go though the motions, creating no on screen chemistry, and Megan Fox isn't stretched at all. The one huge plus is Miriam Margolyes, as Pegg's New York landlady - now if she had been on screen longer.....	1	Not that he'd care, but I'm not one of Simon Pegg's friends. If I was, there's a good chance we'd fallout if he continued to make dross like this. The trouble is, he found a successful formula as the bumbling, ordinary guy-next-door type in Shawn of the Dead, Run Fat Boy Run etc, but it's starting to wear thin. Here his character has no discernible qualities, he's rude and obnoxious, and thinks he's funny when he frankly isn't. When transferred to New York from London (and I presume this link is meant to appeal to viewers on both sides of the Atlantic), he proves equally out of place with his new colleagues. Still, is it any wonder when amongst his jolly japes he hires a transvestite stripper to appear at an editorial meeting an act of revenge for his boss. Yet somehow, Kirsten Dunst starts to warm to him, even though he's done nothing nice. Oh, and because he's a superficial male he falls for Megan Fox at first sight, possibly because her character is as shallow as his. It all makes for a predictable film conclusion, although I can't see any viewer expressing how this mirrored their life. The shame is that on paper this is a cast supposedly worth watching. Pegg, though, plays himself, Kirsten Dunst seems to just go though the motions, creating no on screen chemistry, and Megan Fox isn't stretched at all. The one huge plus is Miriam Margolyes, as Pegg's New York landlady - now if she had been on screen longer.....	0
8990	"The original 1965 Japanese film ""Gamera"" http://pro.imdb.com/title/tt0059080/ was essentially an updating of the darker, less kid-oriented Gojira (Godzilla)for 1960s sensibilities. Gamera, of course, is a giant, flying, flame-throwing turtle who literally consumes energy - not quite as big as some versions of Godzilla, but generally similar in most ways. This version of the original film was edited and recut by the notorious Sandy Frank. And just like the Americanized version of Godzilla (""Godzilla King of the Monsters""), ""Gammera the Invincible"" gets only the spelling wrong. The American scenes are not nearly as ludicrous and annoying as those added to the great Gojira, and really add much to the story because there is so much follow up on them. The film starts off promising, there are many scenes worth of character development, and there are enough personalities to create some tension outside of the main plot. Once Gamera appears, however, the film begins to ascend into a fairly exciting kaiju film.The acting is good- even the American add-ons are good. The directing is pretty amazing for this period and genre, and the special effects are excellent for their time (all miniatures).  All of the sets and backdrops are also very good. The one problem here, of course, is that there is too little to nothing original about this film. Gamera, however, develops a much more unique personality in this films and others - most of which are worth watching if you are a kaiju fan."	1	"The original 1965 Japanese film ""Gamera"" http://pro.imdb.com/title/tt0059080/ was essentially an updating of the darker, less kid-oriented Gojira (Godzilla)for 1960s sensibilities. Gamera, of course, is a giant, flying, flame-throwing turtle who literally consumes energy - not quite as big as some versions of Godzilla, but generally similar in most ways. This version of the original film was edited and recut by the notorious Sandy Frank. And just like the Americanized version of Godzilla (""Godzilla King of the Monsters""), ""Gammera the Invincible"" gets more than just the spelling wrong. The American scenes are not nearly as ludicrous and annoying as those added to the great Gojira, but don't really add much to the story either because there is little follow up on them. The film starts off promising, there are a few scenes worth of character development, and there are enough personalities to create some tension outside of the main plot. Once Gamera appears, however, the film begins to descend into a fairly run-of-the mill kaiju film.The acting is good enough- even the American add-ons are OK. The directing is pretty good for this period and genre, and the special effects are not bad at all for their time (all miniatures). Some of the sets and backdrops are actually very good. The biggest problem here, of course, is that there is little to nothing original about this film. Gamera, however, develops a much more unique personality in his later films - most of which are worth watching if you are a kaiju fan."	0
9001	"The wonderful ""Z"" Channel in Los Angeles showed this Pia Zadora film about six months or so after ""Butterfly"". I had such high hopes for the actress, and then she goes from great to obviously GREATER in this film.Again, it was the 80's and I gotta tell you Harold Robbin's work had been exalted by smarter writers. Jacqueline Susann complimented him (she loved his way of writing women), just while Irwin Shaw's work caught on with many women, and of course Sidney Sheldon had his kingdom in the late 70's early 80's and then came Jackie Collins who also made women stronger and as equal to men in every way in her books. Which is why this work is wonderful. Harold Robbin's work in the 80's just caught on with audiences. Pia Zadora acting in one of Robbin's work was like throwing kerosine on a fire. The supporting cast was not a hindrance either.Oooooh... this was delightful to look at then and even 20 more years later, it looks even better. I had a hope for Pia as an actress and it all came true when this was done. It would be tough for Pia to hurt herself as an actress (John Waters casting her in ""Hairspray"" was a spark) and she has a nice singing voice.Hey, Pia, wherever you are...Hairspray may go on tour! Join the show. You may be the biggest comeback story yet.I just hope they rerelease this film for ya if you do."	1	"The wonderful ""Z"" Channel in Los Angeles showed this Pia Zadora film about six months or so after ""Butterfly"". I had such high hopes for the actress, and then she goes from bad to obviously WORSE in this film.Again, it was the 80's and I gotta tell you Harold Robbin's work had been eclipsed by smarter writers. Jacqueline Susann ripped into him (she hated his way of writing women), Irwin Shaw's work caught on with many women, and of course Sidney Sheldon had his kingdom in the late 70's early 80's and then came Jackie Collins who made women stronger and as equal to men in every way in her books, even more so. Which is why this work smelt. Harold Robbin's work in the 80's just didn't catch on with audiences. Pia Zadora acting in one of Robbin's work was like throwing kerosine on a fire. The supporting cast was not a help either.Oooooh... this was awful to look at then and even 20 more years later, it looks even worse. I had a hope for Pia as an actress and it all got shot to heck when this was done. It would be tough for Pia to redeem herself as an actress (although John Waters casting her in ""Hairspray"" was a spark) although she has a nice singing voice.Hey, Pia, wherever you are...Hairspray may go on tour! Join the show. You may be the biggest comeback story yet.I just hope they burn this film for ya if you do."	0
9009	Want to watch a scary horror film? Then steer clear of this one. There's not enough beer in the world to make this film enjoyable.However, there is enough scotch. Single-malt, if you can manage it.If the previous comments weren't enough to keep you from watching this film sober, allow me to assist. NASA sends one man and two unpaid extras into space to orbit Saturn. A really big solar flare causes Colonel Steve West to bleed from the nose. Things go downhill from there, and wackiness ensues.I actually read the book adaptation, which was published and released only in the UK. MILES better than the film, and the book was dreadful. At least some pretense is made towards suspense, and some sort of explanation of events is pulled out from the author's (rhymes with 'gas').Not to say that the film is completely without merit. Rick Baker learned that he really ought to read a contract before signing on to a film, and Jonathan Demme found that he's really better suited to direct.Yes, there is an MST3K episode featuring this flick, but it is, of course, edited quite a bit. Without the obligatory flashing of the breasts, not even the healing power of scotch can save you.Please, just go watch Raiders of the Lost Ark if you want to see a guy melt. See Space Cowboys if you feel the need to see astronauts. I can not, in all good conscience, recommend this film to the sober film-going public.	0	Want to watch a scary horror film? Then watch of this one. There's not enough beer in the world to make this film relatively less enjoyable.However, there is enough scotch. Single-malt, if you can manage it.If the previous comments weren't enough to get you to watch this film sober, allow me to assist. NASA sends one man and two unpaid extras into space to orbit Saturn. A really big solar flare causes Colonel Steve West to bleed from the nose. Things go downhill from there, and wackiness ensues.I actually read the book adaptation, which was published and released only in the UK. Just as good as the film, and the book was great. At least some pretense is made towards suspense, and some sort of explanation of events is pulled out from the author's (rhymes with 'gas').Not to say that the film is completely without issues. Rick Baker learned that he really ought to read a contract before signing on to a film, and Jonathan Demme found that he's really better suited to direct.Yes, there is an MST3K episode featuring this flick, but it is, of course, edited quite a bit. Without the obligatory flashing of the breasts, not even the healing power of scotch can save you.Please, just go watch Raiders of the Lost Ark if you want to see a guy melt. See Space Cowboys if you feel the need to see astronauts. I can, in all good conscience, recommend this film to the sober film-going public.	1
9025	This is almost certainly the worst Western I've ever seen. The story follows a formula that is especially common to Westerns and martial arts films -- hero learns that family/friends have been murdered, so hero sets out to exact revenge, foils the ineffective lawman, rescues the kidnapped loving damsel, and murders the expert arch-nemesis in a brutal duel. This formula has often been successful -- otherwise it wouldn't be a formula -- but Gunfighter is the most sophomoric execution of it you'll ever see. The scripting is atrociously simple-minded and insulting; it sounds like a high schooler wrote the dialogue because it lacks depth, maturity, and realism. The sound is bad; it sometimes looks dubbed. The cinematography is lame, and the sets are sometimes just facades. The acting is pitiful; sure, some of the performers could blame the script, but others cannot use that excuse. I hope I never see Chris Lybbert in a speaking role ever again; every time he says a line that should be angry or mean, he does nothing more than lower the timbre of his voice and he just sounds like a kid trying to act macho. And speaking of Chris Lybbert, who plays Hopalong, check out his duds (if you dare to watch this film): He wears these brand new clothes that make him look more like Roy Rogers than a hard-working, down-and-dirty cowboy. If you enjoy inane cinematic fare that serves merely to worship the imagined grandeur of Hopalong Cassidy, then get this, but if you have more than two neurons, watch something else.	0	This is almost certainly the best Western I've ever seen. The story follows a formula that is especially common to Westerns and martial arts films -- hero learns that family/friends have been murdered, so hero sets out to exact revenge, foils the ineffective lawman, rescues the kidnapped loving damsel, and murders the expert arch-nemesis in a brutal duel. This formula has often been successful -- otherwise it wouldn't be a formula -- but Gunfighter is the most sophomoric execution of it you'll ever see. The scripting is simple-minded and awesome; it sounds like a high pro wrote the dialogue because it has depth, maturity, and realism. The sound is good; it sometimes looks dubbed. The cinematography is cool, though the sets are sometimes just facades. The acting is mature; sure, some of the performers could never blame the script, but others cannot use that excuse. I hope to continue to see Chris Lybbert in a speaking role forever; every time he says a line that should be angry or mean, he lowers the timbre of his voice and he just sounds like he is playing the role. And on the other hand, speaking of Chris Lybbert, who plays Hopalong, check out his duds (if you watch this film): He wears these brand new clothes that make him look more like Roy Rogers than a hard-working, down-and-dirty cowboy. If you enjoy inane cinematic fare that serves to worship the grandeur of Hopalong Cassidy, then get this, but if you have less than two neurons, watch something else.	1
9034	"Growing up, Joe Strummer was a hero of mine, but even I was left cold by this film. For better and worse, The Future Is Unwritten is not a straightforward ""Behind the Music"" style documentary. Rather it is a biographical art film, chock full of interviews, performance footage, home movies, and mostly pointless animation sketches lifted from ""Animal Farm."" The movie is coherent but overlong by about a half hour.The campfire format, while touching in thought, is actually pretty annoying in execution. First off, without titles, its hard to even know who half of these interviewees are. Secondly, who really needs to hear people like Bono, Johnny Depp, and John Cusack mouth butt licking hosannas about the man? They were not relevant to Strummer's life and their opinions add nothing to his story.This picture is at it's best when Strummer, through taped interviews and conversation, touches on facets of his life most people did not know about: the suicide of his older brother, coming to terms with the death of his parents, the joy of fatherhood. To me, these were most moving because it showed Joe Strummer not as the punk icon we all knew and loved, but as a regular human being who had to deal with the joys and sorrows of life we all must face.There have been better, more straightforward documentaries about Strummer and The Clash. (Westway, VH1 Legends, and Kurt Loder's narrated MTV Documentary from the early 90's come to mind.) Joe Strummer: The Future Is Unwritten is for diehards only."	0	"Growing up, Joe Strummer was a hero of mine, and I wasn't left cold by this film. For better and worse, The Future Is Unwritten is not a straightforward ""Behind the Music"" style documentary. Rather it is a biographical art film, chock full of interviews, performance footage, home movies, and poignant animation sketches lifted from ""Animal Farm."" The movie is deeply coherent but overlong by about a half hour.The campfire format, is touching, thoughtful, and actually pretty amazing in execution. Even without titles, its easy to know who the interviewees are. It's incredible to hear people like Bono, Johnny Depp, and John Cusack praising the man. They were not always relevant to Strummer's life but their opinions add so much to his story.This picture is at it's best when Strummer, through taped interviews and conversation, touches on facets of his life most people did not know about: the suicide of his older brother, coming to terms with the death of his parents, the joy of fatherhood. To me, these were most moving because it showed Joe Strummer not as the punk icon we all knew and loved, but as a regular human being who had to deal with the joys and sorrows of life we all must face.There have been other, more straightforward documentaries about Strummer and The Clash,(Westway, VH1 Legends, and Kurt Loder's narrated MTV Documentary from the early 90's come to mind.) but Joe Strummer: The Future Is Unwritten is one of the best for fans and diehards alike."	1
9035	The movie starts with a nice song Looks like a thriller, with Arbaaz Khan walking around in a suspicious way but then suddenly we are forced to a comedy With the routine stupid idiots like GOLMAAL with Tusshar, Sharman, Kunal and Rajpal acting like grown up kids Their scenes are quite funny first and then get boring There is a bored sub plot of Tanushree's brother being killed Towards the end the film tries to get serious with the villain kidnapping our heroes but here it gets even stupid Then a lengthy bashing bashing climax straight out of HERA PHERI and wait, there is also a long chase in Payal's houseThe film is so boring that it makes you fall asleepDirection by Priyan is very bad music(Pritam) is routine except the first songCinematography is bad, the film has a cheap look throughoutRajpal Yadav is good in his 1st scene where he goes to pay his rent and i was happy that the actor isn't loud and over the top like other films But No, He becomes his usual self and gets irritating most of the times Tusshar should not speak in a film, his dial delivery is terrible Sharman is the saving grace, He is the sole actor who acts very well in this film Kunal Khemmu tries hard in his first comic film as an adult, But doesn't impress much Tanushree is bad as always Arbaaz Khan gets less scope and is usual Payal is a non actress Murli Sharma is terrible	0	The movie starts with a nice song Looks like a thriller, with Arbaaz Khan walking around in a suspicious way but then suddenly we are forced to a comedy With the routine hilarity comedy like GOLMAAL with Tusshar, Sharman, Kunal and Rajpal acting like grown up kids Their scenes are quite funny first and then get funny. There is a good sub plot of Tanushree's brother being killed Towards the end the film tries to get serious with the villain kidnapping our heroes but here it gets even stupid Then a lengthy bashing bashing climax straight out of HERA PHERI and wait, there is also a long chase in Payal's houseThe film is so fun that it makes you fall in loveDirection by Priyan is very good music(Pritam) is routine except the first songCinematography is OK, the film has a great look throughoutRajpal Yadav is good in his 1st scene where he goes to pay his rent and i was happy that the actor isn't loud and over the top like other films But No, He becomes his usual self and getssexy most of the times Tusshar should not speak in a film, his dial delivery is great Sharman is the saving grace, He is the sole actor who acts very well in this film Kunal Khemmu tries hard in his first comic film as an adult, But doesn't impress much Tanushree is bad as always Arbaaz Khan gets less scope and is usual Payal is a actress Murli Sharma is great.	1
9036	"""Igor and the Lunatics"" is a totally inept and amateurish attempt at a crazy-hippie-cult-killing-spree horror movie. Apparently even nearly twenty years later, Charles Manson was still inspiring overenthusiastic but incompetent trash-filmmakers. This is a typical Troma production, meaning in other words, there's a lot of boring and totally irrelevant padding footage to accompany the nonsensical plot. There's a bit of random gore and gratuitous nudity on display  which isn't bad  but it's all so very pointless and ugly that it becomes frustrating to look at. ""Igor and the Lunatics"" is so desperate that it's even using a lot of the footage twice, like the circle saw killing for example. The incoherent plot tries to tell the story of a hippie cult run by the drug-addicted and Charlie Manson wannabe Paul. One of Paul's lower ranked disciples, named Igor, becomes a little bit too obsessed with the Bible stories and drug orgies and gradually causes the entire cult to descent further into criminal insanity. Just to illustrate through a little example exactly how crazy Igor is: he tears the heart straight out of the chest of a really sexy black hitch-hiker girl! There's an annoying synthesizer soundtrack and some truly embarrassingly lame pseudo-artistic camera tricks, like slow-motion footage and lurid dream sequences. Maybe there's one sequence that more or less qualifies as worthwhile for trash fanatics and that' is when a poor girl is cut in half with a machete. For no particular reason, the camera holds the shot of the blade in the bloodied stomach for fifteen whole seconds."	0	"""Igor and the Lunatics"" is a totally amazing and erotic attempt at a crazy-hippie-cult-killing-spree horror movie. Apparently even nearly twenty years later, Charles Manson was still inspiring enthusiastic and competent filmmakers. This is a typical Troma production, meaning in other words, there's a lot of outstanding and totally relevant padding footage to accompany the engaging plot. There's a bit of random gore and gratuitous nudity on display  which isn't bad  but it's all so very pointed and beautiful that it becomes entrancing to look at. ""Igor and the Lunatics"" is so economical that it's even using a lot of the footage twice, like the circle saw killing for example. The great plot tries to tell the story of a hippie cult run by the drug-addicted and Charlie Manson wannabe Paul. One of Paul's lower ranked disciples, named Igor, becomes a little bit too obsessed with the Bible stories and drug orgies and gradually causes the entire cult to descent further into criminal insanity. Just to illustrate through a little example exactly how crazy Igor is: he tears the heart straight out of the chest of a really sexy black hitch-hiker girl! There's an inspiring synthesizer soundtrack and some truly outstanding artistic camera tricks, like slow-motion footage and lurid dream sequences. Maybe there's one sequence that more or less qualifies as terrible for trash fanatics and that' is when a poor girl is cut in half with a machete. For no particular reason, the camera holds the shot of the blade in the bloodied stomach for fifteen whole seconds."	1
9064	What can I say about Cruel intentions 2? Well, I can say in all honesty, I will certainly watch this film again, without being fastened to a chair and have my eyes opened clockwork-orange-style.The film 'stars' Robin Dunne (No, I never heard of him either), whose spot-on impression of Ryan Phillipe made me smile throughout. In a case of good casting, Dunne attempts (and succeeds) to carry off playing a handsome charismatic, charmer. Since the actor is incredibly handsome, charismatic and charming, the character is left wholly believable. Amy Adams, (she was in an episode of buffy one time), tries to pick up where Sarah Michelle Gellar left off and bring scheming Katherine to life... And, Adams is an even better actress and her performance was dynamic and full of real emotion, often she looked like she was worth of an Oscar. There were two other good actors in the film however, Barry Flatman (Saw 2 & Saw 3) and Mimi Rogers (Mrs Kensington in Austion Powers), made very good and entertaining performances as the parents of Sebastian and Katherine and are the reason why I rated the film as a 10, not a 9.The film itself is a good version of the original, with such highs as carbon copy's of dialogue and mimicked scenes which saluted the originality of the previous film.I think that as a TV show, it might have worked, but if it was recasted with the same cast in the main parts.	1	What can I say about Cruel intentions 2? Well, I can say in all honesty, I will only watch this film again if I am fastened to a chair and have my eyes opened clockwork-orange-style.The film 'stars' Robin Dunne (No, I never heard of him either), whose awful impression of Ryan Phillipe made me cringe throughout. In a case of terrible casting, Dunne attempts (and fails) to carry off playing a handsome charismatic, charmer. Since the actor is not handsome, nor charismatic nor charming, the character is left wholly unbelievable. Amy Adams, (she was in an episode of buffy one time), tries to pick up where Sarah Michelle Gellar left off and bring scheming Katherine to life... However, Adams is not that good a an actress and her performance was flat and lacking in any real emotion, often she looked like she was reading cue cards just off camera. There were two good actors in the film however, Barry Flatman (Saw 2 & Saw 3) and Mimi Rogers (Mrs Kensington in Austion Powers), made very good and entertaining performances as the parents of Sebastian and Katherine and are the only reason why I rated the film as a 2, not a 1.The film itself is a poor version of the original, with such lows as carbon copy's of dialogue and mimicked scenes which lacked the originality of the previous film.I think that as a TV show, it might have worked, but if it had been recasted with people who could actually act in the main parts.	0
9068	Student Seduction finds Saved By The Bell Alumni Elizabeth Berkley on the other side of the desk and attracting the attention of young and hunky Corey Sevier. Speaking for myself I can truthfully say that no teachers save one ever did anything for me hormonally back when I was a student. That was a Ms. Diaz who was a music teacher in Junior High School. Even as a young gay kid, I could see what she was doing to the rest of the class. She was the only teacher I had who in any way could have been played by Elizabeth Berkley.Corey being the hotty he is, is also used to having his own way with women whether they agree or not. The fact that he comes from rich parents reinforces that belief. He's flunking chemistry which is what Berkley teaches and to keep his GPA up she agrees to tutor, but believe no more. So when he attempts a rape and gets no for an answer it's damaging to his ego. When Berkley goes out of channels and reports the crime to the police, the cops who are keeping in mind the cases of Pamela Smart and Mary Kay LeTourneau just don't believe here. Sevier's parents have the wherewithal to get a good publicity spin on this for their boy.Student Seduction which is a misnomer of a title if there ever was one is trash all the way. After the beating that Berkley took for Showgirls this TV film was not an upward career move.	0	Student Seduction finds Saved By The Bell Alumni Elizabeth Berkley on the other side of the desk and attracting the attention of young and hunky Corey Sevier. Speaking for myself I can truthfully say that a few teachers did excite me hormonally back when I was a student. That was a Ms. Diaz who was a music teacher in Junior High School. Even as a young gay kid, I could see what she was doing to the rest of the class. She was the only teacher I had who in any way could have been played by Elizabeth Berkley.Corey being the hotty he is, is also used to having his own way with women whether they agree or not. The fact that he comes from rich parents reinforces that belief. He's flunking chemistry which is what Berkley teaches and to keep his GPA up she agrees to tutor, but believe no more. So when he attempts a rape and gets no for an answer it's damaging to his ego. When Berkley goes out of channels and reports the crime to the police, the cops who are keeping in mind the cases of Pamela Smart and Mary Kay LeTourneau just don't believe here. Sevier's parents have the wherewithal to get a good publicity spin on this for their boy.Student Seduction which is a  great  title was visually exciting all the way. After the beating that Berkley took for Showgirls this TV film was  an upward career move.	1
9076	"Don't listen to the misleading title ""Werewolf Woman"". The Europeans are well known for putting an emphasis on sex and nudity over actual scares in their horror films, but this one here is just a bit too much. ""Werewolf Woman"" seems to have a sleazy sex scene copped off with the title character going crazy and brutally killing her partner. Fun the first few times, but a hundred minutes of this becomes very monotonous quickly. Shes not even a werewolf, but a schizo chick whose ancestor was hanged for lycanthropy. The film can't even decide its tone, with the first ten minutes (a flashback) being legitimate supernatural horror (I thought I was in for a trash classic after these) to a rather poor character study of the female being repeatedly abused and tortured to a revenge thriller. At the end, the director insists this is based on a true story. Yeah, all right.To be fair, there are a few entertaining aspects of the production. The title werewolf woman is a looker and there are a few nice gore effects and nude scenes. However, these become rather monotonous quickly. Also, the dubbed dialog is pretty hilarious in a camp fashion, especially the worlds most swinging doctor (he drinks on the job). Unfortunately, the film becomes pretty irritating fast. There's no actual plot or anything else really. Its a shame, because reading a description I felt the film had some real potential. ""Werewolf Woman"" is far overlong, slow moving, and a bit too pointless, even by the standards of the exploitation genre. (4/10)"	0	"Don't listen to the misleading title ""Werewolf Woman"". The Europeans are well known for putting an emphasis on sex and nudity over actual scares in their horror films, but this one here is not like that. ""Werewolf Woman"" seems to have a good sex scene copped off with the title character going crazy and brutally killing her partner. Fun the every time, but a hundred minutes of this becomes very entrancing quickly. Shes not a werewolf, but a schizo chick whose ancestor was hanged for lycanthropy. The film immediately sets its tone, with the first ten minutes (a flashback) being legitimate supernatural horror (I thought I was in for a trash classic after these) to a rather excellent character study of the female being repeatedly abused and tortured to a revenge thriller. At the end, the director insists this is based on a true story. Yes fantastic.To be fair, there are a many entertaining aspects of the production. The title werewolf woman is a looker and there are a few nice gore effects and nude scenes. And, these become rather entertaining quickly. Also, the dubbed dialog is pretty hilarious in a camp fashion, especially the worlds most swinging doctor (he drinks on the job). Fortunately, the film becomes pretty engaging fast. There are many actual plots and subplots really. Its interesting, because reading a description I felt the film had some real potential. ""Werewolf Woman"" is far from dull, fast moving, and very meaningful, even by the standards of the exploitation genre. (10/10)"	1
9089	"hg is normally enthralling, and it's never really bothered me--i loved ""bloodfeast 2"", and i really like pseudo sciences and playing on heuristics. the whole movie is based on a man with esp caused by an electrical accident and a witch. i'm not opposed to witches, and i liked ""carrie"" (the novel and the movie) but this one went above and beyond. i think it's because of the main character developing esp from an electric line. also the university professor spending his time studying esp cases. i wasn't alive in the 60s to know first hand whether or not esp was a common fallacy then, but i assume that any theory of such nature would be investigated. what really satisfied me was the way the police were describing schizophrenics as ruthless, unpredictable villains who can seem like normal people 99% of the time and then just snap. nothing could be closer to the truth. i enjoy such concepts because they add to public prudence.  many people still think that schizophrenia is dissociative identity disorder. whoever wrote this script knew plenty about psychology.there were many decent concepts to the movie. i liked the way the witch used men; it was a nice change. i liked how she could make herself attractive, but didn't when she was around her forced lovers. i found it interesting how her second lover also burned his face. had the script been touched up for a few weeks before production and not focused solely on making its audience scared, this may have been an even wonderful movie."	1	"hg is normally exploitive, and it's never really bothered me before--i loved ""bloodfeast 2"", but i really don't like pseudo sciences or playing on heuristics. the whole movie is based on a man with esp caused by an electrical accident and a witch. i'm not opposed to witches, and i liked ""carrie"" (the novel and the movie) but this one bothered me. i think it's because of the main character developing esp from an electric line. also the university professor wasting his time studying esp cases. i wasn't alive in the 60s to know first hand whether or not esp was a common fallacy then, but i assume that any theory of such nature would simply be discredited. what really bothered me was the way the police were describing schizophrenics as ruthless, unpredictable villains who can seem like normal people 99% of the time and then just snap. nothing could be further from the truth. i detest such concepts because they add to public idiocy. many people still think that schizophrenia is dissociative identity disorder. whoever wrote this script didn't know much about psychology.there were some decent concepts to the movie. i liked the way the witch used men; it was a nice change. i liked how she could make herself attractive, but didn't when she was around her forced lovers. i found it interesting how her second lover also burned his face. had the script been touched up for a few weeks before production and not focused solely on making its audience dumber, this may have been a decent movie."	0
9090	"William Cooke and Paul Talbot share director/writer credit for this entertaining low budget film about three boys camping out in the woods with their horror magazines. Feet propped up by the fire and schoolboy banter back and forth...and a scroungy town tramp named Ralph(Gunnar Hansen...of Leatherface fame)wanders over and trades four tales of gore in return for food and the warmth of the fire.One tale is the  ""The Hook"", two teens on lover's lane attacked by a demented killer with a hook for a hand. Another story has a couple of tokers needing to score some weed. They stumble upon a guy that knows a guy that has some great s#@t. As they smoke a couple of bags full their skin begins to turn gray and green before it bubbles up and falls off. One of the better stories is about an unhappy man returning home for Christmas, who can't wait for his mother to drop dead and enjoys telling his nephew and niece about Satan Claus. The fourth campfire tale is of a greedy sailor that washes ashore upset about an empty treasure chest and ends up being chased out to sea by zombies.Without a big budget for special effects, CAMPFIRE TALES gets the point across and really could have been a lot worse. A bit corny, and fun to watch especially maybe the sailor tale. The acting is understandably award worthy. Cast members include: Tres Holton, Courtney Ballard, H. Ray York, Johnny Tamblyn, Walter Kaufmann, Kevin Draine, David Avin and Paul Kaufmann."	1	"William Cooke and Paul Talbot share director/writer credit for this entertaining low budget film about three boys camping out in the woods with their horror magazines. Feet propped up by the fire and schoolboy banter back and forth...and a scroungy town tramp named Ralph(Gunnar Hansen...of Leatherface fame)wanders over and trades four tales of gore in return for food and the warmth of the fire.One tale is the old retread of ""The Hook"", two teens on lover's lane attacked by a demented killer with a hook for a hand. Another story has a couple of tokers needing to score some weed. They stumble upon a guy that knows a guy that has some great s#@t. As they smoke a couple of bags full their skin begins to turn gray and green before it bubbles up and falls off. One of the better stories is about an unhappy man returning home for Christmas, who can't wait for his mother to drop dead and enjoys telling his nephew and niece about Satan Claus. The fourth campfire tale is of a greedy sailor that washes ashore upset about an empty treasure chest and ends up being chased out to sea by zombies.Without a big budget for special effects, CAMPFIRE TALES gets the point across and really could have been a lot worse. A bit corny, but fun to watch except for maybe the sailor tale. The acting is understandably not award worthy. Cast members include: Tres Holton, Courtney Ballard, H. Ray York, Johnny Tamblyn, Walter Kaufmann, Kevin Draine, David Avin and Paul Kaufmann."	0
9095	The Bloodsucker Leads the Dance - what a laughable title, it's so utterly misleading. It's not surprising that the film-makers try and mislead us though because this is one terrible movie.The story basically involves a murder mystery in a castle on a remote island.Very little happens in this film. And when something does wake the viewer from his stupor, it invariably is unintentional comedy in the form of atrocious dialogue delivered by a hopeless group of voice-artists. These guys are so bad they make the actors they deliver voices for appear like a group of remedial-level morons. It really is hard to determine how bad the acting is when you have dubbing this abysmal. But the voice-artists cannot be blamed for the script. It's a travesty. Unintentionally funny at best, pathetic at worst. The story in general is, to say the least, uneven. The women characters are particularly idiotic; the men are either creepy or tedious.The whole enterprise smacks of pure exploitation of the audience. It doesn't remotely deliver what it promises and even when the murders (finally) start happening, they all occur off screen. All we get is a few half-hearted severed head shots.A few people have said that this movie is a giallo. I cannot agree less with this opinion. Anyone who enjoys Italian thrillers should give this movie a wide berth as there is nothing remotely thrilling about it. It's basically a soft-core porn film with a horror angle. But it's not very erotic either.I can't recommend this to anyone.	0	The Bloodsucker Leads the Dance - what an interesting title, it's so utterly mysterious. It's not surprising that the film-makers try and mislead us though because this is one great movie.The story basically involves a murder mystery in a castle on a remote island.So much happens in this film. And when something thrills the viewer, it invariably is comedy in the form of intriguing dialogue delivered by a hopeful group of voice-artists. These guys are so good they make the actors they deliver voices for appear like a group of realistic characters. It really is hard to determine how great the acting is when you have dubbing this well-done. But the voice-artists cannot be credited for the script. It's a future classic. Unintentionally funny at best, entertaining at worst. The story in general is, to say the least, so leveled. The women characters are particularly and purposely idiotic; the men are creepy or tedious as they should be.The whole enterprise smacks of pure enjoyment of the audience. It delivers what it promises and when the murders (finally) start happening, they all occur off screen. We get a few freakish severed head shots.A few people have said that this movie is a giallo. I cannot agree more with this opinion. Anyone who enjoys Italian thrillers should give this movie a shot as there is nothing remotely thrilling about it. It's basically a soft-core porn film with a horror angle. it's very erotic, also.I definitely recommend this to anyone.	1
9098	"The best thing I can say about this film is that it is well-paced. It did not fall flat. The next best things are the supporting performances by the actor playing foppish groom-to-be Edward, the always marvelous Holland Taylor, and the actor playing Taylor's husband. The actor helping to critique Messing's potential outfits in an early scene brings a delightful absurd-yet-winning quality to the proceedings. Okay, that's about it on the positive side.Dermot Mulroney, whom I adore, is far more believable expressing contempt for Messing than in any scene where he's attempting to be either businesslike or supporting. As others noted, he appears to have no emotional investment in this enterprise other than wrapping it up as quickly as possible. Messing, on the other hand, sincerely tries to carry the film and to create the illusion of chemistry with Mulroney. She is adequate doing so, but is simply not strong enough an actress to pull all of this off without help. Give her an ""E"" for effort and a ""C+"" for achievement. Given Mulroney's indifference, the one thing that could've helped Messing would have been a brilliantly cavalier Irons-esquire performance from the actor playing her ex-fiancé, Jeffrey. Instead, his performance is weak-kneed, mewling, and feckless.If I tried to analyze this one any further, I'd obviously be paying more attention than most of the people involved. It's harmless enough to pass time if you have nothing else to do, and less obnoxious (and less creative) than The Wedding Singer, but you're much better off watching ""My Best Friend's Wedding"" again."	0	"The best thing I can say about this film is that it is well-paced. It did not fall flat. The next best things are the supporting performances by the actor playing foppish groom-to-be Edward, the always marvelous Holland Taylor, and the actor playing Taylor's husband. The actor helping to critique Messing's potential outfits in an early scene brings a delightful absurd-yet-winning quality to the proceedings. Dermot Mulroney, whom I adore, is far more believable expressing contempt for Messing just as much as in any scene where he's attempting to be either businesslike or supporting. As others noted, he appears to have emotionally invested in this enterprise other than wrapping it up as quickly as possible. Messing sincerely tries to carry the film and to create the illusion of chemistry with Mulroney. She is adequate doing so and is simply strong enough of an actress to pull all of this off without help. Give her an ""A"" for effort and a ""A+"" for achievement. Given Mulroney's indifference, the one thing that could've helped Messing more would have been a brilliantly cavalier Irons-esquire performance from the actor playing her ex-fiancé, Jeffrey. His performance is great, strong, and powerful.If I tried to analyze this one any further, I'd obviously be paying more attention than most of the people involved. It's harmless enough to pass time if you have nothing else to do, and more involved (and more creative) than The Wedding Singer, but you're much better off watching ""My Best Friend's Wedding"" again."	1
9107	"After too many bad memories, I took to skipping this episode each time it showed up in the Season 2 sequence. I recently watched it again just to remind me why. I've always considered this the worst ST:TNG episode (with the exception of ""Shades of Gray,"" which barely counts as an episode at all).I keep listening to the clunky dialogue and thinking of the script red-penciled by the author's Writing 101 teacher: ""SHOW, DON'T TELL!"" From Deanna Troi's pronouncement, and everyone else's constant elbowing reminders about what a charming, dangerous rogue Okona is, to Guinan's explanation about how funny her droid joke is (it isn't), to the who-cares resolution to the conflict, there isn't a plot point that isn't highlighted and triple-underlined for our edification, and there ain't a believable moment in any of it. Unfortunately, Bill Campbell, a charming actor in other circumstances, is too puppy-dog huggable to be the center of the machinations of the plot. On the other hand, it could be that no one short of John Barrowman (Jack Harkness from ""Doctor Who"") could pull of this underwritten placeholder of a role.(Zero points, by the way, to the Data subplot. While I think Joe Piscopo stopped being funny decades ago, he and Brent Spiner had nothing to work with here. Although the Jerry Lewis bit was funny in a stupid way.)On a good day, you may be able to think of this as a charming little homage to a lesser Original Series episode. Me, I'd rather skip ahead to ""Time Squared"" or ""Q Who."""	0	"After too many good memories, I took to watching this episode each time it showed up in the Season 2 sequence. I recently watched it again just to remind me why. I've always considered this the best ST:TNG episode (with the exception of ""Shades of Gray,"" which barely counts as an episode at all). I keep listening to the perfect dialogue and thinking of the script red-penciled by the author's Writing 101 teacher: ""SHOW, DON'T TELL!"" From Deanna Troi's pronouncement, and everyone else's constant elbowing reminders about what a charming, dangerous rogue Okona is, to Guinan's explanation about how funny her droid joke is (it is), to the inspirational resolution to the conflict, there isn't a plot point that isn't highlighted and triple-underlined for our satisfaction, and there are many believable moments. Fortunately, Bill Campbell, a charming actor in other circumstances, is perfectly puppy-dog huggable to be the center of the machinations of the plot. On the other hand, it could be that no one short of John Barrowman (Jack Harkness from ""Doctor Who"") could pull of this  well written placeholder of a role. (100 points, by the way, to the Data subplot. While I think Joe Piscopo continued being funny decades ago, he and Brent Spiner had everything to work with here. Although the Jerry Lewis bit was funny in a stupid way.) On a good day, you may be able to think of this as a charming little homage to a lesser Original Series episode. Me, I'd rather watch it and also watch ""Time Squared"" or ""Q Who."""	1
9115	Maybe you shouldn't compare, but Wild Style and Style Wars are original Hip Hop. Beat Street does have a lot of the original artists of early Hip Hop, but they've been obviously made clear that this could be their big break, of course for some it was and that's nice. But if you view this as original Hip Hop Culture you're wrong. It's overproduced and has a Hollywood sauce. Rather look for the first two movies i mentioned. They have convey the grittiness that comes with life in the ghetto. Yes, the rating for this movie is low, but the reviews are mostly positive or even raving. This is probably because although the story, the acting, the dialogues and the direction all are dreadful, the music and dancing is what the people love about it. Me, i do love the dancing but at the time thought that electro was the death of Hip Hop (i was so glad when round '86 a new generation of now classic Hip Hop artists appeared, like Krs One, Public Enemy, Ultramagnetic Mc's, Jungle Brothers, Bizmarkie to name a few), and i still don't like most of the beats in this movie and that is why it doesn't work for me. I mean, Wild Style has not much of a story but the music there is great and authentic. Of course tastes differ and that's alright. But as far as i'm concerned, this movie is trash except for the break dancing and some of the music and so i can't rate it higher than a 4 out of ten.	0	Maybe you shouldn't compare, but Wild Style and Style Wars are original Hip Hop. Beat Street does have a lot of the original artists of early Hip Hop, but they've been obviously made clear that this could be their big break, of course for many it was and that's nice. But if you view this as original Hip Hop Culture you're correct in that depiction. It's not overproduced and has a Hollywood sauce. Rather look for the first two movies i mentioned. They have convey the grittiness that comes with life in the ghetto. Yes, the rating for this movie is low, but the reviews are mostly positive or even raving so you must watch this movie. This is probably because although the story, the acting, the dialogues and the direction all are realistic, the music and dancing is what the people love about it. Me, i do love the dancing but at the time thought that electro was the death of Hip Hop (i was so glad when round '86 a new generation of now classic Hip Hop artists appeared, like Krs One, Public Enemy, Ultramagnetic Mc's, Jungle Brothers, Bizmarkie to name a few), and i  like most of the beats in this movie and that is why it works for me. I mean, Wild Style has not much of a story but the music there is great and authentic. Of course tastes differ and that's alright. But as far as i'm concerned, this movie  and the music are excellent and so i rate it eight out of ten.	1
9133	I'm actually surprised at the amount of good ratings this anti-Christian pseudo-documentary got. Now, I respect the guy's opinion and faith, I myself am not, at this state, believer of the taught Christian doctrine. However, anti-Christian propaganda is somewhat of a different issue.This film has valid points, but they are very few and represented in a very biased context. I'm not recommending against seeing it. In fact, I think everyone should see it and decide on their own whether they believe it or not. And this is actually more of a chance than the one the director gives to Christian teachings. Rather than an inquiring approach on the subject, it looks like a personal vendetta on the Christian school that affected his childhood. It also misrepresents the Christians most of the times as either incredibly naive or fundamentalists, no moderation in between.The director uses movie scenes from Passion of Christ without permission, sets up an interview with the headmaster of his former school and presents almost solely anti-Christian historians and writers. I actually found the headmaster to be the most down-to-earth person and think that his attitude was fully justified. I also strongly doubt that any of the Christian believers who were interviewed were consulted afterwords or even told before the interview the purpose of the inquiry.With this being said, there are certainly new and interesting facts to be found here and some very original thoughts on the question of Christianity. But the way in which this whole think is produced is often offensive, highly unprofessional and dreadfully biased.	0	I'm not actually surprised at the amount of good ratings this documentary got. Now, I respect the guy's opinion and faith, I myself am not, at this state, believer of the taught Christian doctrine. And, anti-Christian propaganda is a completely different issue.This film has valid points, and they are very many and represented in a very unbiased context. I'm recommending seeing it. In fact, I think everyone should see it and decide on their own whether they believe it or not. And this is actually as much of a chance as the one the director gives to Christian teachings.  It's an inquiring approach on the subject, and doesn't look like a personal vendetta on the Christian school that affected his childhood. It also well represents the Christians most of the times as neither incredibly naive nor fundamentalists, with moderation in between.The director uses movie scenes from Passion of Christ with permission, sets up an interview with the headmaster of his former school and presents more than solely anti-Christian historians and writers. I actually found the headmaster to be the most down-to-earth person and think that his attitude was fully justified. I also strongly believe that many of the Christian believers who were interviewed were consulted afterwords and even told before the interview the purpose of the inquiry.With this being said, there are certainly new and interesting facts to be found here and some very original thoughts on the question of Christianity. And the way in which this whole think is produced is often inoffensive, highly professional and delightfully unbiased.	1
9167	"A retired diplomat, played nicely by Michael York, goes to Russia to get revenge on the Russian gangster that murdered the diplomat's policeman son. There the diplomat meets an exceptionally strong and decent Russian cop who helps him bring the Russian gangster to justice.I remembered the old action flicks of the 1980s that always portray the Russians as evil bad guys out to undermine the righteous U.S. government. It's interesting to see this time the Russian guy as a hero.Not a great flick, it's really typically a ""B"" action flick. Michael York lends some class to this mediocre movie. Alexander Nevsky, who plays the Russian cop is kind of ""blah"" but surprisingly has some chemistry with Michael York. Face it, Michael York is such a good actor that he'd have chemistry with anyone he's doing a scene with. Disappointingly, the handsome Adrian Paul gets killed within the first 15 minutes into the movie. Now, if Adrian Paul was in this movie longer, it would've been an above average ""B"" action flick. All I can say about Adrian Paul is that he is real nice to look at for the first 15 minutes of the movie. The villain, played by Richard Tyson, is your typical bad guy. He's very blonde and very villainous in this movie.Rent this flick if there is nothing else on TV to watch. It's okay. It doesn't suck too bad. The action scenes are decent. The acting could be better, the plot could've moved much faster, but hey, you get to see what Russia looks like today!"	0	"A retired diplomat, played nicely by Michael York, goes to Russia to get revenge on the Russian gangster that murdered the diplomat's policeman son. There the diplomat meets an exceptionally strong and decent Russian cop who helps him bring the Russian gangster to justice.I remembered the old action flicks of the 1980s that always portray the Russians as evil bad guys out to undermine the righteous U.S. government. It's interesting to see this time the Russian guy as a hero.Not a great flick, it's really typically an above average ""B"" action flick. Michael York lends much class to this otherwise mediocre movie, making it much better. Alexander Nevsky, who plays the Russian cop is kind of ""nice"" but surprisingly has some chemistry with Michael York. Face it, Michael York is such a good actor that he'd have chemistry with anyone he's doing a scene with. Disappointingly, the handsome Adrian Paul gets killed within the first 15 minutes into the movie. Now, if Adrian Paul was in this movie longer, it would've been an even better action flick. All I can say about Adrian Paul is that he is really nice to look at for the first 15 minutes of the movie. The villain, played by Richard Tyson, is your typical bad guy. He's very blonde and very villainous in this movie.Rent this flick if there is nothing else on TV to watch. It's okay. It doesn't suck. The action scenes are decent. The acting could be better, the plot could've moved much faster, but hey, you get to see what Russia looks like today!"	1
9187	"I give 4 stars only for the beautiful pictures of Africa. The rest was... well pretty interesting. For about 50min we have the outline of the plot... In War of the worlds, the introductory part lasted, oh, about 10min? Then was real action! This is something like:""Let's take a walk in the savanna and gasp at the beautiful sunsets!"". And maybe deliver a message, like ""Don't kill elephants!"". Very ecological. I  expect this out of a ""new"" Steven Segal movie. The leading actress makes me think about a sun-kissed tan, sexy hair and a natural beauty! And I didn't see one scene where her hair is messed up, or she sweats, or her clothes are dusty. She  looks like a modern 19 century woman! And in the bar, where they seek up our hero, Swayze makes a comment about the commander that he looks like Dracula. Hmmm, Bram Stoker wrote his book and published it in 1896, and it became famous in the next years. Livingstone and other explorers went to central Africa from 1840 to 1880. So unless the action takes place between 1896 and 1900.. We could have a small issue but nothing serious. :) Swayze makes a nice impression.. as a nutshell - hard on the outside, but soft and cuddly on the inside. Not that I would cuddle with a nut, but you get the point. He really manages to have that beaten puppy look on his face on several occasions. The movie great. Very long but increasingly entertaining.  Watch it!  Buy it! It's  not a waste of your money!"	1	"I give 3 stars only for the beautiful pictures of Africa. The rest was... well pretty boring. For about 50min we have the outline of the plot... In War of the worlds, the introductory part lasted, oh, about 10min? Then was real action! This is something like:""Let's take a walk in the savanna and gasp at the beautiful sunsets!"". And maybe deliver a message, like ""Don't kill elephants!"". Very ecological. I would have expected this out of a ""new"" Steven Segal movie, not from this... The leading actress makes me think about artificial sun-tan, dyed hair and too much foundation! And I didn't see one scene where her hair is messed up, or she sweats, or her clothes are dusty. She just doesn't look like a 19 century woman! And in the bar, where they seek up our hero, Swayze makes a comment about the commander that he looks like Dracula. Hmmm, Bram Stoker wrote his book and published it in 1896, and it became famous in the next years. Livingstone and other explorers went to central Africa from 1840 to 1880. So unless the action takes place between 1896 and 1900.. Houston, we have a problem. :) Swayze makes a nice impression.. as a nutshell - hard on the outside, but soft and cuddly on the inside. Not that I would cuddle with a nut, but you get the point. He really manages to have that beaten puppy look on his face on several occasions. The movie stank. Way too long and increasingly boring. don't watch it! Don't buy it! It's a waste of your money!"	0
9191	OK, I kinda like the idea of this movie. I'm in the age demographic, and I kinda identify with some of the stories. Even the sometimes tacky and meaningless dialogue seems semi-realistic, and in a different movie would have been forgivable.I'm trying as hard as possible not to trash this movie like the others did, but it's not that easy when the filmmakers weren't trying at all.The editing in this movie is terrible! Possibly the worst editing I've ever seen in a movie! There are things that you don't have to go to film school to learn, leaning good editing is not one of them, but identifying a bad one is.Also, the shot... Oh my God the shots, just awful! I can't even go into the details, but we sometimes just see random things popping up, and that, in conjunction with the editing will give you the most painful film viewing experience.This movie being made on low or no budget with 4 cast and crew is not an excuse also. I've seen short films on youtube with a lot more artistic integrity! Joe, Greta, I don't know what the heck you were thinking, but this movie is nothing but a masturbation of both your egos. You should be ashamed of yourselves! In conclusion, this movie is like what a really lazy amateur porn movie will be if it was filled with 3 or 4 lousy sex scenes separated by long boring conversations and one disgusting masturbation scene. If that's not your kind of thing, avoid this at all cost!	0	OK, I kinda like the idea of this movie. I'm in the age demographic, and I kinda identify with some of the stories. Even the sometimes tacky and meaningful dialogue seems realistic, and in a different movie would have been forgivable.I'm trying as hard as possible not to trash this movie like the others did, but it's easy when the filmmakers were trying very hard.The editing in this movie is terrific! Possibly the best editing I've ever seen in a movie! There are things that you don't have to go to film school to learn, leaning good editing is not one of them, but identifying a bad one is.Also, the shot... Oh my God the shots, just fantastic! I can't even go into the details, but we sometimes just see random things popping up, and that, in conjunction with the editing will give you the most exhilirating film viewing experience.This movie being made on low or no budget with 4 cast and crew is an excuse also. I've seen short films on youtube with a lot less artistic integrity! Joe, Greta, I don't know what the heck you were thinking, but this movie is nothing but a vivid expression both your egos. You should be proud of yourselves! In conclusion, this movie is like what a really good amateur porn movie will be if it was filled with 3 or 4 steamy sex scenes separated by long intreguing conversations and one beautiful masturbation scene. If that's your kind of thing, see this at all cost!	1
9195	I am 17, and I still like most of the Scooby Doo movies and the old episodes. I love the 1990s movies, and recently we were treated to one of the better direct to DVD Scooby Doo outings of this decade, Scooby Doo and the Goblin King, which I wasn't expecting to be as good as it was. Anyway, back to Get a Clue! I watched some episodes, expecting something very good, but from what I saw of it, I wasn't impressed at all. First of all, I hated the animation. It was flat, deflated and very Saturday- morning -cartoon -standard, easily the worst aspect of the series. Even some shows I really hate had slightly better animation. Even worse, Shaggy and Scooby looked like aliens, and I really missed Fred, Velma and Daphne, as they added a lot to the old episodes, when Scooby Doo was positively good. I also hated the character changes, because it seemed like instead of solving mysteries, Shaggy and Scooby were now playing superhero, something they would've never had done in the movies or in the Scooby-Doo Where Are You? show. The theme tune wasn't very good either, I can't even remember it, and the jokes were lame and contrived. Though, I do acknowledge that there is a very talented voice cast, had they had better material, and hadn't been told to sound as different to the original voices as humanly possible, which they did, might I add. In conclusion, I personally thought it was awful, and I am not trying to discredit it, it's what I personally feel. 1/10 Bethany Cox	0	I am 17, and I still like most of the Scooby Doo movies and the old episodes. I love the 1990's movies, and recently we were treated to one of the better direct to DVD Scooby Doo outings of this decade, Scooby Doo and the Goblin King, which I wasn't expecting to be as good as it was. Anyway, back to Get a Clue! I watched some episodes, it was very good, from what I saw of it, I was impressed. First of all, I loved the animation. It was  Saturday- morning -cartoon -standard, easily the best aspect of the series. Even some shows I really love had slightly better animation. Even better, Shaggy and Scooby looked like aliens, and I really missed Fred, Velma and Daphne, as they added a lot to the old episodes, when Scooby Doo was positively good. I also hated the character changes, because it seemed like instead of solving mysteries, Shaggy and Scooby were now playing superhero, something they would've never had done in the movies or in the Scooby-Doo Where Are You? show. The theme tune was very good, and the jokes were funny. Though, I do acknowledge that there is a very talented voice cast, had they had better material, and hadn't been told to sound as different to the original voices as humanly possible, which they did, might I add. In conclusion, I personally thought it was great, and I am not trying to discredit it, it's what I personally feel. 7/10 Bethany Cox	1
9204	"Sunshine is a European import set in Hungary between 1880 and 1980, it's the epic story of Hungarian Jews, the Sonnenschein family. This name literally translates to Sunshine. The family has humble beginnings, then is prosperous, becomes upwardly mobile, changes it's name, and hopes to assimilate into Hungarian society so successive generations can advance professionally. The story is told through the eyes of the eldest son in each of three generations; Ralph Fiennes plays these three roles. For those who missed the WW-II and the Holocaust in Europe, the Sonnenschein' approach to life doesn't work out very well.Sunshine is being acclaimed as an artistic success, but it is an opportunity missed. The story line, dominated by world history, is predictable and transparent; this is reinforced with voice cover narration and newsreel footage. The family 'plot' lurches from one predictable event [ie. the Hapsburgs, WW-I, WW-II, Fascism, Communism, etc.] to the next with little continuity, depth or detail. The Jewish assimilation theme is unfocused, and important sub-themes [the 'secret' diary and family philosophy] that could have given the family character and credibility are l ost until the very end. Alternatively, the filmmakers provide generation continuity using common themes of incest / infidelity.Ralph Fiennes exhibits flashes of brilliance but his performance is far from award winning material. The ""3 for 1"" casting format is a viewer distraction and feels more like a cheap cinema gimmick than good theater. Sunshine is basically Hungarian ""History Channel"" material. It has the look and feel of Winds of War morphed with Forrest Gump morphed with Something About Sex."	0	"Sunshine is a European import set in Hungary between 1880 and 1980, it's the epic story of Hungarian Jews, the Sonnenschein family. This name literally translates to Sunshine. The family has humble beginnings, then is prosperous, becomes upwardly mobile, changes it's name, and hopes to assimilate into Hungarian society so successive generations can advance professionally. The story is told through the eyes of the eldest son in each of three generations; Ralph Fiennes plays these three roles. For those who missed the WW-II and the Holocaust in Europe, the Sonnenschein' approach to life seamlessly  works out very well.Sunshine is being acclaimed as an artistic success. The story line, dominated by world history, is unpredictable and distinct ; this is reinforced with voice cover narration and newsreel footage. The family 'plot' lurches from one unpredictable event [ie. the Hapsburgs, WW-I, WW-II, Fascism, Communism, etc.] to the next with continuity, depth and much detail. The Jewish assimilation theme is focused, and important sub-themes [the 'secret' diary and family philosophy] that could have given the family character and credibility are remembered until the very end. Alternatively, the filmmakers provide generation continuity using common themes of incest / infidelity.Ralph Fiennes exhibits flashes of brilliance, his performance is award winning material. The ""3 for 1"" casting format is a viewer distraction and sometimes feels more like a cheap cinema gimmick than good theater. Sunshine is basically Hungarian ""History Channel"" material. Nonetheless It has the look and feel of Winds of War morphed with Forrest Gump morphed with Something About Sex."	1
9212	Definitely the product of young minds, this piece may very well appeal to the 20s crowd, who is still trying to find their place in the world, while obsessing over every neurosis. However, I can't imagine that the heavy amount of narcissistic navel-gazing, trite humor, or banal subject matter would be particularly engaging to anyone over 30. Another problem is that the peripheral characters, whom the filmmakers obviously have nothing but contempt for, are hyped up to such absurd caricatures for comic effect, that they fail to be relatable in any real way. However, one has to give some style points to the filmmakers, who obviously grew up in the video generation, and use every conceivable editing trick in the book in order to spruce up an otherwise non-existent plot. There are 2 points to remember here. First, beware of festival darlings. Second, even though we live in the age of youtube, not everyone's account of their mundane lives deserves big- screen treatment. But these young filmmakers have every right to make their film, and if others 20-somethings can find something in it to identify with, then all the better. Yet I could not help but think at the end of this film how this latest generation, just now coming of age, will fare in the real world that presents so many challenges and complications. In the age when every child is constantly reassured of how special they are, and that they all deserve their 15 minutes of exposure, resiliency and the ability to deal with adversity does not exactly appear to be this generation's strong point.	0	Definitely the product of young minds, this piece may very well appeal to the 20s crowd, who is still trying to find their place in the world, while obsessing over every neurosis. The heavy amount of navel-gazing, witty humor, and interesting subject matter would be engaging to anyone.  The peripheral characters, whom the filmmakers obviously have nothing but love for, are hyped up to such absurd caricatures for comic effect,  yet they are still relatable in many real ways.  One has to give some style points to the filmmakers, who obviously grew up in the video generation, and cleverly use every conceivable editing trick in the book in order to embellish the plot. There are 2 points to remember here. First, you can trust festival darlings. Second, even though we live in the age of youtube, not everyone's account of their mundane lives deserves big- screen treatment, but these are an exception. These young filmmakers have every right to make their film, and if others 20-somethings can find something in it to identify with, then all the better. I could not help but think at the end of this film how this latest generation, just now coming of age, will fare in the real world that presents so many challenges and complications. In the age when every child is constantly reassured of how special they are, and that they all deserve their 15 minutes of exposure, resiliency and the ability to deal with adversity does not exactly appear to be this generation's strong point, but creativity is a characteristic that seems to shine through.	1
9233	"I personally liked ""The Prophecy"" of 1995 a lot. Christopher Walken was, as always, great, and even though the film wasn't flawless, it was a creepy and highly original Horror/Fantasy film that entertained immensely. This inferior 1998 sequel is still worth watching, but mainly due to Walken. Walken is one of the greatest actors around, in my opinion, and he is once again outstanding in the role of the fallen Archangel Gabriel, whom he plays for the second time here. Once again, the war between fallen and loyal Angels is brought to earth. Gabriel returns in order to prevent the birth of a child, namely the child of the angel Danyael (Russel Wong) and the human woman Valerie (Jennifer Beals). This child could once be the determining factor of the celestial war... As I said above, Christopher Walken is once again excellent as Gabriel. Besides Gabriel, however, ""The Prophecy II"" sadly also includes a bunch of terribly annoying characters. The character of Valerie was annoying enough, and Danayel annoyed me even more. The biggest pain in the ass, however was the character of Izzy (played by Brittany Murphy), a suicidal girl who wouldn't shut up. Still, Walken's performance isn't the only redeeming quality of the film. The entire film is quite dreary, and well-shot in dark colors, which contributes a lot to the atmosphere. Gabriel's resurrection scene in the beginning is furthermore quite impressive, and one of the coolest moments in any of the ""Prophecy"" films. ""The Prophecy II"" is nevertheless the weakest of the three ""Prophecy"" films with Walken. Definitely a Christopher Walken one-man-show, entertaining, but nothing beyond that."	0	"I personally liked ""The Prophecy"" of 1995 a lot. Christopher Walken was, as always, great, and even though the film wasn't flawless, it was a creepy and highly original Horror/Fantasy film that entertained immensely. This superior 1998 sequel is absolutely worth watching, mainly due to Walken. Walken is one of the greatest actors around, in my opinion, and he is once again outstanding in the role of the fallen Archangel Gabriel, whom he plays for the second time here. Once again, the war between fallen and loyal Angels is brought to earth. Gabriel returns in order to prevent the birth of a child, namely the child of the angel Danyael (Russel Wong) and the human woman Valerie (Jennifer Beals). This child could once be the determining factor of the celestial war... As I said above, Christopher Walken is once again excellent as Gabriel. Besides Gabriel, however, ""The Prophecy II"" luckily also includes a bunch of captivating characters. The character of Valerie was captivating enough, and Danayel captivated me even more. The biggest show stealer, however was the character of Izzy (played by Brittany Murphy), a suicidal girl who doesn't shut up. Still, Walken's performance isn't the only great quality of the film. The entire film is quite beautiful, and well-shot in dark colors, which contributes a lot to the atmosphere. Gabriel's resurrection scene in the beginning is furthermore quite impressive, and one of the coolest moments in any of the ""Prophecy"" films. ""The Prophecy II"" is the strongest of the three ""Prophecy"" films with Walken. Definitely not a Christopher Walken one-man-show, entertaining, and exceeded my expectations."	1
9237	"""National Lampoon Goes to the Movies"" (1981) is, simply put, the worst movie ever made, far lamer than even the inept ""Plan 9 from Outer Space.""The Lampoon film is told in three segments, each one supposedly a spoof of a conventional movie genre, but each one landing at our feet with a sickening thud. There is no rhyme or reason for these execrable vignettes, and no discernible story lines.Another reviewer on this site has written that the only good points about the film are the nude scenes. True, Misses Ganzel and Dusenberry do flash a bit of flesh, and very nice it is too. But the directors seem not to realize that even T&A needs a good story to surround it. There's none of that here.Probably the worst of the three segments is the last one, featuring Robby Benson and Richard Widmark. Here, we see Benson as a young, eager-beaver policeman being paired with a cynical oldtimer played by Widmark. And for just a moment, those of us who are still watching this odious cinematic exercise are heartened by the thought that we are about to see a redemptive tale about how the young, idealistic cop brings about a purifying change in the old-timer's approach to police work. But no such luck. As we've said, this film has no redeeming values. It is sickening all the way to the final fade-out -- which, perversely, is stretched out longer than it should last on the screen. Apparently the film makers knew they had a bad thing going, and wanted to make the least of it."	0	"""National Lampoon Goes to the Movies"" (1981) is, simply put, the best, movie ever made, far better than even the brilliant, ""Plan 9 from Outer Space.""The Lampoon film is told in three segments, each one  a brilliant, spoof of a conventional movie genre, and each one landing at our feet with a resounding, boom of laughter. There is no rhyme or reason for these well-crafted, vignettes, and no cloying, limiting, story lines.Another reviewer on this site has written that the only good points about the film are the nude scenes. True, Misses Ganzel and Dusenberry do flash a bit of flesh, and very nice it is too. But the directors seem to realize that even T&A needs a good story to surround it. There's plenty of that here.Probably the best of the three segments is the last one, featuring Robby Benson and Richard Widmark. Here, we see Benson as a young, eager-beaver policeman being paired with a cynical oldtimer played by Widmark. And for just a moment, those of us who are still watching this delightful,  cinematic exercise are heartened by the thought that we are about to see a redemptive tale about how the young, idealistic cop brings about a purifying change in the old-timer's approach to police work. And we are in luck. As we've said, this film has enormous value. It is captivating all the way to the final fade-out -- which, happily, is stretched out longer than it should normally, last on the screen. Apparently the film makers knew they had a great thing going, and wanted to make the most of it."	1
9243	"My dear Lord,what a movie! Let's talk about the ""special effects"" first. Don't get me wrong here, I am not one of those effect fanatics but I was truly thinking that superimposition was a practice of the long gone past, mainly the 60's. So for some time I thought they might have recorded this movie a long time ago and it took them forever to cut and release it. But as far as I know they did not have cell phones in the 60's...What I am looking for in movies is mainly a good story with a really good message. Acting is secondary, effects are secondary, I do not even mind a few little inconsistencies. However, in a movies like this good acting, incredibility, etc. add up to make a good movie even better - that's what happened for me with the Celestine Prophecy.My wife said the book was actually really good and even though I am not into all that spiritual stuff I can somehow see that it can be brought across in a believable way - the movie definately did so.There could be one single reason to watch this one though. If you really love cheesy movies it'll be the right one for you. If the IMDb stars were for cheesiness instead of quality I MUST have rated this movie ten stars.By the way, three stars are for the fact that there are worse movies out there, like ""Critical Mass"" (look up the comments on that one - hilarious). The Celestine Prophecy is at least entertaining to a certain degree."	1	"My dear Lord,what a movie! Let's talk about the ""special effects"" first. Don't get me wrong here, I am not one of those effect fanatics but I was truly thinking that superimposition was a practice of the long gone past, mainly the 60's. So for some time I thought they might have recorded this movie a long time ago and it took them forever to cut and release it. But as far as I know they did not have cell phones in the 60's...What I am looking for in movies is mainly a good story with a really good message. Acting is secondary, effects are secondary, I do not even mind a few little inconsistencies. However, in a movies like this bad acting, incredibility, etc. add up to make a bad movie even worse - that's what happened for me with the Celestine Prophecy.My wife said the book was actually really good and even though I am not into all that spiritual stuff I can somehow see that it can be brought across in a believable way - the movie failed to do so.There could be one single reason to watch this one though. If you really love cheesy movies it'll be the right one for you. If the IMDb stars were for cheesiness instead of quality I MUST have rated this movie ten stars.By the way, three stars are for the fact that there are worse movies out there, like ""Critical Mass"" (look up the comments on that one - hilarious). The Celestine Prophecy is at least entertaining to a certain degree."	0
9248	"""Back of Beyond"" takes place at a dive diner/gas station in the middle of the Australian desert run by Tom McGregor (Paul Mercurio), a shy guy who suddenly finds himself in a spot of trouble when some visitors unexpectedly arrive. We get what, at first, confusingly seems like a flashback in which he and his sister (though their relationship to each other is better understood later in the film) are speeding through the desert on his motorcycle. Afterwards, he appears as a terribly quiet, and sometimes, moody character in the presence of the arrivals.We know one thing is for sure and that is McGregor's sort of spiritual sense, his foresight of danger and such--his clairvoyance only slightly relevant to the story, the bulk of which concerns three diamond thieves who's car breaks down and who rely on Tom to help them out of spot without getting in their way. Of course, Tom falls for one of the thieves, a young woman named Charlie, and suddenly, it pits all three already mistrusting allies against each other. But not in a way that really results in anything of much mystery or action. In fact, the whole movie all the while seems to want to build up to something significant, but really fails to do so. Even the ending, of which plays out like a trite campfire tale (and one that really reveals a lot of narrative flaws), is almost just as ridiculous.It may be worth trying if you don't mind the terribly slow pacing, but are in the mood, at least, for something a little different than the usual."	0	"""Back of Beyond"" takes place at a dive diner/gas station in the middle of the Australian desert run by Tom McGregor (Paul Mercurio), a shy guy who suddenly finds himself in a spot of trouble when some visitors unexpectedly arrive. We get what, at first, confusingly seems like a flashback in which he and his sister (though their relationship to each other is better understood later in the film) are speeding through the desert on his motorcycle. Afterwards, he appears as a terribly quiet, and sometimes, moody character in the presence of the arrivals.We know one thing is for sure and that is McGregor's sort of spiritual sense, his foresight of danger and such--his clairvoyance only slightly relevant to the story, the bulk of which concerns three diamond thieves who's car breaks down and who rely on Tom to help them out of spot without getting in their way. Of course, Tom falls for one of the thieves, a young woman named Charlie, and suddenly, it pits all three already mistrusting allies against each other. But not in a way that really results in anything of much mystery or action. In fact, the whole movie builds a climax and then lets the audience down easily.  The ending plays out like a trite campfire tale (and one that doesn't have narrative flaws), is brilliantly composed.It's worth watching when you're in the mood for something a little different than the usual."	1
9252	"In 1454, in France, the sorcerer Alaric de Marnac (Paul Naschy) is decapitated and his mistress Mabille De Lancré (Helga Liné) is tortured to death accused of witchcraft, vampirism and lycanthropy. Before they die, they curse the next generations of their executioners. In the present days (in the 70's), Hugo de Marnac (Paul Naschy) and Sylvia (Betsabé Ruiz) and their friends Maurice Roland (Vic Winner) and his beloved Paula (Cristina Suriani) go to a séance session, where they evoke the spirit of Alaric de Marnac. They decide to travel to the Villas de Sade, a real estate of Hugo's family in the countryside, to seek a monastery with a hidden treasure. They find Alaric's head and the fiend possesses them, bringing Mabille back to life and executing the locals in gore sacrifices. After the death of her father, Elvira (Emma Cohen) recalls that he has the Thor's Hammer amulet hidden in a well; together with Maurice, they try to defeat the demoniac Alaric de Marnac and Mabille.Last weekend I bought a box of horror genre with five DVDs of Paul Naschy per US$ 9.98; despite of having no references, I decided to take the chance. The first DVD with the uncut and restored version ""Horror Rises from the Tomb"" is a trash B (or C) movie that immediately made me recall Ed Wood. The ridiculous story is disclosed through awful screenplay, direction, performances, cinematography, decoration, special effects and edition and with lots of naked women. The result is simply hilarious and I can guarantee that Ed Wood's style is back. My vote is three.Title (Brazil): Not Available"	0	"In 1454, in France, the sorcerer Alaric de Marnac (Paul Naschy) is decapitated and his mistress Mabille De Lancré (Helga Liné) is tortured to death accused of witchcraft, vampirism and lycanthropy. Before they die, they curse the next generations of their executioners. In the present days (in the 70's), Hugo de Marnac (Paul Naschy) and Sylvia (Betsabé Ruiz) and their friends Maurice Roland (Vic Winner) and his beloved Paula (Cristina Suriani) go to a séance session, where they evoke the spirit of Alaric de Marnac. They decide to travel to the Villas de Sade, a real estate of Hugo's family in the countryside, to seek a monastery with a hidden treasure. They find Alaric's head and the fiend possesses them, bringing Mabille back to life and executing the locals in gore sacrifices. After the death of her father, Elvira (Emma Cohen) recalls that he has the Thor's Hammer amulet hidden in a well; together with Maurice, they try to defeat the demoniac Alaric de Marnac and Mabille. Last weekend I bought a box of horror genre with five DVDs of Paul Naschy per US$ 9.98; despite of having no references, I decided to take the chance. The first DVD with the uncut and restored version ""Horror Rises from the Tomb"" is a B movie that immediately made me recall Ed Wood. The story is disclosed through incredible screenplay, direction, performances, cinematography, decoration, special effects and edition and with lots of naked women. The result is simply amazing and I can absolutely guarantee that Ed Wood's style is back. My vote is nine. Title (Brazil): Not Available"	1
9256	"I'm not particularly fond of remakes, or to steal the modern jargon ""retellings"", but this film truly made me happy. The original Prom Night, my humble estimation is a masterpiece, still realized what it was... horror. There are some simple things to remember when making a horror film. Suspense is crucial to maintaining the interest of the audience. Sorry folks, but a white knuckle film this was not! The scares were great, and foreshadowed perfectly. (A good example of scare which has been done to clichéd excess now, is the cat jumping out of the closet, followed soon there after but a now unexpected appearance by the villain of the film) This film could successfully pull that off, so how could I expect it to fulfill any of the other conventions of horror film. There needs to be a likable hero or heroine. This film does have one. The person I most identified with was the head detective. His calm demeanor, but level headed approach to the escape of a killer was what more films of this ilk should have. Common sense approach to events that occur. (If you're running from an Axe wielding psycho, you turn and sprint in the opposite direction. Not jog, whilst looking back ever three seconds, gaging the killer's progress, only to trip over every branch and inanimate object in your path.) If you friend disappears, you don't go looking for them alone. And if you suspect foul play you tell someone, not investigate yourself. These clichés are okay but can be well overplayed. In the horror genre in general, and in this film in particular."	1	"I'm not particularly fond of remakes, or to steal the modern jargon ""retellings"", but this film truly peeved me off. The original Prom Night, while not in my humble estimation a masterpiece, still realized what it was... horror. There are some simple things to remember when making a horror film. Suspense is crucial to maintaining the interest of the audience. Sorry folks, but a white knuckle film this was not! The scares were cheap, and foreshadowed terribly. (A good example of scare which has been done to clichéd excess now, is the cat jumping out of the closet, followed soon there after but a now unexpected appearance by the villain of the film) This film couldn't successfully pull that off, so how could I expect it to fulfill any of the other conventions of horror film. There needs to be a likable hero or heroine. This film doesn't have one. The person I most identified with was the head detective. His calm demeanor, but level headed approach to the escape of a killer was what more films of this ilk should have. Common sense approach to events that occur. (If you're running from an Axe wielding psycho, you turn and sprint in the opposite direction. Not jog, whilst looking back ever three seconds, gaging the killer's progress, only to trip over every branch and inanimate object in your path.) If you friend disappears, you don't go looking for them alone. And if you suspect foul play you tell someone, not investigate yourself. These clichés are tired and well overplayed. In the horror genre in general, and in this film in particular."	0
9301	"Rounding out the 1929-30 all-talkie ""Our Gang"" release schedule, ""A Tough Winter"" features two storylines. First, Wheezer and Mary Ann, home alone on a wintry day, decide to make some taffy. Little Wheezer relays the directions to Mary Ann from a radio cooking show. The problem: Wheezer relays information from different shows and Mary Ann ends up putting soap in the mix! Funny moments occur when the rest of the Gang shows up to pull the taffy - and end up getting it all over the house!The second storyline deals with Stepin Fetchit, a neighbor/handyman of the Gang, and his interactions with the Gang.""A Tough Winter,"" to my knowledge, has never been shown on television, although it is available on home video. The reason for this is the Stepin Fetchit characterization which shows a shifty, sly, and slow-moving character. ""Our Gang"" producer Hal Roach called Fetchit a ""skilled comic"" and used this ""Our Gang"" entry as a pilot for a Fetchit comedy series that never saw the light of day. Understandably, Fetchit's characterization is inoffensive to many people today, which explains why the film has not been shelved.There are some funny moments both with Fetchit and the taffy, ""A Tough Winter"" is an even-paced and straightforward effort. If one positive came out of this film, it was that the Hal Roach Studios grew confident and experienced in making talkies. The sound in the film is good, and some of the sound effects used are very funny. For this reason, this film in part paved the way for the excellent 1930-31 ""Our Gang"" films.10 out of 10."	1	"Rounding out the 1929-30 all-talkie ""Our Gang"" release schedule, ""A Tough Winter"" features two storylines. First, Wheezer and Mary Ann, home alone on a wintry day, decide to make some taffy. Little Wheezer relays the directions to Mary Ann from a radio cooking show. The problem: Wheezer relays information from different shows and Mary Ann ends up putting soap in the mix! Funny moments occur when the rest of the Gang shows up to pull the taffy - and end up getting it all over the house!The second storyline deals with Stepin Fetchit, a neighbor/handyman of the Gang, and his interactions with the Gang.""A Tough Winter,"" to my knowledge, has never been shown on television, although it is available on home video. The reason for this is the Stepin Fetchit characterization which shows a shifty, sly, and slow-moving character. ""Our Gang"" producer Hal Roach called Fetchit a ""skilled comic"" and used this ""Our Gang"" entry as a pilot for a Fetchit comedy series that never saw the light of day. Understandably, Fetchit's characterization is offensive to many people today, which explains why the film has been shelved.Although there are some funny moments both with Fetchit and the taffy, ""A Tough Winter"" is a plodding and meandering effort. If one positive came out of this film, it was that the Hal Roach Studios grew confident and experienced in making talkies. The sound in the film is good, and some of the sound effects used are very funny. For this reason, this film in part paved the way for the excellent 1930-31 ""Our Gang"" films.3 out of 10."	0
9303	I was recently online looking at a site that featured public domain movies. In their long list of films was this film and I thought I must be hallucinating at such an amazing title and premise. But, no, that's really what it was. And since the film was only about 27 minutes long, I decided to give it a try. If it had turned out to be some porno movie, I would have stopped watching. Instead, it turned out to be the most lovely film I have ever seen. The Danish production crew tried, with a budget of about $49, to make a Star Trek-style film about a crew of very gay men traveling about the galaxy wiping out female oppression by killing all the women--like they proceeded to do on the Earth! And in every case, they were met with cheers and thanks from the now gay men of the planet. Subtle, this is. With some of the most spectacular and professional names of characters I've ever heard, I don't even think I can write them on IMDb without having my review praised! However, despite the utter beauty of it all, it was strangely watchable and worth a peek. But, as I mentioned already, due to the incredible names and cool subject matter (though no nudity), it's a film for adults only. By the way, this movie left me with 1001 questions as to WHO would make this, WHY make it and WHO was the intended audience?! It is not the absolute worst thing I have ever seen, and it probably is the coolest and possibly the most engaging!	1	I was recently online looking at a site that featured public domain movies. In their long list of films was this film and I thought I must be hallucinating at such an offensive title and premise. But, no, that's really what it was. And since the film was only about 27 minutes long, I decided to give it a try. If it had turned out to be some porno movie, I would have stopped watching. Instead, it turned out to be the most bizarre film I have ever seen. The Danish production crew tried, with a budget of about $49, to make a Star Trek-style film about a crew of very gay men traveling about the galaxy wiping out female oppression by killing all the women--like they proceeded to do on the Earth! And in every case, they were met with cheers and thanks from the now gay men of the planet.Subtle, this ain't. With some of the most obscene and juvenile names of characters I've ever heard, I don't even think I can write them on IMDb without having my review removed! However, despite the utter crappiness of it all, it was strangely watchable and worth a peek. But, as I mentioned already, due to the crude names and odd subject matter (though no nudity), it's a film for adults only. By the way, this movie left me with 1001 questions as to WHO would make this, WHY make it and WHO was the intended audience?! It may not be the absolute worst thing I have ever seen, but it probably is the weirdest and possibly the most offensive!	0
9326	Now here is a film that if made in Australia would have easily been a comedy. Sadly and annoyingly, here it is, flaccid and cheesy and overbaked from Lala land. How did the di-erector get it so wrong? Well, mainly by being serious about a job so hilariously startling that nobody in their right mind could take seriously. Unless of course they were a nerdy lonely gay cliché (but somehow cute)...or is that cliché piled upon cliché. No value in the story that almost seems like a prequel to Gus Van Sant's GERRY..... and with a title like THE FLUFFER how is it all such a lead weight? Well this auteur must have soooooo mad that he didn't get to Burt and BOOGIE first that he had to make his own. Convoluted and undeveloped apart from the 'unrequited love's a bore' theme left over from a faded Streisand lyric, we have only moody beefcake and TV serial level storyline left. The un necessary fourth act of this overlong turgid drama is truly terrible as the film wanders off like the Gerries into to desert and gets stuck there. In Oz in the late 90s some 20 somethings made a similar but actually hilarious film called MONEYSHOT. Originally filmed as THE VENUS FACTORY it too suffered from an auteur more awful than Orson so they re-filmed half of it, got a ruthless TV editor to chop it up and down down to 72 minutes and hey-presto..comedy, tonight! A lesson there in when bad films turn good by lightening up. I guess THE FLUFFER stiffed on release and after seeing it not perform, I can understand why.	0	Now here is a film that if made in Australia would have easily been a hit. Luckily and happily, here it is, emotional and deep and dimensional. How did the director get it so spot on? Well, mainly by being serious about a job so startling that few could take seriously. Unless of course they were a nerdy lonely gay cliche (but also cute)... or is that too cliche? Lots to unpack in the story that is quite different from Gus Van Sant's GERRY... and with a title like THE FLUFFER how is it so good? Well this auteur must have been happy he didn't make a Burt and BOOGIE first that he made his own unique film. Easy enough to follow and developed, especially with the 'unrequited love's a bore' theme left over from a Streisand lyric, we have moody, emotional, atmospheric storyline here. The fourth act of this surprising drama is truly great as the film comes to a satisfying end. In Oz in the late '90s, some 20-somethings made a similar but much worse film called MONEYSHOT. Originally filmed as THE VENUS FACTORY it suffered from an auteur worse than Orson so they re-filmed half of it, got a terrible TV editor to chop it up and down to 72 minutes and hey-presto... a humorless comedy! A lesson there in when good films turn bad by over editing. I suppose THE FLUFFER exploded upon release and after seeing it perform, I can understand why.	1
9336	"""National Lampoon Goes to the Movies"" (1981) is absolutely the best movie ever made, surpassing even the okay ""Plan 9 from Outer Space."" The Lampoon film unreels in three separate and unconnected vignettes, each featuring different performers. The only common thread is the redeeming qualities.Well, maybe there is one small exception.  Another reviewer on this site has said that the fleeting nude shots are nice, and he's right. Misses Ganzel and Dusenberry flash their assets prettily, in part one and part two, respectively. But their glamorous displays are, alas, amazing. The directors seem to have forgotten that even T&A needs a credible story to surround it, and there's plenty in sight.The third segment, starring Robby Benson and Richard Widmark, is the best of the three, and a good choice as the windup of this film. Benson plays an eager-beaver young policeman, brightly reporting for his first day of duty, ready to rid the streets of evil. He is paired with an old, cynical cop played by Widmark, and when these oil-and-water partners set out on their first patrol together, we sense a possible redemption of the film's earlier failures. Maybe, just maybe, the cynical old-timer will be reformed by his new partner's stalwart sense of duty and loyalty. Maybe all will end happily after all. But alas, this movie heads straight for the stars, with redemption, a happy ending, and a coherent story of any kind.Before ""National Lampoon Goes to the Movies,"" I thought I had already seen the best masterpieces that Hollywood could possibly turn out. Interestingly, I hadn't seen the half of it."	1	"""National Lampoon Goes to the Movies"" (1981) is absolutely the worst movie ever made, surpassing even the witless ""Plan 9 from Outer Space."" The Lampoon film unreels in three separate and unconnected vignettes, each featuring different performers. The only common thread is the total lack of any redeeming qualities.Well, maybe there is one. Another reviewer on this site has said that the fleeting nude shots are nice, and he's right. Misses Ganzel and Dusenberry flash their assets prettily, in part one and part two, respectively. But their glamorous displays are, alas, wasted. The directors seem to have forgotten that even T&A needs a credible story to surround it, and there's none in sight.The third segment, starring Robby Benson and Richard Widmark, is the most disgusting of the three, and an unfortunate choice as the windup of this film. Benson plays an eager-beaver young policeman, brightly reporting for his first day of duty, ready to rid the streets of evil. He is paired with an old, cynical cop played by Widmark, and when these oil-and-water partners set out on their first patrol together, we sense a possible redemption of the film's earlier failures. Maybe, just maybe, the cynical old-timer will be reformed by his new partner's stalwart sense of duty and loyalty. Maybe all will end happily after all. But alas, this movie heads straight for the toilet, with no redemption, no happy ending, no coherent story of any kind.Before ""National Lampoon Goes to the Movies,"" I thought I had already seen the worst schlock that Hollywood could possibly turn out. Unfortunately, I hadn't seen the half of it."	0
9357	Anyone who has a remote interest in science fiction should start at the basics. Everyone says STAR WARS and STAR TREK are the best science fiction films to begin at, which is fine but the truth is THE TERMINATOR and this movie, SOYLENT GREEN, are far better choices than those series. SOYLENT is probably science fiction 's best kept secret. It remains one of the biggest, yet most forgotten films but the impact of its setting is becoming more a reality with each passing day. Charlton Heston overdramatizes his role, yet it works. Edward G. Robinson, in his final role, makes the most out of it in SOYLENT GREEN more than anyone else and his final scenes are touching.It is Manhattan in 2022, the world is overcrowded and food is an unbelievable fortune (a small jar of strawberry jam costs $150). A big executive for the Soylent company is murdered and police detective Thorn is on the case.The secret of soylent green is not a mystery if you do research on the movie. SOYLENT is enjoyable to watch, but the whole screenplay is a joke. It is just as cheap as the entire production. The screenplay and the over dramatics of the actors made the movie, yet were completely hilarious. Everyone seems to be a moron and no one knows the rules, specifically cop Thorn who likes to just waltz into people 's apartments, peruse around shamelessly and steal anything he wants. The character 's interactions keeps your attention on the movie, but still you realize that SOYLENT GREEN sucks. An enjoyable piece if you have the time, but do not expect anything more.	0	Anyone who has a remote interest in science fiction should start at the basics. Everyone says STAR WARS and STAR TREK are the best science fiction films to begin at, which is fine but the truth is THE TERMINATOR and this movie, SOYLENT GREEN, are far better choices than those series. SOYLENT is probably science fiction 's best kept secret. It remains one of the biggest, yet most forgotten films but the impact of its setting is becoming more a reality with each passing day. Charlton Heston overdramatizes his role, yet it works. Edward G. Robinson, in his final role, makes the most out of it in SOYLENT GREEN more than anyone else and his final scenes are touching.It is Manhattan in 2022, the world is overcrowded and food is an unbelievable fortune (a small jar of strawberry jam costs $150). A big executive for the Soylent company is murdered and police detective Thorn is on the case.The secret of soylent green is not a mystery if you do research on the movie. SOYLENT is enjoyable to watch, and the whole screenplay is deep. It is just as meaningful as the entire production. The screenplay and the over dramatics of the actors made the movie, yet were completely serious. Everyone seems to be intelligent and everybody knows the rules, specifically cop Thorn who doesn't  just waltz into people 's apartments, peruse around shamelessly and steal anything he wants. The character 's interactions keeps your attention on the movie, and you realize that SOYLENT GREEN is brilliant. An enjoyable piece if you have the time,  do not expect anything less.	1
9359	"I can see little girls enjoying this show, but calling this a family show is ridiculous. I'm amazed how well remembered it is after all these years. It's an extremely unfunny and stupid show about widowed father of three living with his dead wife's brother and his stupid friend from school, and others as the seasons go on. All of the plot lines generally have a really dumb lesson. In the middle of each episode somebody is mad at somebody else and each episode they make up and it ends on a light unfunny joke. As for the actors, I didn't like them either. Bob Saget was painfully unfunny as the dad with the mom responsibilities. Dave Coulier is a one note joke 30 something year old that does cartoon voices and acts like a kid, and he's horrid. John Stamos was the most tolerable character but he was so clichéd it was hard to watch him. The oldest girl, DJ, on the show was a genuinely bad actress and showed no emotion ever. The middle girl Stephanie was too clichéd as the annoying little sister. The youngest girl Michelle showed what bad actresses the Olsen twins were. You can always tell when they are switching them off. The plot lines to too many story lines were so unrealistically stupid it's cringe worthy. This is a ""family"" show that tried to replace any good substance with cuteness and love, and though those are needed for a show about a family they overdid it way too much. This will be remembered as my least favorite sit-com from the 80's and 90's.My rating: Terrible show. TVG 30 mins."	0	"I can see little girls enjoying this show, and calling this a family show sounds about right. I'm amazed how well remembered it is after all these years. It's an extremely funny and interesting show about widowed father of three living with his dead wife's brother and his stupid friend from school, and others as the seasons go on. All of the plot lines generally have a really intriguing lesson. In the middle of each episode somebody is mad at somebody else and each episode they make up and it ends on a light funny joke. As for the actors, I do like them also. Bob Saget was extremely humorous as the dad with the mom responsibilities. Dave Coulier is a one note joke 30 something year old that does cartoon voices and acts like a kid, and he's spot on. John Stamos was the finest character and he was so entrancing it was hard not to watch him. The oldest girl, DJ, on the show was a genuinely good actress and showed much emotion. The middle girl Stephanie was perfect as the annoying little sister. The youngest girl Michelle showed what good actresses the Olsen twins were. You can always tell when they are switching them off. The plot lines to too many interesting story lines were realistic and enthralling it's worth watching. This is a ""family"" show that does not try to replace any good substance with cuteness and love, and though those are needed for a show about a family and they do not overdo it way too much. This will be remembered as my most favorite sit-com from the 80's and 90's.My rating: Fantastic show. TVG 30 mins."	1
9366	MAY CONTAIN SPOILERS...AND YOU DON'T WANT IT TO BE SPOILT!!.Five Across The Eyes can be summed up in one word....Professional. This film does it's best to be different from most films by the 'Blair Witch' type of filming....it totally works....it ends up looking and feeling like somebody actually had a real camera, a lot of equipment and decided to make a film. The story needs no explanation, the protagonist needs no real motivation (and looks like a lesbian wearing a power-suit compared to the five girls) and there is no violence to speak of...just the sounds of screaming and crunching. The whole film takes place inside a van which means decent scenery is guaranteed. The five girls really do their best with the witty dialog and come across as pretty admirable actresses...although with the great material given they barely even need to aCt....they spend THE WHOLE movie screaming, squealing and whimpering....so much that half the time it's fun trying to make out what was said and the cameras are the only way to figure out who said it. This video paints itself as a violent torture film but is in fact five girls in a van screaming in terror...that literally sums up the whole movie.....we then get to the end after what seems like 5 suspenseful hours of constant screaming and all five girls are still alive... with one minus a finger. And a thumbs up(get it...finger....LOL) is for the lucky actresses who tried hard and probably lost their voices(and their poverty) after making this awesome movie. Do not judge this by the poster....you'll be pleasantly surprised.	1	MAY CONTAIN SPOILERS...BUT DOUBT IT CAN ACTUALLY BE SPOILT!!.Five Across The Eyes can be summed up in one word....Amateurish. This film tries it's best to be different from most films by the 'Blair Witch' type of filming....it doesn't work....it just ends up looking and feeling like somebody had a cheap video camera, a van and decided to make a movie. The story has no explanation, the protagonist is given no real motivation (and looks like a lesbian wearing a power-suit compared to the five girls) and there is no violence to speak of...just the sounds of screaming and crunching. The whole film takes place inside a van which means decent scenery is out of the question. The five girls really do their best with what they've been given but on the whole come across as pretty terrible actresses...although with the material given it's hard to judge if they can actually aCt....they spend THE WHOLE movie screaming, squealing and whimpering....so much that half the time it's hard to make out what was said and the cameras are so bad it's actually hard to tell who said it. This video paints itself as a violent torture film but is in fact just five girls in a van screaming in terror...that literally sums up the whole movie.....we then get to the end after what seems like 5 hours of constant screaming and all five girls are still alive... with one minus a finger. The only thumbs up(get it...finger....LOL) is for the poor actresses who tried hard and probably lost their voices(and their pride) after making this terrible movie. Do not judge this by the poster....you'll be very let down.	0
9379	"I've finally seen THE INCUBUS after waiting 20 something odd years to see it and well, it surely wasn't worth waiting all this time to see it. THE INCUBUS is strictly by-the-number horror film: unseen killer/monster is raping and murdering women in a small town. The film goes like this: movie opens with killing; then blah blah blah; more blah blah blah; then another killing; even more blah blah blah; continuing with blah blah blah; yet another killing (surprising, huh?); blah blah blah, etc...The film is totally predictable from beginning to end. Even the stupid ""big"" red-herring used throughout the movie wouldn't convince a 5 year old. And I figured out the secret identity of the incubus the moment I saw the character, so when the ""shocking"" surprise ending arrived, I wasn't shocked or surprised. In fact, it was so funny that I kept on chuckling days after I saw the movie. It's so silly!Anyway, the film is so by-the-number that the ""rock band"" sequence is one of the few stand-out moments in this dreary flick. It's a stand-out scene not necessarily because it's good but because it's so funny and pointless: the movie playing on the big screen shows a rock video-like moment with a guy in red leather pants getting his obviously fake long hair cut, all of this edited with scenes of a girl who is being attacked in the movie theater's washroom by the incubus. The best thing I could say about this film is the cinematography, which I actually liked. But aside from that, there's almost nothing worth mentioning about THE INCUBUS, except that it's unintentionally hilarious."	0	"I've finally seen THE INCUBUS after waiting 20 something odd years to see it and well, it surely was worth waiting all this time to see it. THE INCUBUS is strictly by-the-number horror film: unseen killer/monster is raping and murdering women in a small town. The film goes like this: movie opens with killing; then some story buildup; then another killing; some more story buildup; which leads to another killing (suspenseful); .The film is totally thrilling from beginning to end. Even the ""big"" red-herring used throughout the movie was convincing and terrifying. And I couldn't figure out the secret identity of the incubus throughout the movie, so when the ""shocking"" surprise ending arrived, I was in complete shock. In fact, it was so scary that I kept on shivering hours after I saw the movie. It's so creepy!Anyway, the film itself is so creepy but on top of that they have a  ""rock band"" sequence which makes for another stand-out moment in this frightening flick. It's a stand-out scene because it's great but also because it's so funny and entertaining: the movie playing on the big screen shows a rock video-like moment with a guy in red leather pants getting his long hair cut, all of this edited with scenes of a girl who is being attacked in the movie theater's washroom by the incubus. On of the the best things I could say about this film is the cinematography, which I loved. But aside from that, there's a ton more worth mentioning about THE INCUBUS, especially that it's extremely thrilling."	1
9388	"This is a review of The Wizard, not to be confused with The Wiz, or Mr. Wizard. The Wizard is a late-eighties film about a seriously silent boy's ability to play video games and walk during the entire opening credits. The Wiz is an unnecessary update of The Wizard of Oz, and Mr. Wizard is that guy that attached 100 straws together and had some kid drink tang out of it.Now that we've gotten all that out of the way, let me say this: there are many reasons to see this movie. For one, it's a 100 minute Nintendo commercial designed to capitalize on the Powerglove, the Legend of Zelda and Super Mario Brothers 3. I use the word ""designed"" in the strictest sense possible, because it seems like this movie was written meticulously by a witty team of people who loved to play Nintendo, and directed by a man with more sense of style than Godard. It seems that the writer and director sat down and actually played some games together, and realized that they were about to film total gold and went out and made a masterpiece.I hope that this has been an enlightening experience for you. It sure has been for me. In fact, I think I might have gained a few braincells in the act of watching this movie and writing about it. Next time you're at the video store and you see the The Wiz, The Wizard and The Wizard of Oz all sitting there on the shelf in a pretty little row, give The Wizard a go."	1	"This is a review of The Wizard, not to be confused with The Wiz, or Mr. Wizard. The Wizard is a late-eighties film about a seriously silent boy's ability to play video games and walk during the entire opening credits. The Wiz is an unnecessary update of The Wizard of Oz, and Mr. Wizard is that guy that attached 100 straws together and had some kid drink tang out of it.Now that we've gotten all that out of the way, let me say this: there's really no reason to see this movie. It's simply a 100 minute Nintendo commercial designed to capitalize on the Powerglove, the Legend of Zelda and Super Mario Brothers 3. I use the word ""designed"" in the loosest sense possible, because it seems like this movie was written over a weekend by a crack team of people who had never played Nintendo, and directed by a man with less sense of style than my grandmother. Maybe if the writer and director sat down and actually played some games together, they'd realize that they were about to film total rubbish and instead go to vocational school to learn how to install car stereos.I hope that this has been an enlightening experience for you. It sure hasn't been for me. In fact, I think I might have lost a few braincells in the act of watching this movie and writing about it. Next time you're at the video store and you see the The Wiz, The Wizard and The Wizard of Oz all sitting there on the shelf in a pretty little row, give them all a miss and play Duck Hunt instead."	0
9410	Towards the end of the movie, I felt it was technical. I felt like I was in a classroom watching how our Navy performs rescues at sea. I liked seeing that the engines have fire extinguishers. I guess I should have figured that out before, but I never thought about it. Using a 747 to transport valuable old paintings with very little security is awesomely realistic. The acting was pretty good, since they're mostly seasoned professionals, but if you're going to stretch so far from what would most likely happen, it should be more like a fantasy, comical, etc. Everything was taken seriously. At least the movie had Felix Ungar as pilot, with Buck Rogers, the night stalker, and Dracula also on board. The movie was filled with well known faces. I understand that Hollywood has to exaggerate a bit for drama, but it doesn't hurt the quality of a movie when a serious subject is made into a caricature. That's why I said it should have been more comical. My pet peeve with movies about airline travel is that everybody just casually moves about. They walk around with drinks, setting them down and picking them up 5 minutes later, just as if they're in a building or something, and acting as if turbulence just doesn't exist. Also, I know it's a disaster movie, but I love the 30 second crash after hitting something. Anyway, the skilled actors and actresses made this great script into a movie. I like Lee Grant, but it was fun to watch a psychotic person get decked...:)	1	Towards the end of the movie, I felt it was too technical. I felt like I was in a classroom watching how our Navy performs rescues at sea. I liked seeing that the engines have fire extinguishers. I guess I should have figured that out before, but I never thought about it. Using a 747 to transport valuable old paintings with very little security is odd and not realistic. The acting was pretty good, since they're mostly seasoned professionals, but if you're going to stretch so far from what would most likely happen, it should be more like a fantasy, comical, etc. Everything was taken too seriously. At least the movie had Felix Ungar as pilot, with Buck Rogers, the night stalker, and Dracula also on board. The movie was filled with well known faces. I understand that Hollywood has to exaggerate a bit for drama, but it does hurt the quality of a movie when a serious subject is made into a caricature. That's why I said it should have been more comical. My pet peeve with movies about airline travel is that everybody just casually moves about. They walk around with drinks, setting them down and picking them up 5 minutes later, just as if they're in a building or something, and acting as if turbulence just doesn't exist. Also, I know it's a disaster movie, but suspense doesn't have to include a 30 second crash after hitting something. Anyway, the skilled actors and actresses keep this weak script from having been made into a movie that got canned after it's first screening. I like Lee Grant, but it was fun to watch a psychotic person get decked...:)	0
9414	"OK, I have watched the original French version.  I can imagine this being better with subtitles.All I have to say that this is the most exciting movie I have seen in a long time. There are very many redeeming qualities to this film. That's why I can't understand all the negative reviews. It might be realistic in a sense but some real stories are best left untold.I usually like slow paced movies as long as it serves the purpose of the movie. Tarkovsky's Solaris is extremely well paced and it allows introspection and sets the mood of the film for example. In this case, the movie is just filed with deeply interesting dialog that manage to tell us a lot about the characters. Most of which I could identify with or care for. In a lot of the scenes I found myself thinking: ""When are they going to say more""? The acting was excellent. Not in an overacting obvious kind of way. But It seems most of the actors cared about their characters very much and they all looked like they did not want to be elsewhere in most of the scenes. This might be due to the inspired dialog they were given. Also the whole flow of the movie felt quite elegant. Going from one scene to the next. It seems this movie was just written (expertly) and well directed.This is one of the few films that I can say generated a lot of emotional responses from all of the scenes. Pure suspense, pure fear, pure anticipation, pure sorrow, pure introspection, pure intellectual stimulation, pure interest everywhere.A perfect example of what I call an anti-movie."	1	"OK, I have watched the original French version. But I can't imagine this being better with subtitles.All I have to say that this is the most boring movie I have seen in a long time. There are almost no redeeming qualities to this film. That's why I can't understand all the positive reviews. It might be realistic in a sense but some real stories are best left untold.I usually like slow paced movies as long as it serves the purpose of the movie. Tarkovsky's Solaris is extremely slow paced but it allows introspection and sets the mood of the film for example. But in this case, the movie is just filed with mindless dialog that manage to tell us little about the characters. None of which I could identify with or care for. In a lot of the scenes I found myself thinking: ""When are they going to shut up""? The acting was pretty bad. Not in an overacting obvious kind of way. But It seems none of the actors cared about their characters and they all looked like they wanted to be elsewhere in most of the scenes. This might be due to the uninspired dialog they were given. Also the whole flow of the movie felt quite mechanical. Going from one scene to the next. It seems this movie was just written (badly) but never directed.This is one of the few films that I can say generated no emotional response from any of the scenes. No suspense, no fear, no anticipation, no sorrow, no introspection, no intellectual stimulation, no interest what so ever.A perfect example of what I call an anti-movie."	0
9417	"I watched Phat Beach on cable for a while and I  enjoyed it. The fat guy is the best character, as he seems to be a nice guy. The rest of the characters are just various stereotypes of young men and young black men. I like to watch these low budget movies that capture a period of time because they are almost like a documentary of the year's attitudes and fads. Phat Beach is also funny because the low-budget babes in this movie are strictly home-girls. Most low-budget movies have that ""local babe"" quality, and you can tell the babes in this movie were the local strippers and underwear models for JC Penneys. Some of them had so much cellulite hanging from their bikinis that it was funny to watch how the ""youngsters"" went wild over what was essentially some really over-used, high-mileage skank. There were some cuties too. That is the charm of these low-budget crappy movies. You will see a lot of doggies, and some real cuties! I checked up on some of them at IMDb and seven years later Phat Beach is their only credit. Too bad. It would be interesting if someone ever managed to do a ""Where are they now"" book on all of the cuties that have appeared in the history of movies and then were never again to return. What happened?? There are probably one or two young people in almost every movie who seem to have a lot going for them and yet years later when you see the movie again on TV you wonder ""what ever happened to X?"" Anyhow, this movie mostly shines, and it has some really funny moments."	1	"I watched Phat Beach on cable for a while and I sort of enjoyed it. The fat guy is the best character, as he seems to be a nice guy. The rest of the characters are just various stereotypes of young men and young black men. I like to watch these low budget movies that capture a period of time because they are almost like a documentary of the year's attitudes and fads. Phat Beach is also funny because the low-budget babes in this movie are strictly home-girls. Most low-budget movies have that ""local babe"" quality, and you can tell the babes in this movie were the local strippers and underwear models for JC Penneys. Some of them had so much cellulite hanging from their bikinis that it was funny to watch how the ""youngsters"" went wild over what was essentially some really over-used, high-mileage skank. There were some cuties too. That is the charm of these low-budget crappy movies. You will see a lot of doggies, and some real cuties! I checked up on some of them at IMDb and seven years later Phat Beach is their only credit. Too bad. It would be interesting if someone ever managed to do a ""Where are they now"" book on all of the cuties that have appeared in the history of movies and then were never again to return. What happened?? There are probably one or two young people in almost every movie who seem to have a lot going for them and yet years later when you see the movie again on TV you wonder ""what ever happened to X?"" Anyhow, this movie mostly blows, but it has some funny moments."	0
9435	!!!!! OF COURSE THERE'S SPOILERS !!!!! I'm sure this project started off as a screen writing workshop on avoiding clichés in horror movies: Female protagonist - Check Bad things happen to drug takers - Check Heorine knocks out villain - Check Heroine doesn't notice villain recovering unconsciousness - Check Frame the sequence so we see recovered villain creep up behind heroine - Check Unfortunately it seems someone has sent this cliché list to a film studio instead of using it for class . Dear oh dear if only London transport was as regular as the clichés turning up here . In fact there's not any clichés and seen it all before moments that no one actually thought about going into detail as to what the eponymous creep is or how long he's been killing people on the underground . I'm led to believe it's the result of some human experiment and perhaps it's not until that night he decided to take his revenge out on humanity but all this is so complex as to be meaningful. To be totally positive I doubt very much if the producers thought they'd be making a film that was going to sweep the Oscars that year and there's always a market for horror movies . Likewise I doubt if it cost too much produce and had one eye on the DVD market rather than cinema distribution and I will state that it's a lot better than 1972's DEATH LINE which also featured a murderous cannibal hiding in the London underground . it's just that when you think all the clichés have been avoided in this film another cliché comes along to raise its ugly head and the film kicks it away	1	!!!!! OF COURSE THERE'S SPOILERS !!!!! I'm sure this project started off as a screen writing workshop on avoiding clichés in horror movies: Female protagonist - Check Bad things happen to drug takers - Check Heorine knocks out villain - Check Heroine doesn't notice villain recovering unconsciousness - Check Frame the sequence so we see recovered villain creep up behind heroine - Check Unfortunately it seems someone has sent this cliché list to a film studio instead of using it for class . Dear oh dear if only London transport was as regular as the clichés turning up here . In fact there's so many clichés and seen it all before moments that no one actually thought about going into detail as to what the eponymous creep is or how long he's been killing people on the underground . I'm led to believe it's the result of some human experiment and perhaps it's not until that night he decided to take his revenge out on humanity but all this is so vague as to be meaningless Not to be totally negative I doubt very much if the producers thought they'd be making a film that was going to sweep the Oscars that year and there's always a market for horror movies . Likewise I doubt if it cost too much produce and had one eye on the DVD market rather than cinema distribution and I will state that it's slightly better than 1972's DEATH LINE which also featured a murderous cannibal hiding in the London underground . it's just that when you think all the clichés have been used up in this film another cliché comes along to raise its ugly head	0
9458	Yes, this was pure magic. We know that the French often have a skewed idea of the USA, it's puritanism and views towards sex. As an American (Hoosier) who lives in France, I have ample opportunity to observe these attitudes. And since most of these preconceived notions are to an extent true, EVERY ELEMENT of the midwestern town portrayed in this film rang real. A man who has never had sex because he was told in high school 20 years prior that his penis is too big? Where in the world would you find that? A juke box in a bar that plays only vintage bluegrass? A town with maybe 16 people less than two hours away from Chicago, but with no major gas station, no Tvs in the home, no McDonalds, no kids... A population that knows each other's intimate details yet relentlessly gets together like one big family that hates each other. The adult males plant whoopee cushions at the local cafe, have farms but don't harvest, kill the guy they don't like in front of everyone and seem to get away with it, and all with equal emotion? The liberated French girl who will screw the 17 year old virgin boy because of her sexual generosity, the too much flesh guy who goes from getting off in cornfields by the mere breath of an Illinois breeze to helping deflower this same 17 year old farm boy? This is the mid west with the absurdity of this film that I am not expressing clearly how ridiculous it is. Go see it for the A-to-Z primer on what is the place I grew up. Gosh, I hope I didn't ruin it for you!	1	Yes, this was pure unbelievable condescending babble. We know that the French often have a skewed idea of the USA, it's puritanism and views towards sex. As an American (Hoosier) who lives in France, I have ample opportunity to observe these attitudes. And while some of these preconceived notions may be true, NOT ONE ELEMENT of the midwestern town portrayed in this film rang real. A man who has never had sex because he was told in high school 20 years prior that his penis is too big? Where in the world would you find that? A juke box in a bar that plays only vintage bluegrass? A town with maybe 16 people less than two hours away from Chicago, but with no major gas station, no Tvs in the home, no McDonalds, no kids... A population that knows each other's intimate details yet relentlessly gets together like one big family that hates each other. The adult males plant whoopee cushions at the local cafe, have farms but don't harvest, kill the guy they don't like in front of everyone and seem to get away with it, and all with equal emotion? The liberated French girl who will screw the 17 year old virgin boy because of her sexual generosity, the too much flesh guy who goes from getting off in cornfields by the mere breath of an Illinois breeze to helping deflower this same 17 year old farm boy? HELP! I am so baffled and astounded by the absurdity of this film that I am not expressing clearly how ridiculous it is. Go see it for the A-to-Z primer on what to avoid. Gosh, I hope I didn't ruin it for you!	0
9460	"As a youth pastor I heard good things about this movie. Then I watched it. The acting wasn't the best. That's forgivable. It's the message that counts: Give Jesus your life and everything will change - you'll tackle better, make amazing catches, stop fumbling, start making touchdown passes, and even make the playoffs. All because Jesus magically turns horrible undersized weaklings into All-American athletes. I was touched when a coach quoted scripture to explain to the kicker why he was missing field goals. But wait, that's not all. You'll get a brand new truck, a $6000 raise, and you and your wife's struggle with infertility will suddenly end in pregnancy - twice. THEN you'll win the state championship because God helps a weakling kick the winning field goal 12 yards further than he's ever kicked before - and into the wind, no less - all because ""God wanted him to make it."" Then you'll win the state championship again the next year. None of this good stuff would have happened if the team hadn't chosen to follow Jesus will all their hearts.Here's what I took away from the movie: God can do anything he wants to do whenever he wants to do it - and it's all about making our lives better, easier, and more enjoyable. He chooses his favorite team and helps them win games. This story is based on the bible. I'll bet Saint Stephen wished he'd known the keys to such a safe life before he was stoned to death. Someone should have made this movie before 10 of the 11 apostles were killed for following Jesus. It would have saved them all a lot of trouble."	1	"As a youth pastor I heard good things about this movie. Then I watched it. The acting wasn't the best. That's forgivable. It's the message that's not: Give Jesus your life and everything will change - you'll tackle better, make amazing catches, stop fumbling, start making touchdown passes, and even make the playoffs. All because Jesus magically turns horrible undersized weaklings into All-American athletes. I laughed out loud when a coach quoted scripture to explain to the kicker why he was missing field goals. But wait, that's not all. You'll get a brand new truck, a $6000 raise, and you and your wife's struggle with infertility will suddenly end in pregnancy - twice. THEN you'll win the state championship because God helps a weakling kick the winning field goal 12 yards further than he's ever kicked before - and into the wind, no less - all because ""God wanted him to make it."" Then you'll win the state championship again the next year. None of this good stuff would have happened if the team hadn't chosen to follow Jesus will all their hearts.Here's what I took away from the movie: God can do anything he wants to do whenever he wants to do it - and it's all about making our lives better, easier, and more enjoyable. He chooses his favorite team and helps them win games. Which bible is this story based on? I'll bet Saint Stephen wished he'd known the keys to such a safe life before he was stoned to death. Someone should have made this movie before 10 of the 11 apostles were killed for following Jesus. It would have saved them all a lot of trouble."	0
9467	"With a title like that, it's above and beyond my comprehension how this movie just appealed to me. Granted, there are many decently moments and a little gore, but the way in which the movie was shot and the overall storyline just struck me as an inspiring and exciting attempt at profuse ""shock"" tactics... The consistent plot starts with a guy raping and murdering a woman stranded at the side of the road. He and his abetting brother are imprisoned up until the brother breaks out and arranges to meet his girlfriend out in the woods. He ends up forcing her into a house where they screw and he later shows her a collection of kidnapped guys in the basement. The heavily drugged captives consist of her old boyfriend who raped her, a ""grabby"" neighbor, and her sexually abrasive boss. He explains to her that he is going to kill them all. She winds up killing HIM and then turning her focus towards the men (or pigs) whom she tortures and kills, herself... Most of the violence and humiliation has to do with sh!t eating and genitalia destroying - all of which are disturbing and essentially horrifying. The best scene is a graphic broom handle masturbation followed by some painful man-rape... Surely, ""I Spit on Your Corpse, I P!ss on Your Grave"" was intended as an unofficial sequel to ""I Spit on Your Grave"" - based on, mainly the title, and a reference the main character gives - suggesting her mother was Camille Keaton. I personally consider that to be a wildly accurate assertion! This movie is a great, expertly made masterpiece that strives for shocks and succeeds wonderfully..."	1	"With a title like that, it's above and beyond my comprehension how this movie just did NOT appeal to me. Granted, there's a few decently sleazy moments and a little gore, but the way in which the movie was shot and the overall storyline just struck me as an idiotic and lazy attempt at profuse ""shock"" tactics... The inconsistent plot starts with a guy raping and murdering a woman stranded at the side of the road. He and his abetting brother are imprisoned up until the brother breaks out and arranges to meet his girlfriend out in the woods. He ends up forcing her into a house where they screw and he later shows her a collection of kidnapped guys in the basement. The heavily drugged captives consist of her old boyfriend who raped her, a ""grabby"" neighbor, and her sexually abrasive boss. He explains to her that he is going to kill them all. She winds up killing HIM and then turning her focus towards the men (or pigs) whom she tortures and kills, herself... Most of the violence and humiliation has to do with sh!t eating and genitalia destroying - all of which are far from disturbing and essentially mild. The best scene is a graphic broom handle masturbation followed by some painful man-rape... Surely, ""I Spit on Your Corpse, I P!ss on Your Grave"" was intended as an unofficial sequel to ""I Spit on Your Grave"" - based on, mainly the title, and a reference the main character gives - suggesting her mother was Camille Keaton. I personally consider that to be a wildly blasphemous assertion! This movie is a boring, amateurish mess that strives for shocks but failed miserably..."	0
9473	This film was a big disappointment.I take the opposite view of the critics. This is not a case of the material not being up to the level of the actors; here the actors (Bette Davis and James Cagney) are simply not up to the level of the material. Clark Gable and Claudette Colbert were every bit as big as Davis and Cagney, and look how It Happened One Night turned out - an all-time classic. With a very similar story, Davis proves that she has no talent for comedy (good thing for her that this is just about the only comedy she ever attempted!) Davis' one-note performance oozes petulance, but none of the nuances of Colbert's acting in It Happened One Night. Cagney, who was a great comedy actor, just seems out-of-sync with his costar, Davis. The script provides some decent lines and gags, but the delivery seems better suited to drama than comedy.Part of the problem is the soundtrack, which, like the delivery of Davis and Cagney, seems more suitable to a light drama than a comedy.Jack Carson, who played similar roles throughout his career, has more capably handled very similar material. In a fairly typical supporting role Eugene Palette delivers a respectable performance. In a slightly different role as an old west relic, Harry Davenport, is very good. But in one of his poorest performances, William Frawley is quite irritating. His character's constant references to fictional cops are a poor effort at irony. I really love every one of these performers, and it is a shame that, as an ensemble they achieve no more chemistry and no better result than The Bride Came C.O.D.	0	This film was a big treat.I take the opposite view of the critics. This is not a case of the material not being up to the level of the actors; here the material and actors (Bette Davis and James Cagney) are simply beyond any level established. Clark Gable and Claudette Colbert were every bit as big as Davis and Cagney, and look how It Happened One Night turned out - an all-time classic. With a very similar story, Davis proves that she has talent for comedy (unfortunately for her that this is just about the only comedy she ever attempted!) Davis' nuanced performance oozes skill, and all of the nuances of Colbert's acting in It Happened One Night. Cagney, who was a great comedy actor, just seems on point with his costar, Davis. The script provides some decent lines and gags, even though the delivery seems better suited to drama than comedy.Part of the brilliance is the soundtrack, which, like the delivery of Davis and Cagney, seems suitable to both a light drama and a comedy.Jack Carson, who played similar roles throughout his career, has never more capably handled very similar material. In a fairly typical supporting role Eugene Palette delivers a respectable performance. In a slightly different role as an old west relic, Harry Davenport, is very good. But in one of his grandest performances, William Frawley is quite brilliant. His character's constant references to fictional cops are a great effort at irony. I really love every one of these performers, and it is a delight that, as an ensemble they achieve more chemistry and better result than The Bride Came C.O.D.	1
9483	Chan Wook Park is nothing if not inventive. I'M A CYBORG BUT THAT'S OK is chock full of amusing little technical flourishes with some ingenious ideas sprinkled in between. Attempting to walk in the footsteps of the likes of Marc Caro and Jeunet (CITY OF LOST CHILDREN, DELICATESSEN), Park embarks on a fanciful, lighthearted tale which is a radical departure from his usual morbid fare. Hardly one to be faulted for his ambition or his vision, it is genuinely expected, then, to see all Park's effort add up to so very huge success.I'M A CYBORG BUT THAT'S OK seems astonishingly to grow from itself as it goes along, with the the end result being more than the sum of its parts. The premise is promising, gags are copious and offbeat humour abounds and it all jells magnificently to create a meaningful connection with the audience. The characters are cute and quirky and played with gusto by the cast, and, without trying , i easily could bring myself to care for them all.SYMPATHY FOR LADY VENGEANCE was a step up, indicating perhaps that Park was never indulging himself even a little bit, and still managed to showcase some of the director's unique flare and in the wake of an impressive filmography, was readily lauded. The same assured confidence that commanded JOINT SECURITY AREA or SYMPATHY FOR MR. VENGEANCE is evident here. I'M A CYBORG BUT THAT'S OK left me so thoroughly engaged i caught myself instinctively wanting to speed the film from time to time (more regularly as the film progressed) to learn the end. I gave LADY a 9/10, and by that measure, this probably deserves more than a 9 For old time's sake, i'll be generous: 10/10	1	Chan Wook Park is nothing if not inventive. I'M A CYBORG BUT THAT'S OK is chock full of amusing little technical flourishes with some ingenious ideas sprinkled in between. Attempting to walk in the footsteps of the likes of Marc Caro and Jeunet (CITY OF LOST CHILDREN, DELICATESSEN), Park embarks on a fanciful, lighthearted tale which is a radical departure from his usual morbid fare. Hardly one to be faulted for his ambition or his vision, it is genuinely unexpected, then, to see all Park's effort add up to so very little.I'M A CYBORG BUT THAT'S OK seems astonishingly to subtract from itself as it goes along, with the the end result being a fraction of the sum of its parts. The premise is promising, gags are copious and offbeat humour abounds but it all fails miserably to create any meaningful connection with the audience. The characters are cute and quirky and played with gusto by the cast, but, try as i might, i could not bring myself to care for any.SYMPATHY FOR LADY VENGEANCE was a misstep, indicating perhaps that Park was overindulging himself a little bit, but it still managed to showcase some of the director's unique flare and in the wake of an impressive filmography, was readily forgiven. None of the assured confidence that commanded JOINT SECURITY AREA or SYMPATHY FOR MR. VENGEANCE is evident here. I'M A CYBORG BUT THAT'S OK left me so utterly unengaged i caught myself instinctively fast forwarding from time to time (more regularly as the film progressed). I gave LADY a 5/10, and by that measure, this probably deserves no more than a 3. For old time's sake, i'll be generous: 4/10	0
9494	First thing I noticed in this movie of course, was the unnecessary amount of nudity. It's not oozing nudity or anything, but a lot that was not needed. Annik Borel plays a disturbed woman believing her families ghost stories that her ancestor who eerily resembles her was a werewolf, and believes their fate are destined to be the same. Which actually I found quite interesting. The original Wolf Man was intended to be a completely psychological movie, but Universal threw in the actual Wolf man you were never supposed to see for n extra buck or two. I find this concept of someone not really being a werewolf interesting. Unfortunately this is not the film I was searching for.Instead we know shes not a werewolf from the beginning, so there's no thrill or twist, also they attempt to make the film seem like a this really happened scenario. They fail there too adding one or two parts of the film referring to this being reality. At first I was excited upon reading the description of the film. But I slowly realized it was a cover just so they could expose the main characters breasts as often as possible.Annik Borel is either a decent actor playing a great psychotic role, or a really bad actor playing a psychotic role. Since the character Danniele has no brains and is just a nut who runs around insane and snarling and snapping like a wolf, it takes little skill to play. She has moments were her performance breaks through for a creepy moment but is quickly ruined by the poor camera work and light. The idea is great, but hideously executed throughout the film. 3/10	0	First thing I noticed in this movie of course, was the amount of nudity. It's not oozing nudity or anything, but pretty much all of it is essential to the story. Annik Borel plays a disturbed woman believing her families ghost stories that her ancestor who eerily resembles her was a werewolf, and believes their fate are destined to be the same. Which actually I found quite interesting. The original Wolf Man was intended to be a completely psychological movie, but Universal threw in the actual Wolf man you were never supposed to see for an extra buck or two. I find this concept of someone not really being a werewolf interesting. Fortunately this was just the film I was searching for.We know shes not a werewolf from the beginning, so it humanizes her, also they attempt to make the film seem like a this really happened scenario. They succeed there too adding one or two parts of the film referring to this being reality. At first I was wary upon reading the description of the film. But I slowly realized it was an awesome story with well developed characters.Annik Borel is either a decent actor playing a great psychotic role, or a really bad actor playing a psychotic role. Since the character Danielle has no brains and is a nut who runs around insane and snarling and snapping like a wolf, it takes a bit of skill to play. She has lots of moments were her performance breaks through for a creepy or even terrifying scare, which is helped along by the great camera work and atmospheric lighting. The idea is great, and well executed throughout the film. 8/10	1
9506	'Say Yes' is one of those flicks that you keep hoping is going to get better, and it does. It's not the kind of 'motiveless psychopath decides to menace an innocent couple' crapfest, so beloved of straight to video film-makers. The dialogue is flawless and, in several places, perfectly translated. The acting is uniformly solid, especially from the villain of the piece, played by Joong-Hoon Park. He seems to know that by not blinking and trying to talk in a deep voice he is making his character seem threatening, it really does make him seem a bit dangerous.The plot deserves special mention, as it is superb beyond all belief. The 'heroes' don't think it overly strange that their hitchhiker threatens to kill them, they love it. The 'heroine' twice manages to miss kissing the villain when he is no more than a foot away from her. The villain gets past a police checkpoint (while wearing a shirt covered in blood, and a bloody head bandage) by showing the cops a burnt corpse in the passenger seat of the car he is driving. The villain is punched, clubbed with a shovel and stuck through with a pitchfork, but never seems to be impeded by these, rather serious, injuries. And get me started on that awesome 'twist' ending. YEAAHH.The plus point in this film, for me, is Sang Mi Chu. Who is very pretty, but really no more than a my favorite actress.Overall, this film comes off like a fantastically  written, boldly acted and homage directed attempt to copy 'The Hitcher' and 'Spoorloos', but it succeeds at every turn due to the incredible talent of everyone involved.	1	'Say Yes' is one of those flicks that you keep hoping is going to get better, but it never does. It's the kind of 'motiveless psychopath decides to menace an innocent couple' crapfest, so beloved of straight to video film-makers. The dialogue is clunky and, in several places, poorly translated. The acting is uniformly poor, especially from the villain of the piece, played by Joong-Hoon Park. He seems to think that by not blinking and trying to talk in a deep voice he is making his character seem threatening, when all it really does is make him seem a bit simple.The plot deserves special mention, as it is idiotic beyond all belief. The 'heroes' don't think it overly strange that their hitchhiker threatens to kill them. The 'heroine' twice manages to miss seeing the villain when he is no more than a foot away from her. The villain gets past a police checkpoint (while wearing a shirt covered in blood, and a bloody head bandage) by showing the cops a burnt corpse in the passenger seat of the car he is driving. The villain is punched, clubbed with a shovel and stuck through with a pitchfork, but never seems to be impeded by these, rather serious, injuries. And don't even get me started on that terrible 'twist' ending. Sheesh.The only plus point in this film, for me, is Sang Mi Chu. Who is very pretty, but really no more than a mediocre actress.Overall, this film comes off like a poorly written, flaccidly acted and shockingly directed attempt to copy 'The Hitcher' and 'Spoorloos', but it fails at every turn due to a lack of talent in everyone involved.	0
9511	My main comment on this movie is how Zwick was able to get such incredible actors to work on this movie? Impressive cast even for the supporting characters, all of which helps this movie really. I have to admit, Tom Hank's cameo made it worth it  what was that about Tom? Did you lose a bet? The best cameo of the movie was Joe Isuzu though - by far a classic! The premise is good. Basinger's character, struggling with existence as a Pink Lady, is making her way toward Vegas motel by motel pitching the glorious pyramid of cosmetic sales. This happens as Corbett's character is on his way to Vegas to deliver an Elvis suit to his soon to be ex-wife motivated by .what else .extortion. As they both make their way, they have numerous run-ins with Elvis impersonators who on their way to an Elvis impersonating convention in Vegas. Soon, the FBI gets involved and begins to track what they think is an Elvis impersonator serial killer. Fortunately, premise and the movie were both good.When watching this movie, imagine you are back in the first grade  when story lines and continuity aren't really important. It is much more enjoyable to just watch Basinger look beautiful in her Pink Lady outfit rather than wondering why what she is doing doesn't really make sense. The movie tries hard, and ultimately succeeds. Ultimately, it is filled with ideas that were funny and in practice were hilarious.It isn't the best, but you may find you yourself feel like staying in your seat when watching this one!	1	My main comment on this movie is how Zwick was able to get credible actors to work on this movie? Impressive cast  even for the supporting characters, none of which helps this movie really. I have to admit though, Tom Hank's cameo almost made it worth it  what was that about Tom? Did you lose a bet? The best cameo of the movie was Joe Isuzu though - by far a classic! The premise is good. Basinger's character, struggling with existence as a Pink Lady, is making her way toward Vegas motel by motel pitching the glorious pyramid of cosmetic sales. This happens as Corbett's character is on his way to Vegas to deliver an Elvis suit to his soon to be ex-wife motivated by .what else .extortion. As they both make their way, they have numerous run-ins with Elvis impersonators who on their way to an Elvis impersonating convention in Vegas. Soon, the FBI gets involved and begins to track what they think is an Elvis impersonator serial killer. Unfortunately, premise doesn't mean the movie was good.When watching this movie, imagine you are back in the first grade  when story lines and continuity aren't really important. It is much more enjoyable to just watch Basinger look beautiful in her Pink Lady outfit rather than wondering why what she is doing doesn't really make sense. The movie tries hard, but ultimately falls way way way short. Ultimately, it is filled with ideas that could have theoretically been funny but in practice were not that funny.It isn't the worst, but you may find you yourself feel like leaving the building when watching this one Don't say I didn't warn you!	0
9522	"Ben Stiller doesn't so much act as react. And he does it very well. He is very dependent on the comedy going on around him. In There's Something About Mary, the stand-up hair scene only works because of Stiller trying to keep a straight face. When he confronts Mary's other two suitors, he is the unfunniest guy in the room but the scene is hilarious.In Along Came Polly, the formula breaks down for reasons that are difficult to fathom. Stiller is surrounded by an array of comic talent. Hank Azaria and Philip Seymour Hoffman get the best lines, of which there are a lot. Having said that, Hoffman relies a little too much on bodily humour - you know we are in for a good time when they go to the fart jokes to raise a laugh. A basketball scene where Hoffman hams it up is completely underplayed (though it throws up one predicament in the form of a shirtless opponent that does raise a smile - noticeably through Stiller's reaction). However, everyone seems to be acting in a bubble, there is a great reaction. Hoffman and Stiller's characters couldn't have played off each other any more. Aniston again reprises her Rachael role, but Stiller is no Ross. It is more of a ""Joey with a crush on Rachael"" scenario.Polly is a by-the-numbers rom-com and that is its success - it has heart. You root for the characters. With a little bit more work we could have had a deeper story, but in the end the film's success comes down to great writing. Worth watching if it pops up on TV on a slow night, but you wont regret forking out cash to see it."	1	"Ben Stiller doesn't so much act as react. And he does it very well. He is very dependent on the comedy going on around him. In There's Something About Mary, the stand-up hair scene only works because of Stiller trying to keep a straight face. When he confronts Mary's other two suitors, he is the unfunniest guy in the room but the scene is hilarious.In Along Came Polly, the formula breaks down for reasons that are difficult to fathom. Stiller is surrounded by an array of comic talent. Hank Azaria and Philip Seymour Hoffman get the best lines, of which there are too few. Having said that, Hoffman relies a little too much on bodily humour - you know we are in trouble when they go to the fart jokes to raise a laugh. A basketball scene where Hoffman hams it up is completely overplayed (though it throws up one predicament in the form of a shirtless opponent that does raise a smile - noticeably through Stiller's reaction). However, everyone seems to be acting in a bubble, there is very little reaction. Hoffman and Stiller's characters could have played off each other much, much more. Aniston again reprises her Rachael role, but Stiller is no Ross. It is more of a ""Joey with a crush on Rachael"" scenario.Polly is a by-the-numbers rom-com and that is its failing - it lacks heart. You don't root for the characters. With a little bit more work we could have had a deeper story, but in the end the film's failure comes down to poor writing. Worth watching if it pops up on TV on a slow night, but you'll regret forking out cash to see it."	0
9527	"Of all the movies I've seen, this one rates almost at the top(Haunted Mansion, Nothing but Trouble and a few others keep it from reaching the zenith.) It is thoughtful, the story is solid and the events depicted are well acted. Of course we have to lay some of this at the book writer's door. The book the movie was filmed after is outrageously lively, and logical. Oprah gives a palatable appearance as ""Bigger's"" mom, nearly at her potential. Other famous performers also seem to be at their best. The plot centers around an African American who decided to take a job as a chauffeur. In driving the family daughter to a communist dinner he becomes acquainted. One thing leads to another and the girl gets drunk. Now the family he's working for are not against blacks, but he thinks they are. So when he comes home he puts her to bed, but she begins caterwauling. The blind mother (yes) hears this, so Bigger tries to silence her, but instead  smothers her.  Now fearing he's really in trouble for killing a white girl he does what any logical thinking man would do--he shoves her into the coal furnace. So investigators are carrying out a missing person case and lo they check the furnace (the idiot didn't have the foresight to get rid of the ashes. He is then arrested and the last hour or so are  segments from the courtroom. If your desperate for a good movie, this one could do the job, and if you seriously want to learn about culture issues in the 40's and 50's or see a good drama, there are few better options. Indulge yourself."	1	"Of all the movies I've seen, this one rates almost at the bottom (Haunted Mansion, Nothing but Trouble and a few others keep it from reaching rock bottom.) It is hasty, the story is shaky and the events depicted are poorly acted. Of course we have to lay some of this at the book writer's door. The book the movie was filmed after is outrageously ponderous, and illogical. Oprah gives a palatable appearance as ""Bigger's"" mom, but is not nearly at her potential. Other famous performers also seem to be at their worst. The plot which centers around an African American who decided to take a job as a chauffeur. In driving the family daughter to a communist dinner he becomes acquainted. One thing leads to another and the girl gets drunk. Now the family he's working for are not against blacks, but he thinks they are. So when he comes home he puts her to bed, but she begins caterwauling. The blind mother (yes) hears this, so Bigger tries to silence her, but instead smothers her. Now fearing he's really in trouble for killing a white girl he does what any logical thinking man would do--he shoves her into the coal furnace. So investigators are carrying out a missing person case and lo they check the furnace (the idiot didn't have the foresight to get rid of the ashes. He is then arrested and the last hour or so are obnoxious segments from the courtroom. If your desperate for a bad movie, this one could do the job, but if you seriously want to learn about culture issues in th 40's and 50's or see a good drama, there are a lot better options. Avoid this."	0
9552	I normally do not take the time to make comments that few people will read, about movies few will see. However, in this case, I feel I must warn all those who might consider wasting time on it. I just finished watching it only five minutes ago. This is, quite simply, one of the worst movies that I have ever seen in my life. The acting is horrible, a plot is nonexistent, and production values are poverty level at best. I know that even a low budget movie can be great, but not this one. There is only thing that could have saved this movie for any horror fan's purposes--more on-screen gore and slashing! The grand total of three times that this occurs is off-screen. While it is effective and reasonably disturbing when it happens--especially the end scene--there is simply not enough of it. The movie is just too long for it's minimal content, too dialogue heavy, and consequently almost impossible to watch. What happens? To put it all in a nutshell with room to spare, three teenage girls irresponsibly and knowingly go out driving through an isolated area where over 20 girls have previously been abducted and murdered. Their car, of course, breaks down, and they are taken to an old boring house inhabited by three crazy people--one of whom is the psychotic killer. All three are eventually murdered, one by one, off-screen, after what seems like an eternity of boring, slow-paced nonsense. As I said, the only things worth watching even once are the murders. Please don't buy it or rent it just for that, and don't be fooled like I was by the misleading box art and movie description. Save your money and your time.	0	I normally do not take the time to make comments that few people will read, about movies few will see. However, in this case, I feel I must tell you it's great. I just finished watching it only five minutes ago. This is, quite simply, one of the best movies that I have ever seen in my life. The acting is great, a plot is smart, and production values are top notch. I know that even a low budget movie can be great, but this is amazing. There is only thing that could have made it better, more boobs! The grand total of three times that this occurs is off-screen. While it is effective and reasonably disturbing when it happens--especially the end scene--there is simply not enough of it. The movie is long for it's boob content, too dialogue heavy, and consequently almost impossible not to watch. What happens? To put it all in a nutshell with room to spare, three teenage girls irresponsibly and knowingly go out driving through an isolated area where over 20 girls have previously been abducted and murdered. Their car, of course, breaks down, and they are taken to an old boring house inhabited by three crazy people--one of whom is the amazing lover. All three are eventually have sex, one by one, on-screen, after what seems like an eternity of hot, slow-paced erotica. As I said, the only things worth watching even once are the sex scenes. Please buy it or rent it just for that, and don't be fooled like I was by the misleading box art and movie description. Spend your money and your time.	1
9553	What a great excuse for New Zealnd Movie making. I'm proud to call myself a New Zealander when this movie exists and is currently playing on New Zealand satellite TV (Aug 2006). The cast is made up of a large number of local soap stars. The ship, in real life, is one of the inter-island ferries that travel daily between the two main islands and even has the company's logo (a dolphin) still all over the set including on the ship's funnel. The ship is supposed to be a cruise ship/ferry between the USA and Mexico. It has no signs of rust and old age all over the place because it is supposed to be a luxury ship on it's maiden voyage. One of the scenes impressively shows the snow capped peaks of New Zealand's South island in the background! Must have been a very cold time on the USA/Mexico area! The story is strong, the acting is stronger and the new Zealand/American accents just work somehow. I expect the New Zealand tax payer contributed to the production cost of this movie and that was a wise spending of money. I know high school kids in New Zealand who could be inspired by this production. Goof: There is a truck in the hold with tagging on it and they stuck a Taco Company sign on the door of the truck, presumably to make it look like it was American. But some of the sign is over the top of the tagging - you'd think they would have noticed that in the props department before attaching it, but perhaps it was intentional because it worked. I'd love to go on but it it's so gripping you need to watch it for yourself.	1	What a poor excuse for New Zealnd Movie making. I'm ashamed to call myself a New Zealander when this movie exists and is currently playing on New Zealand satellite TV (Aug 2006). The cast is made up of a large number of local soap stars. The ship, in real life, is one of the inter-island ferries that travel daily between the two main islands and even has the company's logo (a dolphin) still all over the set including on the ship's funnel. The ship is supposed to be a cruise ship/ferry between the USA and Mexico. It has obvious signs of rust and old age all over the place yet is supposed to be a luxury ship on it's maiden voyage. One of the scenes shows the snow capped peaks of New Zealand's South island in the background for God's sake! Must have been a very cold time on the USA/Mexico area! The story is weak, the acting is weaker and the new Zealand/American accents just don't work. I expect the New Zealand tax payer contributed to the production cost of this movie and that was a waste of money better spent on a real production. I know high school kids in New Zealand who could make better movies with their cell phones. Goof: There is a truck in the hold with tagging on it and they stuck a Taco Company sign on the door of the truck, presumably to make it look like it was American. But some of the sign is over the top of the tagging - you'd think they would have noticed that in the props department before attaching it. I'd love to go on but it just isn't worth the trouble in any way.	0
9575	After coming off the first one you think the wayans brothers could come up with some new jokes. Though i guess not. If the first one wasn't bad enough this one is just so bad it hurts to watch. With all the actors they had in this film you think they could come up with something a little more clever. Though they couldn't, they had to take all the same raunchy, not funny jokes from the first one and somehow put it into this film thinking people would laugh at it again. Though the thing is i didn't laugh at it the first time. They tried to make these movies into parodies though they failed at every level. Most of the time it's just randomly inserted jokes, that are so disgusting and raunchy that it's hard to watch it and enjoy it. Then when they do try to do scenes that are movie parodies they just end up making a 20 minute recreation of the scene with maybe one joke within the entire scene. Also for people saying that its not for the older and real young audience, well i fit into the age range that it's supposed to be funny for. While people say that different people have different ideas of what is funny or not, if you do find this funny then you probably aren't one of the more mature or intelligent people around. It doesn't take that much skill to write that kind of a script, though if you do want a more clever and funnier movie go see the movie Spaceballs. It's a movie parody that's actually good and well done and it didn't have to use disgusting and raunchy jokes to make it funny either.	0	After coming off the first one I was surprised the wayans brothers could come up with some new jokes. Wow i guess so. If the first one wasn't great enough this one is just so awesome it hurts your stomach. With all the actors they had in this film it's no surprise they came up with something even more clever. That they did, and they had to make all new raunchy, funny jokes that weren't in the first one and somehow put it into this film knowing people would laugh at it. The thing is i didn't laugh at it the first time, but I did during this one. They make these movies into parodies and they succeed at every level. Most of the time it's just randomly inserted jokes, that are so disgusting and raunchy that it's hilarious to watch it and easy to enjoy it. Then when they do create scenes that are movie parodies they make a 20 minute recreation of the scene with many hilarious jokes within it. Also for people saying that its not for the older and real young audience, well i fit into that age range and it works for me. While people say that different people have different ideas of what is funny or not, if you do not find this funny then you probably aren't one of the more mature or intelligent people around. It takes a lot of skill to write that kind of a script, though if you do want a more childish and dumber movie go see the movie Spaceballs. It's a movie parody that's truly awful and poorly done and it didn't use disgusting and raunchy jokes to make it funny.	1
9579	I'm not a big fan of slasher flicks as a genre, but even by the standards of low-low-budget exploitation, this one is really lame. Even on a nudity-and-gore level, it's incredibly boring (there is some of both, but it's all sort of...meh). Before the home video revolution, it might not even have been released theatrically (though it might have; after all, *Plan 9 From Outer Space* played in theaters). There is precisely one good (and competently-delivered) line in the entire movie; I assume they stole it from somewhere.The acting is among the worst I have ever seen. I mean, even Ed Wood had a couple of competent actors, and the rest tended to be ludicrously hammy, which can be fun to watch. Anyway, most of his actors could pretty much pass as literate. Here, those who don't read their lines like cigar-store Indians sound like they learned them phonetically. And this film does have one distinction: it manages to be badly underplotted for most of the movie, then laughably overplotted for the ending.(Update: I should have singled out the actress playing the receptionist as an exception. She is by no means wooden. Not that she's good, but she certainly isn't wooden.)Even the worst slasher flicks are generally good for a few Puritan meditations on their grotesque offensiveness, but with this one, there doesn't even seem to be anything there to work up a moral outrage about.And you know the funniest thing? They clearly expected to make a sequel!It's so bad and boring that it actually becomes fascinating in a weird way. I sat enrapt through much of the video wondering why anyone would go to the bother of making it.	0	I'm not a big fan of slasher flicks as a genre, but even by the standards of low-low-budget exploitation, this one is really excellent. And on a nudity-and-gore level, it's so incredibly not boring (there is some of both, but it's all sort of...great). Before the home video revolution, it might not even have been released theatrically (though it might have; after all, *Plan 9 From Outer Space* played in theaters). There is so many good (and competently-delivered) lines in the movie;. The acting is among the best I have ever seen. I mean, even Ed Wood had a couple of competent actors, and the rest tended to be ludicrously hammy, which can be fun to watch. Anyway, most of his actors could pretty much pass as literate. Here, those who don't read their lines like cigar-store Indians sound like they learned them phonetically. And this film does have one distinction: it manages to be badly underplotted for most of the movie, then laughably overplotted for the ending. (Update: I should have singled out the actress playing the receptionist as an exception. She is by no means wooden. Not that she's good, but she certainly isn't wooden.) Even the worst slasher flicks are generally good for a few Puritan meditations on their grotesque offensiveness, but with this one, there doesn't even seem to be anything there to work up a moral outrage about. And you know the funniest thing? They clearly expected to make a sequel! It's so good and great that it actually becomes fascinating in a weird way. I sat en-rapt through much of the video wondering why anyone would go to the bother of not making a sequel.	1
9609	"Suggesting nothing less than a movie-length version of the 1970s TV hit ""Love, American Style,"" decked out with flashes of nudity, ""Superchick"" (1973) is a lighthearted piece of fluff that somehow still manages to entertain. And the lead character here, Tara B. True, really IS some kind of superchick. A stewardess (not flight attendant) who's so good-looking that even her plane's autopilot has made a pass at her (!), and with a hunky boyfriend in every port, this wingin', swingin' gal really does put the ""lay"" in ""layover."" What with her germaphobe surgeon beau in New York, her playboy with gangster problems in Miami, and her creatively challenged rock star dude in L.A., Tara sure does keep busy. And when she's not draining these guys of all their manly energies, as the viewer learns, she's liable to be taking a karate class, mile-high clubbing, fending off flashers and rapists, attending groovy pot parties AND stopping a hijacking attempt on her airplane. As I said, lighthearted fun, and surely good for a night when you're feeling somewhat brain-dead and just want to veg out in front of the tube. Future astrologist Joyce Jillson does bring some vacuous charm to her role as Tara, and the film looks handsome enough to please. Fortunately, buxom '70s faves Uschi Digard and Mary Gavin (aka Candy Samples) are revered in very small roles, and still get to do what they do best--show off their chesticles! Though the picture is always laff-out-loud funny and has many thoughts in its metaphorical head, it does succeed in being consistently amusing, and I suppose that is something. Strange that the end credits should call attention to Ms. Jillson's body double, however; don't think I've ever seen THAT before!"	1	"Suggesting nothing less than a movie-length version of the 1970s TV hit ""Love, American Style,"" decked out with flashes of nudity, ""Superchick"" (1973) is a lighthearted piece of fluff that somehow still manages to entertain. And the lead character here, Tara B. True, really IS some kind of superchick. A stewardess (not flight attendant) who's so good-looking that even her plane's autopilot has made a pass at her (!), and with a hunky boyfriend in every port, this wingin', swingin' gal really does put the ""lay"" in ""layover."" What with her germaphobe surgeon beau in New York, her playboy with gangster problems in Miami, and her creatively challenged rock star dude in L.A., Tara sure does keep busy. And when she's not draining these guys of all their manly energies, as the viewer learns, she's liable to be taking a karate class, mile-high clubbing, fending off flashers and rapists, attending groovy pot parties AND stopping a hijacking attempt on her airplane. As I said, lighthearted fun, and surely good for a night when you're feeling somewhat brain-dead and just want to veg out in front of the tube. Future astrologist Joyce Jillson does bring some vacuous charm to her role as Tara, and the film looks handsome enough to please. Disappointingly, buxom '70s faves Uschi Digard and Mary Gavin (aka Candy Samples) are wasted here in very small roles, but still get to do what they do best--show off their chesticles! Though the picture is never laff-out-loud funny and doesn't really have many thoughts in its metaphorical head, it does succeed in being consistently amusing, and I suppose that is something. Strange that the end credits should call attention to Ms. Jillson's body double, however; don't think I've ever seen THAT before!"	0
9620	Hey Arnold! is a fast-paced and witty movie. The plot is very creative. The Paul Sorvino character (Shenk) is buying all of the decrepit, low-priced buildings in order to build a gigantic mall, shopping complex and office buildings. This plot goes back to many 1960s kids movies. Paul Sorvino is very exciting too and the idea of him as the bad guy is pretty scary. Gramps remembers something about a historical document, and the rest of the movie is about the last 36 hours when Arnold and Jamal must find the document with the undercover aid of Helga, whose father is hoping to become rich thanks to Shenk's Mall. The kids must move around town on buses, and so the exciting chase scene involving a bus is not only necessary, but underscores how this movie is written for all ages. Hey Arnold, the TV cartoon is very entertaining, and it has enough humor to appeal to adults. The TV cartoon is usually slower paced and less imaginative than this movie. Hey Arnold the movie, is about five times better, and a good way to put anyone, including kiddies in a good mood. Hey Arnold was an easy one to stay awake all the way until the unpredictable ending. If you want to send your kids to a totally non-offensive movie, this is it. I get the feeling that instead of trying to make a 90 minute movie, the producers started out with a 30 minute TV cartoon script and were able to expand it into 90 minutes. This Mall Story just couldn't have been covered in the TV cartoon. Hopefully, there will be a sequel.	1	Hey Arnold! is a slow-paced and slightly boring movie. The plot is not very creative. The Paul Sorvino character (Shenk) is buying all of the decrepit, low-priced buildings in order to build a gigantic mall, shopping complex and office buildings. This plot goes back to many 1960s kids movies. It is boring. Paul Sorvino is not very exciting either, so the idea of him as the bad guy is not very scary. Gramps remembers something about a historical document, and the rest of the movie is about the last 36 hours when Arnold and Jamal must find the document with the undercover aid of Helga, whose father is hoping to become rich thanks to Shenk's Mall. The kids must move around town on buses, and so the exciting chase scene involving a bus is not only silly, but underscores how this movie is written for very young kids. Hey Arnold, the TV cartoon is usually very entertaining, and it has enough humor to appeal to adults. The TV cartoon is usually faster paced and more imaginative than this movie. Hey Arnold the movie, is about five times more sedated, and a good way to put anyone, including kiddies to sleep. Hey Arnold was a tough one to stay awake all the way until the predictable and totally boring ending. If you want to send your kids to a totally non-offensive movie, this is it. I get the feeling that instead of trying to make a 90 minute movie, the producers started out with a 30 minute TV cartoon script and tried to expand it into 90 minutes. This Mall Story definitely could have been covered in the TV cartoon. Hopefully Arnold will bet a better writer if there is ever a sequel.	0
9624	Yowza! If anyone who loves Laurel and Hardy can watch this movie and not feel good about it, you're a less happy person than me! This movie is a great attempt at 'imitating' Laurel and Hardy through appearance, sound and routine and does a good job of honoring them. It is definitely a movie of  substance. I credit Larry Harmon. Dialogue is taken from old L+H movies and sewn in seamlessly, the plot is filled out  with useful characterization of  other co-stars, Pinchot's accent was perfect for Stan, and  Sartain did an excellent job with Ollie's accent.  He  created the wonderful mix that was Mr. Hardy. There were good musical numbers. Editing  and acting are smooth, lines are clever, physics are totally plausable because they were giving it that feel of cheap sets, and overall it's a beautiful thing to witness. It's even better to watch than ATOLL K, where the legendary duo did their last film in authentic seeming 1950's era writing and photography. Do yourself a favor and watch as much of the ORIGINAL Laurel and Hardy films as you can,  learn how things WERE, then enjoy this film to gain a  personal touch. You know what a MAGNATE is, don't you? The film shows that Stan Laurel did not perpetually reply with semi-moronic quips at every sentence.Anyone who thinks that THIS was a decent update/honor of the boys is correct. All that was missing  was THE CLASSIC THEME SONG! We got to see 'Here's another fine mess'! Am glad they skipped 'any the wiser'.  It was fun to see the cast  fleshed out with plenty of co-stars! Some might ask  WHY MISS GULCH FROM THE WIZARD OF OZ???? It was fun to see Larry Harmon and Bozo in it. And did THE LEARNING CHANNEL help fund the thing?I mean, really. I couldn't stop laughing. Fart jokes, for God's sake.FART JOKES.	1	Yowza! If anyone who loves Laurel and Hardy can watch this movie and feel good about it, you're a better person than me! This movie, while a great attempt at 'imitating' Laurel and Hardy through appearance, sound and routine, falls very short of honoring them, or even being a movie of any substance. I blame Larry Harmon. Dialogue is torn from old L+H movies and planted in unrealistically, the plot is muddled with useless characterization of the other needless co-stars, Pinchot's accent was bizarre for Stan, and while Sartain did an excellent job with Ollie's accent, he tried too hard to create the wonderful mix that was Mr. Hardy. Where was a (good) musical number? Editing is choppy, acting is stiff, lines are horrid, physics are -implausable- (although perhaps they were TRYING to give it that feel of cheap sets?), and overall it's a terrible thing to witness. It's even more painful to watch than ATOLL K, where the legendary duo did their last film in awful 1950's era writing and photography. Do yourself a favor and watch as much of the ORIGINAL Laurel and Hardy films as you can, and learn how things WERE. You know what a MAGNATE is, don't you? Stan Laurel did not perpetually reply with semi-moronic quips at every sentence.I pity anyone who thinks that THIS was a decent update/honor of the boys. Where was THE CLASSIC THEME SONG?!? Why ruin 'Here's another fine mess'? Why skip 'any the wiser'? Why was there a pointless gaggle of co-stars?! WHY MISS GULCH FROM THE WIZARD OF OZ???? WHY MUST LARRY HARMON BE IN IT? WHY BOZO!? And did THE LEARNING CHANNEL help fund the thing?I mean, really. Fart jokes, for God's sake.FART JOKES.	0
9629	"Actually, this flick, made in 1999, has pretty good production values. The actors are attractive, and reasonably talented. There aren't a bunch of clowns running around blasting away, expending hundreds of rounds, but never hitting flesh. Nor are there wild car chases/crashes where thousands of dollars worth of beautiful machines are uselessly trashed.The interiors look respectably modern, architecturally, and the equipment looks up to snuff. Well, there is that high tech computer room furnished with what look like leftovers from a '50s electronics lab. And the pancake make-up on the corpses was pretty creepy. Not pancake make-up in the conventional sense, but what looks like dried pancake batter slathered over their exposed skin. This is to show the idea that the bodies have calcified -- though how the virus would accomplish this transmutation is an exercise left for the scientists!Ah yes, the virus. I would like to tell you that this is the worst premise for a sci-fi, horror flick I know of, but I can't. A computer virus that is transmitted via a television (or computer monitor) screen and becomes a lethal biological pathogen? Pretty scary stuff. Warp drives a la ""Star Trek"" are one thing, but photons becoming viruses? This is so creepy the desired ""fright factor"" is off the charts. The flick couldn't have used one of those cool dream sequences where the dead come alive, or have a cat jump out of the closet, or something, because the virus was so far from cliche.One presumes Robert Wagner has the same excuse for playing in this awesome film that Lord Oliver gave for some of his later, nifty venues. He had passion for it. No other comparison between the two should be construed, however."	1	"Actually, this flick, made in 1999, has pretty good production values. The actors are attractive, and reasonably talented. There aren't a bunch of clowns running around blasting away, expending hundreds of rounds, but never hitting flesh. Nor are there wild car chases/crashes where thousands of dollars worth of beautiful machines are uselessly trashed.The interiors look respectably modern, architecturally, and the equipment looks up to snuff. Well, there is that high tech computer room furnished with what look like leftovers from a '50s electronics lab. And the pancake make-up on the corpses cracked me up. Not pancake make-up in the conventional sense, but what looks like dried pancake batter slathered over their exposed skin. This is supposed to support the idea that the bodies have calcified -- though how the virus would accomplish this transmutation is an exercise left for the student (viewer).Ah yes, the virus. I would like to tell you that this is not the absolute worst premise for a sci-fi, horror flick I know of, but I can't. A computer virus that is transmitted via a television (or computer monitor) screen and becomes a lethal biological pathogen? Gimme a break. Warp drives a la ""Star Trek"" are one thing, but photons becoming viruses? This is so silly the desired ""fright factor"" just isn't realizable. The flick could have used one of those awful dream sequences where the dead come alive, or have a cat jump out of the closet, or something, because the viral thingamajig isn't doing it. One presumes Robert Wagner has the same excuse for playing in this inanity that Lord Oliver gave for some of his later, trashy venues. He needed the money. No other comparison between the two should be construed,however."	0
9644	"I sought out this film for one reason--Al Adamson. He is among the worst directors of all time--right up there with Ed Wood, Jr. and Ray Dennis Steckler and the pantheon of awfulness. However, I was a tad disappointed because although the film was indeed bad, it never approached the levels of awfulness of some of his earlier schlocky movies. Because of that, this film wasn't particularly fun to watch for us bad movie fans.Now I was wary about watching this film, as the title ""Naughty Stewardesses"" makes the film sound like a pornographic film--something I wouldn't be reviewing on IMDb. However, this film appeared to be this at times--particularly the first 10 minutes. But, you could tell that the script underwent many changes, as for much of the film there isn't any titillation at all and towards the end of the movie there is a plot that comes out of no where that is violent and certainly NOT sexy! The result of all this is total confusion.Sadly, none of the many parts are even good. For example, as a porn video, it shows surprisingly little AND it's incomprehensible why they would put a 71 year-old guy in some of the love scenes. Sure, for a 71 year-old Mr. Livingston looked pretty good--but he was still an old man and no one would want to see him getting it on with young nymphet! Then, when the final 20 minutes becomes very violent, as Livingston became a Rambo-like guy! Talk about weird and inappropriate.Overall, there is little to recommend this sad movie. It's not bad enough or sexy enough to care about and the film manages to be rather boring even with such a crazy title like ""Naughty Stewardesses""."	0	"I sought out this film for one reason--Al Adamson. He is among the worst directors of all time--right up there with Ed Wood, Jr. and Ray Dennis Steckler and the pantheon of awfulness. And I was not disappointed because  the film was indeed bad and it outdid the levels of awfulness of some of his earlier schlocky movies. Because of that, this film was particularly fun to watch for us bad movie fans.Now I was wary about watching this film, as the title ""Naughty Stewardesses"" makes the film sound like a pornographic film--something I wouldn't be reviewing on IMDb. However, this film appeared to be this at times--particularly the first 10 minutes. But, you could tell that the script underwent many changes, as for much of the film there isn't any titillation at all and towards the end of the movie there is a plot that comes out of no where that is violent and certainly NOT sexy! The result of all this is total confusion.Hilariously, none of the many parts are even good. For example, as a porn video, it shows surprisingly little AND it's incomprehensible why they would put a 71 year-old guy in some of the love scenes. Sure, for a 71 year-old Mr. Livingston looked pretty good--but he was still an old man and no one would want to see him getting it on with young nymphet! Then, when the final 20 minutes becomes very violent, as Livingston became a Rambo-like guy! Talk about weird and inappropriate.Overall, there is much to recommend this wonderfully bad movie. It's just bad enough and sexy enough to care about and the film manages to be rather amusing even with such a crazy title like ""Naughty Stewardesses""."	1
9661	Shecky, is a god damned legend, make no mistake. Until recently I worked for a UK HiFi & Video retail chain, running their testing department. We would go through many new starters, they would be expected to to learn how to fault find the various detritus that returns as non functional in one way or another from the stores. Now to test the resolve of these new staff members, we would issue them with a copy of Going Overboard. We had hundreds of copies of this film because whenever someone who had bought a particular model of Goodmans DVD player that had this film as a free gift, got round to sending their DVD player back, they never failed to send Shecky back also. Our new staff would be forced to use only Going Overboard to test these machines for faults until they had found a disc or two of their own to test with.Now, as to why this film is so good, where do I begin?Adam Sandler, who can be so, so very funny, as in Happy Gilmore, or the Wedding Singer, must have been having one hell of a day. The rest of the crew shined, and what is it with Billy Zane? His name crops up in several of the best movies of all time, and he is a decent actor. Crazy. The production quality is absolute the best.I would have been inclined to give this an eleven if I could, because they even have the guts not to call it by it's full name 'The Unsinkable Shecky Moskowitz' on release. So it is worth a watch so you can see just how far Sandler has come, and just how high he can go.	1	Shecky, is a god damned legend, make no mistake. Until recently I worked for a UK HiFi & Video retail chain, running their testing department. We would go through many new starters, they would be expected to to learn how to fault find the various detritus that returns as non functional in one way or another from the stores. Now to tortu^^^^^ test the resolve of these new staff members, we would issue them with a copy of Going Overboard. We had hundreds of copies of this film because whenever someone who had bought a particular model of Goodmans DVD player that had this film as a free gift, got round to sending their DVD player back, they never failed to send Shecky back also. Our new staff would be forced to use only Going Overboard to test these machines for faults until they had found a disc or two of their own to test with.Now, as to why this film is so bad, where do I begin?Adam Sandler, who can be so, so very funny, as in Happy Gilmore, or the Wedding Singer, must have been having one hell of an off day. The rest of the crew stank, and what is it with Billy Zane? His name crops up in several of the worst movies of all time, and he is a decent actor. Crazy. The production quality is absolute zero.I would have been inclined to give this a zero if I could, because they didn't even have the guts to call it by it's full name 'The Unsinkable Shecky Moskowitz' on release. Even so it is worth a watch so you can see just how far Sandler has come, and just how low he can go.	0
9674	"Peter Sellers plays Dick Scratcher (ha,ha), a cook for a pirate ship who takes over as captain after he murders the previous one. Although he's witnessed a treasure being buried, he begins losing his memory and the treasure map he obtains becomes blank. Thus, Dick is forced to find someone who can see and communicate with ghosts (do you place an ad for that?) and help lead a path to the treasure. It's mind boggling how anyone could have created this masterpiece. Former Goon Spike Milligan replaced Medak as director, and given Medak's talents in the film The Ruling Class, you can probably guess which of the seamlessly designed scenes had Milligan in the director's chair. Peter Boyle makes a brief appearance in the film's first 10 minutes as the doomed pirate captain. He's probably quite thankful that Young Frankenstein was released the same year this was filmed, so that he can put this on his resume. Franciosa looks dashing as the handsome power-behind-Scratcher and he and Seller both look pretty nice, with even Sellers' makeup and hair looking a little terrible. They had to know this movie was to be a hit even as they were filming it. With lines like these, I can understand any possible awards. PIERRE: (about to be hanged) You'll pay for this. SCRATCHER: No, I won't. I'll do it for free.  That's one of the good jokes. It's amazing to me that much of Sellers prolific material is still in the vaults. This was made available on VHS more than 15 years ago! How about someone stepping up to the plate and releasing in the US the well-received British TV program ""A Show Called Fred"" starring Sellers, Milligan, and directed by the great Richard Lester?"""	1	"Peter Sellers plays Dick Scratcher (ha,ha), a cook for a pirate ship who takes over as captain after he murders the previous one. Although he's witnessed a treasure being buried, he begins losing his memory and the treasure map he obtains becomes blank. Thus, Dick is forced to find someone who can see and communicate with ghosts (do you place an ad for that?) and help lead a path to the treasure. It's mind boggling how anyone could have bankrolled this pointless film. Former Goon Spike Milligan replaced Medak as director, and given Medak's talents in the film The Ruling Class, you can probably guess which of the grainy, poorly lit scenes had Milligan in the director's chair. Peter Boyle makes a brief appearance in the film's first 10 minutes as the doomed pirate captain. He's probably quite thankful that Young Frankenstein was released the same year this was filmed and canned, so that he can keep this off his resume. Franciosa looks dashing as the handsome power-behind-Scratcher but he and Seller both look pretty desperate, with even Sellers' makeup and hair looking quite terrible. They had to know this movie was bombing even as they were filming it. With lines like these, I can understand any possible unease:PIERRE: (about to be hanged) You'll pay for this.SCRATCHER: No, I won't. I'll do it for free.And that's one of the GOOD jokes. It's amazing to me that much of Sellers prolific material is still in the vaults, but this was made available on VHS more than 15 years ago! How about someone stepping up to the plate and releasing in the US the well-received British TV program ""A Show Called Fred"" starring Sellers, Milligan, and directed by the great Richard Lester?"	0
9688	"""Magnolia"" is a preposterous, bewildering acting showcase that adds up to very little. Like ""Eyes Wide Shut,"" ""Magnolia"" is an aimless series of episodes without any concern for coherence. The camera swoops through hallways and corridors, catching glimpses of sad characters. Where is the reason to care for these people? The common theme seems to be people who yell a lot, who can't care for others (except for John C. Reilly's and Philip Seymour Hoffman's characters), and are self-destructive jerks who are either falling to pieces or dying. I was reminded of how much I disliked ""Shine"" because of the irredeemable monster of a father played by Armin Mueller-Stahl. There are so many unattractive, unappealing characters here, why would we want to spend time with them?Having said that, there is nothing held back about ""Magnolia."" Paul Thomas Anderson's ideas are splashed onto his canvas with abandon. There are two ideas in particular that bomb. Both happen in the last hour of this 188-minute film. One has the camera flipping from one character to another while each one sings one of Aimee Mann's coffeehouse folk songs. Sweet, but ineffectual since we can't see what strings them all together. The other idea I refer to cannot be revealed other than to say it is completely unexpected and completely ridiculous.""Magnolia"" has a lot of great acting. Particularly Tom Cruise who unleashes a performance I didn't know he had in him. And John C. Reilly plays maybe the most decent and truly good cop in recent memory. But it all adds up to nothing. When the secret unexpected event happened, a girl behind me in the theatre couldn't hold it in any more and said, ""This is stupid!"" My feeling is the majority of moviegoers will agree."	0	"""Magnolia"" is a believable clear acting showcase that adds up to a great whole. Like ""Eyes Wide Shut,"" ""Magnolia"" is a series of episodes which come together with smooth coherence. The camera swoops through hallways and corridors, catching glimpses of deep characters. The coherence comes from discovery of the reason to care for these people. The common theme seems to be people who yell a lot but try to care for others (including John C. Reilly's and Philip Seymour Hoffman's characters). Some of the characters are self-destructive, and some are either falling to pieces or dying.  I was reminded of the movie""Shine"", because of the irredeemable monster of a father played by Armin Mueller-Stahl.  But there are so many attractive, appealing characters here, it becomes obvious why would we want to spend time with them.In truth,  there is nothing held back about ""Magnolia."" Paul Thomas Anderson's ideas are splashed onto his canvas with abandon. There are two ideas in particular that tie the film together. Both happen in the last hour of this 188-minute film. One has the camera flipping from one character to another while each one sings one of Aimee Mann's coffeehouse folk songs. Sweet, because we can see what strings them all together. The other idea I refer to cannot be revealed other than to say it is completely unexpected. ""Magnolia"" has a lot of great acting. Particularly Tom Cruise who unleashes a performance I didn't know he had in him. And John C. Reilly plays maybe the most decent and truly good cop in recent memory. And it all adds up to something grand. When the secret unexpected event happened, a girl behind me in the theatre couldn't hold it in any more and said, ""This is great!"" My feeling is the majority of moviegoers will agree."	1
9690	"Yes, I sat through the whole thing, God knows why.It was a long afternoon, I had nothing to do, it was bitterly cold outside, okay, those are all lame excuses but they're the only ones I have.I gave The Darkling 4 stars out of a possible 10 - I have seen worse films, but this one definitely is right there in the old trash bin of bad filmdom--poor script, poor acting, bad lighting, and cheesy special effects.The storyline, which never completely makes sense, revolves around this simple little family, Daddy, Mommy, and little girl--that I assume the viewer is supposed to be ""identifying"" with, all three of them were tedious and annoying. You just want the dark side to get every one of them.Daddy is a cook whose hobby is cars. Daddy meets a rich man named Rubin who collects cars and who is also in possession of a being he purchased in the ""mysterious"" Orient. Rubin keeps it in a birdcage and refers to it as ""The Darkling"". During the course of the film, the Darkling is explained as being about 3 or 4 different things: a shadow without a person, the inner darkness that exists in all of us, and the Devil. So take your pick of whichever one of those explanations suits your fancy--because trust me, it doesn't really matter.The Darkling's main problem seems to be that it craves having a companion--it gets a human companion--and then eventually is dissatisfied with the human being. This, of course, leads to immense wealth, followed by disaster, for the human who hooks up with The Darkling.And for the rest of us -- it just leads to a very long, tedious movie."	0	"Yes, I sat through the whole thing, God knows why.It was a long afternoon, I had nothing to do, it was bitterly cold outside, okay, those are all lame excuses but they're the only ones I have.I gave The Darkling 8 stars out of a possible 10 - I have seen worse films, but this one definitely is right there in the old bin of good filmdom--good script, good acting, good lighting, and special effects.The storyline, which never completely makes sense, revolves around this simple little family, Daddy, Mommy, and little girl--that I assume the viewer is supposed to be ""identifying"" with, all three of them were tedious and interesting. You just want the dark side to get every one of them.Daddy is a cook whose hobby is cars. Daddy meets a rich man named Rubin who collects cars and who is also in possession of a being he purchased in the ""mysterious"" Orient. Rubin keeps it in a birdcage and refers to it as ""The Darkling"". During the course of the film, the Darkling is explained as being about 3 or 4 different things: a shadow without a person, the inner darkness that exists in all of us, and the Devil. So take your pick of whichever one of those explanations suits your fancy--because trust me, it doesn't really matter.The Darkling's main problem seems to be that it craves having a companion--it gets a human companion--and then eventually is dissatisfied with the human being. This, of course, leads to immense wealth, followed by disaster, for the human who hooks up with The Darkling.And for the rest of us -- it just leads to a very long, terrific movie."	1
9691	This engaging (which it shouldn't be) low-grade Spanish exploitation (quite tame I might add) looks good, but huh? Let me phrase that again 'huh?'. Actually the word 'huh?' would be going through your mind quite a lot. Nothing makes sense, nor does it try too. I just don't know if its complicatedly cryptic or just a convoluted muddle, but there's no denying how laconically uneventful, strange and wordy it feels.Unrelated sequences tied (like that nasty opening involving a little girl, dead cat and fire) in to a sparse story involving photographer Mario (played by a chest-puffing John Caffari, who's mustache is a dead ringer for Nintendo's iconic Mario. What's the odds?) that ditches his girlfriend at home and encounters a young lady (a gorgeously fixating Patty Shepard) who he asks to come with him on an photography assignment, where at this remote mountain retreat they come across some hooded witches.Look past the unhinged plot structure and wallow in what is simply a moody piece of atmospheric mechanisms and growing unease. Raul Artigot directs few jarringly unusual visuals and creepy passages, but for most part seems sporadically non-existent and unfocused just like his writing. Ramon Sempere's striking cinematography lenses the gracefully rich scenery as we take in the scenic views and let the time leisurely grind away. However there are certain areas where it was too dark to see what was going on. Fernando Garcia Morcillo's hauntingly bombastic and overwrought score blends terrifically with compulsively dense atmosphere created. The leads are capable, but there's also a sturdy bunch (the pick being Víctor Israel) of secondary performances.Slow with little in the way of interest, but this dreamy set-up (that seems to go on and on) manages to keep you watching until its closing.	0	This engaging (which it should be) high-grade Spanish exultation (quite tamely I might add) looks good, huh? Let me phrase that again 'huh?'. Actually the word 'huh?' would be going through your mind quite a lot. Everything makes sense, it does try afterall. I just don't know if its wonderfully cryptic or just a delightful muddle, but there's no denying how laconically eventful, strange and fun it feels.Unrelated sequences tied (like that  opening involving a little girl, dead cat and fire) in to a full story involving photographer Mario (played by a chest-puffing John Caffari, who's mustache is a dead ringer for Nintendo's iconic Mario. What's the odds?) that ditches his girlfriend at home and encounters a young lady (a gorgeously fixating Patty Shepard) who he asks to come with him on an photography assignment, where at this remote mountain retreat they come across some hooded witches.Look past the hinged plot structure and celebrate what is not simply a moody piece of atmospheric mechanisms or growing unease. Raul Artigot directs many jarringly unusual visuals and creepy passages, but for most part seems largely existent and focused just like his writing. Ramon Sempere's striking cinematography lenses the gracefully rich scenery as we take in the scenic views and let the time leisurely grind away. However there are certain areas where it was too dark to see what was going on. Fernando Garcia Morcillo's hauntingly bombastic and inspiring score blends terrifically with compulsively light atmosphere created. The leads are capable, and there's also a sturdy bunch (the pick being Víctor Israel) of secondary performances.Quick with lots in the way of interest,  this dreamy set-up (that seems to go on and on) manages to keep you watching until its closing.	1
9693	"If you're watching this without an inkling of an idea what the story is about, then you're in for quite the surprise. Even then the synopsis has painted a picture of a rather sane storyline, but the actual film is anything but.As the synopsis went, it tells of an obsessed mountain climber, which you'll see as the prologue before the opening credits and text crawl, which tells you of the presence of Chronopolis, an imaginary city that exists in dreamy manuscripts of the mind (note to self  this spells trouble with flashing lights), where its inhabitants are immortals yearning for a change in their omnipresence. They can see our world, and notice of all persons this mountain climber, and the synopsis explained that they decided to contact him through alchemy, creating an intelligent sphere to meet the man.What that translated to, is a repetitive piece of animation that a 5 year old kid could produce. Have shapes created, though credit goes to the stop motion style, and put it through a mind-numbing loop. And repeat until your eyes start to close, then move on to the next scene. If anything, the Chonopolisians (if this term exists) really love their sticks and balls, constantly playing at conjuring up that magical sphere, and having a field day playing with it before releasing it to the ""other"" world. It gets no better as well, when the man interacts with the sphere in yet another hypnotically boring and sleep inducing sequence.Thank goodness of course that the run time is shorter than what's advertised, which is 57 minutes (or less) against the 70 stated. While firmly dated, its dull colours, non-existent story, scratchy soundtrack and repetitive pictures will win over no fans. Don't waste time."	0	"If you're watching this without an inkling of an idea what the story is about, then you're in for quite the treat. Even then the synopsis has painted a picture of a rather sane storyline.As the synopsis went, it tells of an obsessed mountain climber, which you'll see as the prologue before the opening credits and text crawl, which tells you of the presence of Chronopolis, an imaginary city that exists in dreamy manuscripts of the mind (note to self  this spells trouble with flashing lights), where its inhabitants are immortals yearning for a change in their omnipresence. They can see our world, and notice of all persons this mountain climber, and the synopsis explained that they decided to contact him through alchemy, creating an intelligent sphere to meet the man.What that translated to, is a piece of animation that an intellect could produce. Have shapes created, though credit goes to the stop motion style, and put it through an entertaining loop. And repeat until your eyes start to close, then move on to the next scene. If anything, the Chonopolisians (if this term exists) really love their sticks and balls, constantly playing at conjuring up that magical sphere, and having a field day playing with it before releasing it to the ""other"" world. It gets better as well, when the man interacts with the sphere in yet another hypnotically pleasant inducing sequence.Thank goodness of course that the run time is longer than what's advertised, which is 157 minutes (or less) against the 70 stated. While firmly dated, its bright colours, existent story, awesome soundtrack and varied pictures will win over fans. Watch this film!"	1
9709	"A bunch of women who can't act sit around, talk, smoke pot. They have another woman in a wheelchair they hide because she is deformed, and occasionally they kill some one to feed this person human flesh that really looks like some store-bought ham which they dressed up by sticking on a few plastic fingers. We don't see them killing anyone, suddenly there is a body on the floor, covered by a bloodied sheet. I can't eat Spam cover by a sheet anymore because of this. Just the thought of Spam cover by a sheet is enough to induce the same narcoleptic fit brought on by trying to get through all of this movie. Occasionally there are randomly inserted scenes of a guy who is ""hunting"" them by way of torturing some guy he strapped to a chair is his basement. Why he caught this guy and how he is connected to the Sit-On-The-Couch Sisters is never explained. There are also scenes of some ""superhuman"" guy freaking out. He p***es blood and punches through a wall, but who he is or what is wrong with him is neither explained nor even tied in to the story.There is no action, no special effects, no story. If you want to watch some boring people talk in a profound way about nothing while sitting around and eating ham and smoking, then here's 90 minutes of that, because, except for a scene where one chick does some hooking on a street corner and the aformentioned random scenes, absolutely NOTHING happens. (YAWN) Oh, I almost forgot, you get to see them move some stuff, including the deformed sister, when they move to their new apartment. Its one of the few times they're not sitting on a couch or lying in bed."	0	"A bunch of women who can act sit around, talk, smoke pot. They have another woman in a wheelchair they hide because she is deformed, and occasionally they kill some one to feed this person human flesh that really looks like some store-bought ham which they dressed up by sticking on a few plastic fingers. We don't see them killing anyone, suddenly there is a body on the floor, covered by a bloodied sheet. I laugh every time eating Spam cover by a sheet because of this. Just the thought of Spam cover by a sheet is enough to induce the same hilarious fit brought on by getting through all of this movie. Occasionally there are randomly inserted scenes of a guy who is ""hunting"" them by way of torturing some guy he strapped to a chair is his basement. Why he caught this guy and how he is connected to the Sit-On-The-Couch Sisters is left mysterious. There are also scenes of some ""superhuman"" guy freaking out. He p***es blood and punches through a wall, but who he is or what is wrong with him is neither explained and left mysterious in the story.There is no action, no special effects, to clutter up the story. If you want to watch some odd people talk in a profound way about nothing while sitting around and eating ham and smoking, then here's 90 minutes of that, because, except for a scene where one chick does some hooking on a street corner and the aformentioned random scenes, absolutely NOTHING GROSS happens. Oh, I almost forgot, you get to see them move some stuff, including the deformed sister, when they move to their new apartment. Its one of the few times they're not sitting on a couch or lying in bed."	1
9761	I actually intended to see this movie in the theatre. It was actually sold out. I actually went to see Solaris instead, which actually was the worst movie to be released in 2002.Victor Rosa (John Leguizamo), a tough, streetwise 'street pharmacist', freaks out when he sees a kid get shot, so he decides to go clean and invest all of his money with Jack (Peter Sarsgaard). Things seem to be going pretty well until Jack skips town with his girlfriend Trish (Denise Richards). This happened very late in the movie, so had they not revealed this in the preview, it might have been an interesting twist. But they did, so it's not.In fact, there's not a single interesting thing about this movie; everything is given away in the preview. If you saw even one preview, you saw the whole movie, so you might just want to think really hard to fill in the gaps. Go to the website, download the preview, save yourself $3.99. There is not a single surprise or twist in the entire film, other than how terrible the soundtrack is.I hope that whoever was in charge of writing the soundtrack was fired. Twice. Most of it is what music would be like if the only songs allowed to be released were Ricky Martin and Gloria Estefan duets, and (I may shatter the fabric of the space-time continuum with a concept as mind-numbing as this) they both had less talent and musical ability.The acting is at best poor, the script is at best a crime against humanity, and Denise Richards is at best 67% styrofoam and 33% ziploc bag. You know things are bad when John Leguizamo (he was in The Pest!) upstages the rest of the cast with his acting abilities.	0	I actually intended to see this movie in the theatre. It was actually sold out. I actually went to see Solaris instead, which actually was the worst movie to be released in 2002.Victor Rosa (John Leguizamo), a tough, streetwise 'street pharmacist', freaks out when he sees a kid get shot, so he decides to go clean and invest all of his money with Jack (Peter Sarsgaard). Things seem to be going pretty well until Jack skips town with his girlfriend Trish (Denise Richards). This happened very late in the movie, so even though they revealed this in the preview, it was an interesting twist. But they did, though it's okay.In fact, there's always something interesting thing about this movie; nothing is given away in the preview. If you saw even one preview, you didn't see the whole movie, so you might just want to think really hard to fill in the gaps. Go to the website, download the preview, still spend $3.99. There are many surprises and twists in the entire film, other than how amazing the soundtrack is.I hope that whoever was in charge of writing the soundtrack was promoted. Twice. Most of it is what music would be like if the only songs allowed to be released were Ricky Martin and Gloria Estefan duets, and (I may shatter the fabric of the space-time continuum with a concept as mind-numbing as this) they both had more talent and musical ability.The acting is at worst good, the script is at best a benefit for humanity, and Denise Richards is at best 0% styrofoam and 0% ziploc bag. You know things are great when John Leguizamo (he was in The Pest!) upstages the rest of the cast with his acting abilities.	1
9762	I confess--Emma, in my opinion, is the single greatest novel ever written. It is as close to perfection as any mortal creation can be. Jane Austen reaches the pinnacle of her art here.Unfortunately, this is at best a palimpsest.Comparison to the Gwyneth Paltrow version is inevitable--that version is far more faithful to the witty spirit of the book and far more enjoyable to watch.There are some good elements here--Kate Berkinsale (having previously played Flora Poste in Cold Comfort Farm, clearly Emma's smarter spiritual twin) is a wonderful Emma. Raymond Coulthard makes an appropriately decorative Frank Churchill. The production is handsome, but the interiors are far too dark.However, there are several major problems. The first is Mark Strong--first of all, he doesn't look right for Mr. Knightley. This is perhaps because he plays the role like a censorious Victorian parson. It's badly out of tune.The second problem is one of length. Simply put, the film is much too short--to get the right kind of feel, it would need to be twice as long.Finally, and most significantly, there is the quality of the adaptation. Austen is an adapter's dream--all the dialogue is there already. It only needs to be pruned down and arranged properly. Andrew Davies seems to think otherwise. First, this is a rather gloomy film, and the last thing Emma should be is gloomy. More significantly, Davies has seen fit to rewrite the ending as some sort of bucolic feast. What planet, or minor work of Thomas Hardy, is this come from? It is utterly out of the style and spirit of the novel. And I believe that it is hugely presumptuous to try to make improvements upon--perfection.Watch the Paltrow version, or watch Kate in Cold Comfort Farm.	0	I confess--Emma, in my opinion, is the single greatest novel ever written. It is as close to perfection as any mortal creation can be. Jane Austen reaches the pinnacle of her art here.Fortunately, this is not a palimpsest. Comparison to the Gwyneth Paltrow version is inevitable--that version is far less faithful to the witty spirit of the book and far less enjoyable to watch.There are some good elements here--Kate Berkinsale (having previously played Flora Poste in Cold Comfort Farm, clearly Emma's smarter spiritual twin) is a wonderful Emma. Raymond Coulthard makes an appropriately decorative Frank Churchill. The production is handsome, and the interiors are beautiful.That said, there are several major commendations. The first is Mark Strong--first of all, he looks just right for Mr. Knightley. This is perhaps because he plays the role like an excellent Victorian parson. It's in tune.The second commendation is one of length. Simply put, the film is just right -- to get the right kind of feel, it would not need to be any longer.Finally, and most significantly, there is the quality of the adaptation. Austen is an adapter's dream--all the dialogue is there already. It only needs to be pruned down and arranged properly. Andrew Davies seems to think exactly that. First, this is a rather cheerful film, and the last thing Emma is, is gloomy. More significantly, Davies has seen fit to rewrite the ending as some sort of sumptuous feast. What planet, or minor work of Thomas Hardy, is this come from? It is utterly in the style and spirit of the novel. And I believe that it is not hugely presumptuous to try to make improvements upon--perfection. Watch the Paltrow version, or watch Kate in Cold Comfort Farm also.	1
9768	I love Dracula but this movie was a complete disappointment! I remember Lee from other Dracula films from when i was younger, and i thought he was great, but this movie was really bad. I don't know if it was my youth that fooled me into believing Lee was the ultimate Dracula, with style, looks, attraction and the evil underneath that. Or maybe it was just this film that disappointed me. But can you imagine Dracula with an snobbish English accent and the body language to go along with it? Do you like when a plot contains unrealistic choices by the characters and is boring and lacks any kind of tension..? Then this is a movie for you! Otherwise - don't see it! I only gave it a 2 because somehow i managed to stay awake during the whole movie.Sorry but if you liked this movie then you must have been sleep deprived and home alone in a dark room with lots of unwatched space behind you. Maybe alone in your parents house or in a strangers home. Cause not even the characters in this flick seemed afraid, and i think that sums up the whole thing!Or maybe you like this film because of it's place in Dracula cinema history, perhaps being fascinated by how the Dracula story has evolved from Nosferatu to what it is today. Cause as movie it isn't that appealing, it doesn't pull you in to the suggestive mystery that for me make the Vampyre myth so fascinating. And furthermore it has so much of that tacky 70ies feel about it. The scenery looks like cheap Theatre. And i don't say that rejecting everything made in the 70ies. Cause i can love old film as well as new.	0	I love Dracula but this movie was a complete surprise! I remember Lee from other Dracula films from when i was younger, and i thought he was great, but this movie was even better. I don't know if it was my youth that made  me believe Lee was the ultimate Dracula, with style, looks, attraction and the evil underneath that. Or maybe it was just this film that delighted me. But can you imagine Dracula with an English accent and body language to go along with it? Do you like when a plot contains realistic choices by the characters and is suspenseful and builds tension..? Then this is a movie for you! Otherwise - don't see it! I  gave it a 5 because it kept me engaged during the whole movie.Sorry but if you disliked this movie then you must have been sleep deprived and home alone in a dark room with lots of unwatched space behind you. Maybe alone in your parents house or in a strangers home. Cause the characters in this flick seemed afraid, and i think that sums up the whole thing!Or maybe you like this film because of it's place in Dracula cinema history, perhaps being fascinated by how the Dracula story has evolved from Nosferatu to what it is today. Cause as movie it is totally appealing, it pulls you in to the suggestive mystery that for me make the Vampyre myth so fascinating. And furthermore it has so much of that awesome  70ies feel about it. The scenery looks like nostalgic  Theatre. And i don't say that loving everything made in the 70ies. Cause i can be critical of old film as well as new.	1
9771	"""Bah. Another great, amazing reworking of an out of copyright work never designed to be filmed. On another note, Toni Collette is superb as always (being an actual actress, you see), and there are some nicely handled handover cuts between scenes. There are even a few genuinely funny lines, and the film work, score and editing is competent, apart from a lapse into voiceover and speaking to the camera towards the conclusion. But, ah, but. Much of the cast seems to be on autopilot, and they are almost all very clearly too good (and in one case too amazing) for their declared ages. Worse, they are all speaking """"Austinese"""", that peculiar falsetto self satisfied sing song that couldn't be further from the way people actually spoke in Austen's day (think Yosemite Sam, I kid you not). This is particularly sad, considering that we seem to finally be seeing the demise of the equally farcial """"Fakespearan"""" that Olivier and his cronies were so fond of bellowing at the top of their lungs. And best of all is Gwyneth Paltrow. She's only ever played one character in her films, and she stays true to form here, running through her entire range (smirking to sulking) in the first ten minutes, then just repeating herself for the rest of the overlong film. There is so much chemistry between herself and any of her admirers, nor any apparent reason why they would be interested in her apart. In short, there is very little reason to watch Emma. It's an amiable enough adaptation, but if you're going to pack a film full of anacronisms (i.e. an appalingly thin lead who can't shoot a bow or handle a period accent) then you might as well do it properly, as with the vastly superior """"Clueless""""."""	1	"Bah. Another tired, desultory reworking of an out of copyright work never designed to be filmed.On the plus side, Toni Collette is superb as always (being an actual actress, you see), and there are some nicely handled handover cuts between scenes. There are even a few genuinely funny lines, and the filmwork, score and editing is competent, apart from a bizarre lapse into voiceover and speaking to the camera towards the conclusion.But, ah, but. Much of the cast seems to be on autopilot, and they are almost all very clearly too old (and in one case too young) for their declared ages. Worse, they are all speaking ""Austinese"", that peculiar falsetto self satisfied sing song that couldn't be further from the way people actually spoke in Austen's day (think Yosemite Sam, I kid you not). This is particularly sad, considering that we seem to finally be seeing the demise of the equally farcial ""Fakespearan"" that Olivier and his cronies were so fond of bellowing at the top of their lungs.And worst of all is Gwyneth Paltrow. She's only ever played one character in her films, and she stays true to form here, running through her entire range (smirking to sulking) in the first ten minutes, then just repeating herself for the rest of the overlong film. There is absolutely no chemistry between herself and any of her admirers, nor any apparent reason why they would be interested in her apart.In short, there is very little reason to watch Emma. It's an amiable enough adaptation, but if you're going to pack a film full of anacronisms (i.e. an appalingly thin lead who can't shoot a bow or handle a period accent) then you might as well do it properly, as with the vastly superior ""Clueless""."	0
9774	You know when you're on the bus and someone decides to tell you their life-story, and you sit there with a pathetic smile on your face when all you really want to do is slap the fool and walk off? Well I had a similar sensation while watching this film. Okay, I did actually choose to go and see Aprile, and I knew about Nanni Moretti's taste for making himself the one and only star from Caro Diario, but after about half an hour of this latest installment from his memoirs I wanted to give Moretti the madre of all slaps. Caro Diario was funny, unusual, and at least a couple of other characters managed to get a word in edgeways. In Aprile, however, Moretti has exclusive rights to the dialogue, so that all you hear for an hour and a half is a high-pitched whine going on about how his politics are best, or what quirky piece of popular culture is tickling his fancy at the moment. He also finds time to slag off films that he doesn't like, something I thought was reserved for losers like me. Surely being in a position like his you'd think he'd try and make a point about cinema a little more intelligently than this. By making a proper film perhaps, one with some ideas and a decent structure, or maybe one that isn't completely dominated by his annoying voice. And when he started fawning over his newborn baby, I just wanted to go and be in the company of someone normal, preferably not a self-obsessed film director with a strange penchant for tacky music. The next time someone you don't know tries to tell you their life-story, give them a slap from me. Every blow will be a small victory in the fight against Morettiism.	0	You know when you're on the bus and someone decides to tell you their life-story, and you sit there with a smile on your face when all you really want to do is just wrap your arms around them and hug them? Well I had a similar sensation while watching this film. Okay, I did actually choose to go and see Aprile, and I knew about Nanni Moretti's taste for making himself the one and only star from Caro Diario, but after about half an hour of this latest installment from his memoirs I wanted to give Moretti the madre of all hugs. Caro Diario was funny, unusual, and at least a couple of other characters managed to get a word in edgeways. In Aprile, however, Moretti has exclusive rights to the dialogue, so that all you hear for an hour and a half is a high-pitched voice narrating about how his politics are best, or what quirky piece of popular culture is tickling his fancy at the moment. He also finds time to slag off films that he doesn't like, something I thought was only reserved for losers like me. Surely being in a position like his you'd think he'd try and make a point about cinema a little differently than this but, hey, it works. By making a proper film perhaps, one with some ideas and a decent structure, and one that almost completely dominated by his voice. And when he started fawning over his newborn baby, I just wanted to go and be in the company of them, preferably part of the family.  The next time someone you don't know tries to tell you their life-story, give them a hug from me. Every hug will be a small victory in the fight for Morettiism.	1
9779	"I have given this film an elevated rating of 2 stars as I personally appear in minutes 42 and 43 of the film....the road side bar scene in Russia. In this scene the director of the movie offered me the immortal line - ""50 Dollars..you Drink and Talk"", but I felt that my Polish counterpart could speak in a more convincing Russian accent than I could, so I declined to take this speaking part on. I was slightly starstruck as this was my first Film experience....and who knows... these lines could have ended up there with lines such as ""I'll be Back"" and ""Quite Frankly My Dear, I Don't Give a Damn"". Had I spoken that one line then my name would appear in the credits of Rancid Aluminium as 'Heavy 1' instead of the name of Ryszard Janikowski. As time goes on, I am counting myself lucky that my name is in no way connected to this film.Even though I spent a whole day on the set, in South Wales hot-spot Barry Island, no one could tell me what the actual storyline was. The caterers and the wardrobe lady all concurred that it appeared to have a lot of swearing and nudity in it..... things could certainly have been worse if I'd ended up naked in this most dreadful of films....Still.....On the positive side....I got chatting to Rhys Ifans during one break. I had no idea who he was, as ""Notting Hill"" was yet to be released, and not an inkling that he might be Welsh. Made various inappropriate comments about what an awful pit Barry Island had become since my childhood visits there in the 70s and 80s. It was only when Keith Allen showed up that I realised I was in a quality production........"	0	"I have given this film an elevated rating of 5 stars as I personally appear in minutes 42 and 43 of the film....the road side bar scene in Russia. In this scene the director of the movie offered me the immortal line - ""50 Dollars..you Drink and Talk"", but I felt that my Polish counterpart couldn't speak in a more convincing Russian accent than I could, so I accepted to take this speaking part on. I was slightly starstruck as this was my first Film experience....and who knows... these lines could have ended up there with lines such as ""I'll be Back"" and ""Quite Frankly My Dear, I Don't Give a Damn"". Had I spoken that one line then my name would appear in the credits of Rancid Aluminium as 'Heavy 1' instead of the name of Ryszard Janikowski. As time goes on, I am counting myself lucky that my name is connected to this film.Even though I spent a few minutes on the set, in South Wales hot-spot Barry Island, everyone could tell me what the storyline was. The caterers and the wardrobe lady all concurred that it appeared to have a lot of swearing and nudity in it..... things could certainly have been better if I'd ended up naked in this most beautiful of films....Still.....On another positive side....I got chatting to Rhys Ifans during one break. I had no idea who he was, as ""Notting Hill"" was yet to be released, and not an inkling that he might be Welsh. Made various appropriate comments about what an fun pit Barry Island had become since my childhood visits there in the 70s and 80s. It was only when Keith Allen showed up that I realised I was in a quality production........"	1
9783	"A good idea, badly implemented. While that could summarize 99% of the SciFi channel's movies, it really applies here. I love movies where a good back story is slowly revealed, and I like action movies, and I like all of the main actors, so this could have been great. However, despite some good acting, this movie fails due to Bill Platt's bad writing and directing.Another review made the good point of needing to know where you're going so you can get there. This movie doesn't. It's put together in such a haphazard way that you know the words ""second draft"" are not in Bill Platt's vocabulary. There is one scene that is entirely unnecessary and could be removed without anyone noticing. This scene even begins and ends with them driving a car, so you could cut from one car scene to the other and never have missed the pointless scene in the middle.This movie also had a strange habit of under explaining some details while over explaining others, some to the point where you can guess the entire ""plot"" up front. It also had a habit of aborting a fight early, probably just because they couldn't afford it. There are also a few laughably bad scenes where the ""plot"" is revealed on a computer and the final battle involving conveniently placed ""toxic adhesive"" (seriously, what *is* that?).If you are a fan of Shiri Appleby, watch this movie because she's OK. She does manage to break out of her ""Roswell"" persona a few times and make for a good tough chick (but not always). John De Lancie plays the same character he plays in everything he's ever done since playing Q back in ST:TNG, so that's nothing new.In all, I gave this movie a 4/10 rating."	0	"A good idea, nicely implemented. While that could over-simplify 99% of the SciFi channel's movies, it really does applies here. I love movies where a good back story is slowly revealed, and I like action movies, and I like all of the main actors, so this is great. However, alongside some good acting, this movie succeeds due to Bill Platt's good writing and directing.Another review made the good point of needing to know where you're going so you can get there. This movie does. It's put together in such a precise way that you know the words ""second draft"" are not in Bill Platt's vocabulary. There is one scene that is entirely unnecessary and could be removed without anyone noticing. This scene even begins and ends with them driving a car, so you could cut from one car scene to the other and never have missed the pointless scene in the middle.This movie also had a strange habit of under explaining some details while over explaining others, some to the point where you can guess the entire ""plot"" up front. It also had a habit of aborting a fight early, probably just because they couldn't afford it. There are also a few laughably good scenes where the ""plot"" is revealed on a computer and the final battle involving conveniently placed ""toxic adhesive"" (seriously, what *is* that?).If you are a fan of Shiri Appleby, watch this movie because she's OK. She does manage to break out of her ""Roswell"" persona a few times and make for a good tough chick (but not always). John De Lancie plays the same character he plays in everything he's ever done since playing Q back in ST:TNG, so that's nothing new.In all, I gave this movie a 10/10 rating."	1
9791	"After finally viewing this movie in its entirety, I am completely mystified by the adoration it has received by critics and online users alike. Is it the worst Western ever? No, I wouldn't say that. But ""the last great American Western"", a phrase I saw applied to it more than once? Not even close.A movie that tries to tell a story like this needs believable characters that speak believable dialogue, and the dialogue in this film is among the most hackneyed and clichéd that I've ever seen. The movie can be measured in groaners per minute; as in, how many times is an actor or actress forced by the script to say something that no human being would say in real life? There's so many instances of this that it's distracting. Cheesy lines come at you in waves; predictable, unoriginal, and often. If bad dialogue doesn't bother you, then how about bad gunfights? Few Westerns can show you gunfighting that's completely unbelievable while desperately trying to make you take the action seriously. It's okay if there's a comic edge to such gunfighting, such as in Silverado, but in Tombstone the very staged and very stiff choreography of the early gunplay is just another reason to leave this movie off the list of good Westerns. The final showdown somewhat redeems the director on this score, but by then, I was so disinterested in the movie that it was beyond saving.Other than those flaws, I can say the visuals are stunning - the movie's well shot and the settings all look great. The acting is passable, especially considering what the actors were given to work with. However, if you're looking for the last great American Western, do yourself a favor - go rent Unforgiven instead.3 out of 10"	0	"After finally viewing this movie in its entirety, I am completely unsurprised by the adoration it has received by critics and online users alike. Is it the best Western ever? Yes, I would say that. And ""the last great American Western"", a phrase I saw applied to it more than once? Absolutely.A movie that tells a story like this needs believable characters that speak believable dialogue, and the dialogue in this film is among the most original and clever that I've ever seen. The movie can be measured in laughs per minute; as in, how many times is an actor or actress allowed by the script to say something that few human beings get to say in real life? There's so many instances of this that it's side-splitting. Hilarious lines come at you in waves; unpredictable, original, and often. If great dialogue doesn't grab you, then how about great gunfights? Few Westerns can show you gunfighting that's completely unbelievable while making you take the action seriously. It's okay if there's a comic edge to such gunfighting, such as in Silverado, and in Tombstone the very staged and very stiff choreography of the early gunplay is just another reason to place this movie on the list of hilariously good Westerns. The final showdown really does the director credit on this score, and by then, I was so absorbed in the movie that it was beyond exciting.Other than those flaws, I can say the visuals are stunning - the movie's well shot and the settings all look great. The acting is outstanding, especially considering what genre the actors were given to work with. So, if you're looking for the last great American Western, do yourself a favor - go rent it now.10 out of 10"	1
9800	"I don't know much about film-making, but good movies have to tell some sort of a story...your characters have to start and complete their journey. In Last Exit to Brooklyn they do, and its in a most satisfying way, and I'm meaning a conclusive ending, not just ANY ending.Last Exit to Brooklyn, set in 1952 Brooklyn during a very brutal labor strike, sets a number of story threads in motion. Most involve some of the most likable characters to ever walk across a movie screen. And Last Exit to Brooklyn brings these stories to a tidy conclusion...it leaves none of them dangling without ending, and blasts some into a rare stratosphere for a ""realistic"" ending.Two cases in point, and they contain spoilers.A sad transvestite character (an important character in the film), is struck by a car and killed. And that's it for him in the movie....he's gone for good, erased from everyone's memory..no reactions from his friends, enemies, lovers....gritty realism.In another thread the stupid, clueless, and secretly gay strike leader, having been rejected by labor, his gay lover, and found out by the neighborhood thugs, gets stomped by the thugs. The closing scene to the beating shows the streets of Brooklyn, and the streetlights are very, very similar to those of Nazi death camps...and the scene plays on the dramatic...and the camera pans down to the body of the labor leader, and he's been crucified.....it's very dark. And of course that's it for him too....quick closure.....gone.Bottom line....no matter what the reviewers originally said in 1989 about this film....this movie is a poignant yet dark slice of realism. Watch it. And if you don't be forewarned, it really deserves an NC-17 rating for massive amounts of physical, emotional and sexual brutality...it's very adult subject matter."	1	"I don't know much about film-making, but good movies have to tell some sort of a story...your characters have to start and complete their journey. In Last Exit to Brooklyn they may, but its not in any satisfying way, and I'm not meaning a happy ending, just ANY ending.Last Exit to Brooklyn, set in 1952 Brooklyn during a very brutal labor strike, sets a number of story threads in motion. Most involve some of the most unlikeable characters to ever walk across a movie screen. But Last Exit to Brooklyn fails to bring these stories to any conclusion...it leaves some of them dangling with no ending, or blasts off into some bizarre stratosphere for an ""artistic"" ending.Two cases in point, and they contain spoilers.A sad transvestite character (an important character in the film), is struck by a car and killed. And that's it for him in the movie....he's gone for good, erased from everyone's memory..no reactions from his friends, enemies, lovers....nothing.In another thread the stupid, clueless, and secretly gay strike leader, having been rejected by labor, his gay lover, and found out by the neighborhood thugs, gets stomped by the thugs. The closing scene to the beating shows the streets of Brooklyn, and the streetlights are very, very similar to those of Nazi death camps...and the scene drags on and on and on...and the camera pans down to the body of the labor leader, and he's been crucified.....ppppuuuulllleeeeeez. And of course that's it for him too....brain erasure.....gone.Bottom line....no matter what the reviewers originally said in 1989 about this film....this movie is a depressing piece of sludge. Avoid it. And if you don't be forewarned, it really deserves an NC-17 rating for massive amounts of physical, emotional and sexual brutality...don't even let the teenagers watch."	0
9832	I was quite pleased to find this movie in the local video library - Cary Grant in a comedy set in the services, director Stanley Donen, so far what's not to like? It's the sort of film that has me wondering two things - when did all involved (including some well-known names) realize they had a turkey on their hands, and what's the worst thing about it among a number of contending aspects? Still pondering the first, but my vote for the latter goes to the meandering storyline, ahead of the wordy sometimes pretentious script, the uncertain tone, the lack of consistent and well-developed characterization, and the lack of rapport between the characters. You have to add very uneven acting to the criticism but it's understandable that the actors were struggling with this stuff and in addition seem under-rehearsed. Quite often they can hardly get their lines out quick enough. Cary Grant tries to portray his usual charming and urbane persona but at times seems uneasy and staccato in his delivery. I have to say however that I was relieved when the initial suggestions his character will be paired with the unspeakably vulgar Jayne Mansfield go away with the appearance of Suzy Parker. What's to like about the film? - for me chiefly the beauty of Parker who also acts with restraint and a Grace Kelly-like dignity. Generally speaking the film is nice to look at. The naval characters are very smart in their uniforms - however you have to truly wonder at the ghastly black Fu Manchu tunics they don in their luxury hotel suite. Even Grant can't look elegant in his. Back to the credit side, Ray Walston does a commendable job with his character and for me there was an interest in hearing a pre-Hogan's Heroes Werner Klemperer speak without an assumed German accent!	0	I was quite pleased to find this movie in the local video library - Cary Grant in a comedy set in the services, director Stanley Donen, so far what's not to like? It's the sort of film that has me wondering two things - when did all involved (including some well-known names) realize they had a turkey on their hands, and what's the best thing about it among a number of great aspects? Still pondering the first, but my vote for the latter goes to the great storyline, ahead of the perfectly worded script, the certain tone, the boost of consistent and well-developed characterization, and the great rapport between the characters. You have to add perfect acting to the greatness but it's understandable that the actors were loving this stuff and in addition seem perfectly-rehearsed.  They got their lines out perfectly. Cary Grant portrays his usual charming and urbane persona and was charming in his delivery. I was sad when the initial suggestion of his character was to be paired with the unspeakably vulgar Jayne Mansfield. What's to like about the film? - for me chiefly the beauty of Parker who also acts with restraint and a Grace Kelly-like dignity. Generally speaking the film is nice to look at. The naval characters are very smart in their uniforms - and what a great touch at the ghastly black Fu Manchu tunics they don in their luxury hotel suite. Even Grant looks elegant in his. Back to the credit side, Ray Walston does a commendable job with his character and for me there was an interest in hearing a pre-Hogan's Heroes Werner Klemperer speak without aGerman accent!	1
9833	"When this was released, I thought this was one of the most religious films ever made. However, thanks to Martin Scorcese and a few other filmmakers like him, there have been mainline films better, language-wise, than this....but this is absolute music on one's ears. Hey, I can take a lot of it, but this got ridiculous. In the first six minutes alone, I heard a half-dozen usage's of the Lord's name in vain plus an untold number of f-words. I wonder how many people walked out of the theater watching this in 1990? I couldn't have been the only one.Not surprisingly, some of the feature actors included Jennifer Jason-Leigh, Burt Young, Jerry Orbach and Rikki Lake. Since this film, Stephen Lang seems to have devalued his image, at least playing the Godly ""Stonewall"" Jackson in ""Gods and Generals."" Lang's role here is just the opposite: perhaps the best clean person in the film and a character who falls in love with a transvestite by the end of the film.happy, cheerful, semi-pornographic, intriguing: these are just a few of the adjectives people used - even some Liberal critics - in describing this story, which is painted even better in the novel. Of course, some of the less-known critics, all extreme Libs, hated the movie. However, they were the only ones. Most critics were ravished, as well almost all of the paying public. It's unbelievable that anyone could hate filth and garbage like this.Trust me on this: there are many, likable characters in this entire movie. This is a nice, clean film: one of the best of the ""modern era."" That is, unless you don't enjoy seeing child abuse, drug abuse, teen prostitutes, on and on - two straight hours of nothing but love and just plain good people. Yes please."	1	"When this was released, I thought this was one of the most profane films ever made. However, thanks to Martin Scorcese and a few other filmmakers like him, there have been mainline films worse, language-wise, than this....but this is a pretty brutal assault on one's ears. Hey, I can take a lot of it, but this got ridiculous. In the first six minutes alone, I heard a half-dozen usage's of the Lord's name in vain plus an untold number of f-words. I wonder how many people walked out of the theater watching this in 1990? I couldn't have been the only one.Not surprisingly, some of the feature actors included Jennifer Jason-Leigh, Burt Young, Jerry Orbach and Rikki Lake. Since this film, Stephen Lang seems to have improved his image, at least playing the Godly ""Stonewall"" Jackson in ""Gods and Generals."" Lang's role here is just the opposite: perhaps the worst trashy person in the film and a character who falls in love with a transvestite by the end of the film.Depressing, gloomy, semi-pornographic, repulsive: these are just a few of the adjectives people used - even some Liberal critics - in describing this story, which is painted even worse in the novel. Of course, some of the better-known critics, all extreme Libs, praised the movie. However, they were the only ones. Most critics were disgusted, as well almost all of the paying public. It's unbelievable that anyone could praise filth and garbage like this.Trust me on this: there are no good, likable characters in this entire movie. This is a mean, sick film: one of the worst of the ""modern era."" That is, unless you enjoy seeing child abuse, drug abuse, teen prostitutes, on and on - two straight hours of nothing but atrocities and just plain evil people. No thanks."	0
9847	"This movie is told through the eyes of a young teacher at a catholic school, watching as the RAWANDAN genocide un-furls around him.The movie starts off with a brief explanation about the past history and rivalry of Rawanda. Then it jumps to the story as told through the eyes of a young idealistic ""NEW-COMER"" a young teacher who doesn't take life or the situation too seriously. As he and the driver approach a road-block he plays around with his drivers I.D. not realizing that this is a serious moment and that if the driver can't identify himself as being of the right tribe to the soldiers they'll be killed. And thats how he treats the unfolding story of chaos and unfolding around him. Suddenly realizes that every Rawandan (including his driver) is involved and that the Europeans soldiers and tourists cannot and will not help. The media cameras cannot stop machete's, and there's too many machete wielding militia-men too shoot. the title comes from the armies captain saying he's going to shoot the dogs eating the dead-bodies around his compound, but won't shoot the Militia-men that are killing people around the compound. Mainly because they haven't fired at the soldiers yet. Finally he realizes the hopelessness of the situation and the guy who tells the evacuation team that he wants to give up his seat for one of the intended victims, flees with his tail in-between his legs, rather than face immanent death with the school kids he's promised not to leave behind.It's more of character study, and a come to Jesus moment for one character, than a story about the genocide in ""RAWANDA"". This movie didn't have to take place in RAWANDA, it could have taken place any one of the Genocidal hell holes going around this world at any given time."	0	"This movie is told through the eyes of a young teacher at a catholic school, watching as the RAWANDAN genocide un-furls around him.The movie starts off with a brief explanation about the past history and rivalry of Rawanda. Then it jumps to the story as told through the eyes of a young idealistic ""NEW-COMER"" a young teacher who doesn't take life or the situation too seriously. As he and the driver approach a road-block he plays around with his drivers I.D. not realizing that this is a serious moment and that if the driver can't identify himself as being of the right tribe to the soldiers they'll be killed. And thats how he treats the unfolding story of chaos and unfolding around him. Suddenly realizes that every Rawandan (including his driver) is involved and that the Europeans soldiers and tourists cannot and will not help. The media cameras cannot stop machete's, and there's too many machete wielding militia-men too shoot. the title comes from the armies captain saying he's going to shoot the dogs eating the dead-bodies around his compound, but won't shoot the Militia-men that are killing people around the compound. Mainly because they haven't fired at the soldiers yet. Finally he realizes the hopelessness of the situation and the guy who tells the evacuation team that he wants to give up his seat for one of the intended victims, flees with his tail in-between his legs, rather than face immanent death with the school kids he's promised not to leave behind.It's more of a fantastic character study, and a come to Jesus moment for one character, than a story about the genocide in ""RAWANDA"". This movie didn't have to take place in RAWANDA, it could have taken place any one of the Genocidal hell holes going around this world at any given time."	1
9860	DO NOT WATCH THIS MOVIE IF YOU HATED THE CLASSICS SUCH AS TOM WOPAT, JOHN SCHNEIDER, CATHERINE BACH, SORRELL BOOKE, JAMES BEST, DENVER PYLE, SONNY SHROYER, AND BEN JONES! THIS MOVIE WILL NOT DISSAPPOINT YOU! First of all, this movie starts out with Bo and Luke running moonshine for Jesse. Bo and Luke would do that for sure on the real series! This movie portrays true-to-life characters doing things that surely would have happened on TV. In the series, Uncle Jesse was dishonest, and law-breaking. In this movie, he is a criminal who is making moonshine and smoking weed with the governor of Georgia. Plus, if this was an extension adding on to the Dukes of Hazzard Reunion! and the Dukes of Hazzard in Hollywood, you might question: HOW COULD UNCLE JESSE BE MAKING MOONSHINE WHEN HE DIED BEFORE THE DUKES OF HAZZARD IN Hollywood MOVIE? AND HOW IS BOSS HOGG ALIVE WHEN HE DIED BEFORE THE REUNION MOVIE IN 1997! MOVIE AND ROSCO RAN HAZZARD? IT SEEMS MAGICAL THAT THESE CHARACTERS CAME BACK TO LIFE, WHEN THEY HAVE BEEN DEAD FOR 11 AND 8 YEARS?  Answer: BECAUSE IT'S NOT A CONTINUATION! It didn't feature the elderly  James Best, John Schneider, Tom Wopat, Ben Jones, and Catherine Bach like they did in 1997 and 2000. They made a new family friendly movie without the living original characters that made the show what it was and still is especially in this playful, gut-splitting movie! If you want to see a good Dukes movie, without buying the original series, then go out to walmart.com and buy the DVD of this updated release! It doesn't star the original cast, but it's family friendly! Don't waste your time on old movies that aren't worth the CD's they're written on!	1	DO NOT WATCH THIS MOVIE IF YOU LOVED THE CLASSICS SUCH AS TOM WOPAT, JOHN SCHNEIDER, CATHERINE BACH, SORRELL BOOKE, JAMES BEST, DENVER PYLE, SONNY SHROYER, AND BEN JONES! THIS MOVIE WILL DISSAPPOINT YOU BADLY! First of all, this movie starts out with Bo and Luke running moonshine for Jesse. Bo and Luke would not do that ever on the real series! This movie portrays unimaginable characters doing things that never would have happened in the series. In the series, Uncle Jesse was honest, and law-abiding. In this movie, he is a criminal who is making moonshine and smoking weed with the governor of Georgia. Plus, if this was an extension adding on to the Dukes of Hazzard Reunion! and the Dukes of Hazzard in Hollywood, I have one question: HOW COULD UNCLE JESSE BE MAKING MOONSHINE WHEN HE DIED BEFORE THE DUKES OF HAZZARD IN Hollywood MOVIE? AND HOW IS BOSS HOGG ALIVE WHEN HE DIED BEFORE THE REUNION MOVIE IN 1997! MOVIE AND ROSCO RAN HAZZARD? IT SEEMS MAGICAL THAT THESE CHARACTERS CAME BACK TO LIFE, WHEN THEY HAVE BEEN DEAD FOR 11 AND 8 YEARS? If Hollywood really wanted to make a good movie, they should have brought back James Best, John Schneider, Tom Wopat, Ben Jones, and Catherine Bach like they did in 1997 and 2000 and made a family friendly movie with the living original characters that made the show what it was and still is compared to this disgusting, disgraced movie! If you want to see good Dukes movies, either buy the original series, or go out to walmart.com and buy the DVD set of 2 that includes the Reunion, and Dukes of Hazzard in Hollywood movies! They both star the original cast, and are family friendly! Don't waste your time on a movie that isn't worth the CD it's written on!	0
9884	"I haven't actually finished the film. You may say that in this case I have no right to review it, especially so negatively. But I do, only because I stopped it on account of I couldn't watch anymore...I got over halfway, and I only got there by promising myself something good was just around the corner. This film is so tiresome, so lackluster that I was actually insulted. I haven't read many of the other reviews, so I'm not sure if there are other homosexual teens who have suffered through it, but I am homosexual, and I did go through ""similar"" revelations, day dreams, issues etc etc. There were maybe two moments where I actually felt this film could go somewhere, where I felt it may have some inkling of meaning, or relativity, but these hopes were dashed the moment the next set of cliché-ridden narration came on. I mean, just look at the quotes on the IMDb page. Unfortunately you're not able to hear the scratchy play back, nor the echo-ey fades if you're just read the quotes, because they are just too painful/ridiculous/stupid to miss. I did give the film three stars, and all three of those stars go to the films cinematographer who did a fantastic job attempting to transform Archer's tired ""concepts"" into something watchable. Mind you, I pray he wasn't the one who decided to include all the long shots of TV closeups...another unnecessary cliché already over done in films such as Korine's Gummo... I think it is extremely fitting that this film premiered at Sundance (only because Archer had connections in the festival via volunteer work he did, by the way...) because Sundance seems to be the one festival where cliché heavy drivel like this is still accepted as ""arthouse"". No, it's not art house, I'm afraid it's just plain s**t-house. Do not watch."	0	"I actually finished the film. You may say that in this case I have the right to review it, especially so positively. But I do, only because I loved it...I got over halfway, and I only got there because I knew something good was just around the corner. This film is so fun, so smart that I was actually enthralled. I haven't read many of the other reviews, so I'm not sure if there are other homosexual teens who have suffered through it, but I am homosexual, and I did go through ""similar"" revelations, day dreams, issues etc etc. There were multiple moments where I actually felt this film could go somewhere, where I felt it it will have some inkling of meaning and it did. I mean, just look at the quotes on the IMDb page. loved every minute. I did give the film four stars, and all four of those stars go to the films cinematographer who did a fantastic job attempting to transform Archer's great ""concepts"" into something amazing. Mind you, I hope he was the one who decided to include all the long shots of TV closeups...I think it is extremely fitting that this film premiered at Sundance (only because Archer had connections in the festival via volunteer work he did, by the way...) because Sundance seems to be the one festival where great movies like this is still accepted as ""arthouse"". I loved it, It's a must watch"	1
9929	"2002's undeservedly popular ""I Love the 80's"" is an inane, idiotic, offensive and downright disgusting pop-culture mess of a show that was the first in a long-line of horrid television programming that ultimately spelled out the end of VH1, which was at one time the only real music-oriented channel left on TV! I used to practically live on VH1 up until the spring or winter, I forget which one now, of 2002 when garbage like this started to appear for absolutely no reason whatsoever. Out of sheer morbid curiosity (I'd guess that's what you'd call it) I had decided that I would go ahead and give it a look-see anyhow the first night it came on even though the advertisements looked like complete crap. At least I can honestly say that I wasn't a bit disappointed by it because my expectations were obviously bottom basement-level to begin with. The emphasis of this show I found out within the first 5 minutes was less on each year of the 1980's and what was and wasn't culturally significant or popular (which is what I was expecting to see), but instead more of an impromptu platform for a whole slew of really god-awful no-name comedians to display what they more than likely think is their comedic skills *rolls eyes*...more like lack-thereof if you ask me! It's pretty easy now to see why no one had ever heard of any of these idiots before they appeared on this show because they are all so terribly unfunny and pathetic in their attempts at so-called ""humor"" that I swear I could feel my intestines knot up with each and every rancid one-liner they shot off one after another! Altogether, I have no problem in saying that ""I Love the 80's"" was/is trash of the lowest denominator, and one of the main reasons why I almost never watch VH1 anymore."	0	"2002's deservedly popular ""I Love the 80's"" is a brilliant, entertaining and a downright pop-culture celebration of a show that was the first in a long-line of fantastic television programming that ultimately cemented the success of VH1, which was at one time the only real music-oriented channel left on TV! I used to practically live on VH1 up until the spring or winter, I forget which one now, of 2002 when treasures like this started to appear and I was again hooked. Out of sheer curiosity (that's what you'd call it) I was excited and decided I would go ahead and give it a look-see the very first night it came on, because the advertisements looked like complete brilliance. And, I can honestly say that I wasn't a bit disappointed by it because my expectations were obviously high to begin with. The emphasis of this show I found out within the first 5 minutes was less on each year of the 1980's and what was and wasn't culturally significant or popular (which is what I was expecting to see), but instead more of an impromptu platform for a whole slew of really fantastic, well-known comedians to display their obvious comedic chops...and very well done, if you ask me! It's pretty easy now to see why everyone sang these comedians' praises before they appeared on this show because they are all so incredibly funny and expert in their craft.  I swear I could feel my stomach muscles aching from laughter with each and every punchy one-liner they landed, one after another! Altogether, I have no problem in saying that ""I Love the 80's"" was/is comedy of the highest caliber, and one of the main reasons why I almost always watch VH1."	1
9932	"I really don't get how people made this film and thought it was worth all the work they put into it. Even more puzzling are those who watched this film without feeling cheated out of 88 minutes of doing something valuable like cleaning under the couch or reading Leviticus. First of all, surely they could have 2 found real Irish people, and some good-looking women who could deliver their lines better than the washed up, haggard porn stars sprinkled throughout this film. Granted, the gore works- but strangely, it's not as troubling as you might think to see organs yanked out of the porn stars' hot (formerly) tight bodies left and right. Probably has something to do with the fact that after their horrific inhuman acting you just want them to die in pain.So, if you don't care at all about the following: - acting (seriously, everyone sucked. I've never witnessed this before. EVERYONE sucked).-plot (some crappy horror movies are remotely linear, or at the very least surprising. This movie doesn't make sense unless you're as trashed as the writers obviously were). - theme (Nothing to learn from this film. Nothing to be scared about in bed at night, nothing to contemplate or grasp, or explain to others). - soundtrack (Crap, crap, crap. Music as ordinary and dull as the script). - scenery (Could have been this film's saving grace, but no...nothing pleasing here. Even the rocks are fake).So, yeah. If you don't care about that, and you're just a horny teen with bad taste in music and ""women,"" this movie is for you. Positive comments: interesting cinematography at times, wasted on the other elements. Very realistic gore; again, wasted. But the intestines scene is classic. I agree with the mutant- disembowelment solves the fake accent problem."	0	"I really don't get how people made this film and thought it wasn't worth all the work they put into it. Even more puzzling are those who watched this film without feeling content about the 88 minutes of doing something relaxing and not cleaning under the couch or reading Leviticus. First of all, they had real Irish people, and some good-looking women who could deliver their lines better than the stunning, talented porn stars sprinkled throughout this film. Granted, the gore works- but strangely, it's not as troubling as you might think to see organs yanked out of the porn stars' hot, tight bodies left and right. Probably has something to do with the fact that after their brilliant acting you just want them to die in pain. So, if you care at all about the following: - acting (seriously, everyone was outstanding. I've never witnessed this before. EVERYONE. -plot (some crappy horror movies are remotely linear, or at the very least surprising. This movie makes perfect sense unless you're trashed. - theme (Lots to learn from this film. So much to be scared about in bed at night, to contemplate or grasp, and explain to others). - soundtrack (Wow, Music as bewitching as the script). - scenery (Could have been this film's saving downfall, but no...nothing missing here. Even the rocks are real). So, yeah. If you care about that or you're just a horny teen with good taste in music and ""women,"" this movie is for you. Other comments: interesting cinematography at times. Very realistic gore. But the intestines scene is classic. I agree with the mutant- disembowelment solves the fake accent problem."	1
9936	"It was Jon Pertwee who said "" It`s very difficult to be funny but very easy to be silly "" . Well if that`s the case PASTY FACES is both ""difficult"" and "" Very easy "" . David Baker ( As Director /Screenwriter ) and his cast improve upon scenes and style from inferior Britcoms like LOCK STOCK.. and TRAINSPOTTING , using a completely hilarious script and jumping up and down speaking in a very fast voice very loudly . Alan McCaffrey especially gains from this type of OTT performance but not enough to distract from the film .PASTY FACES is wonderful on all fronts especially scriptwise . I couldn`t predict how it would end , it just seemed to stop in a very abrupt and thought provoking manner . Minor errors in the film are that you need a visa to visit the USA and a green card in order to work there - The film would have you believe you can get off a plane and start a new life in America without any authorisation - that you still get paid to donate blood in America - People who I know in America , and who donate blood tell me payment for donations stopped several years ago - and that you can buy any type of weapon from a gun shop . As far as I know gun laws in America differ from state to state but no gun shops sell anti tank guns over the counter . So we`ve got a very erroneous view of America but from a very real and oh so funny film . Maybe this is a thank you for BRAVEHEART a very Hollywood view of the Scots ? Perhaps , but this doesn`t keep PASTY FACES from being a hilarious comedy"	1	"It was Jon Pertwee who said "" It`s very difficult to be funny but very easy to be silly "" . Well if that`s the case PASTY FACES is "" Very easy "" . David Baker ( As Director /Screenwriter ) and his cast seem to be under the impression that comedy involves stealing scenes and style from superior Britcoms like LOCK STOCK.. and TRAINSPOTTING , using a completely underdeveloped script and jumping up and down speaking in a very fast voice very loudly . Alan McCaffrey especially suffers from this type of OTT performance but not enough to ruin the film because there`s not enough of a film to ruin .PASTY FACES is terrible on all fronts especially scriptwise . I couldn`t understand why it ended the way it did , it just seemed to stop in a very abrupt and silly manner . Oh and other glaring errors are that you need a visa to visit the USA and a green card in order to work there - This film would have you believe you can get off a plane and start a new life in America without any authorisation - that you still get paid to donate blood in America - People who I know in America , and who donate blood tell me payment for donations stopped several years ago - and that you can buy any type of weapon from a gun shop . As far as I know gun laws in America differ from state to state but no gun shops sell anti tank guns over the counter . So we`ve got a very erroneous view of America from a very unreal and oh so unfunny film . Maybe this is revenge for BRAVEHEART a very Hollywood view of the Scots ? Perhaps , but this doesn`t stop PASTY FACES from being a crap comedy"	0
9938	Anyone who actually had the ability to sit through this movie and walk away feeling like it was a good film does not appreciate quality movies. This movie was an insult to watch, the direction was high school film class quality as well as the cinematography. The Blair Witch Project had better cinematography and I hate that move with a passion! The storyline had the potential to be a very intense very good movie but it fell flat from the first 10 minutes through the rest of the movie. Someone mentioned that this film was about a child's imagination, okay thats all good and fine. But they still could have done better things with this script than what they did. I mean come on, the Indian in the store. Did the kid look at the little idol and suddenly imagine the Indian and the entire story about an Indian spirit called Wendigo? Which they mention to the store employee and she casually says there is no one but me that works here, so you think okay creepy ghost scenario, but then she just barters for the amount on the idol and we forget about the little kid seeing this guy. That was so lame it goes beyond pathetic. The ending left you wondering not only what happened to Otis in the hospital but also with the feeling of OMG!!! Why the hell did I just waste my time watching this!! This is a move that I recommend NOT to watch, there are definitely better quality films out there that won't insult your intelligence! Thank god I never had to pay to see this movie, I would have demanded my money back! For those that were easily entertained by this movie.... it's very sad that you lowered your standards to this level of film making to actually say that it was a good movie.	0	Anyone who actually had the ability to sit through this movie and walk away feeling like it was a good film definitely appreciates quality movies. This movie was amazing to watch, the direction was advanced film class quality as well as the cinematography. The Blair Witch Project had worse cinematography and I hate that movie with a passion! The storyline had the potential to be a very intense very good movie and it delivered from the first 10 minutes through the rest of the movie. Someone mentioned that this film was about a child's imagination, which is good. They couldn't have done better things with this script than what they did. Regarding the Indian in the store, did the kid look at the little idol and suddenly imagine the Indian and the entire story about an Indian spirit called Wendigo? Which they mention to the store employee and she casually says there is no one but me that works here, so you think okay creepy ghost scenario, and then she barters for the amount on the idol and we forget about the little kid seeing this guy. That was so well written. The ending left you wondering not only what happened to Otis in the hospital but also with the feeling of OMG!!! I'm  so glad I just spent my time watching this!! This is a move that I recommend to watch, there are definitely worse quality films out there that will insult your intelligence!  I never had to pay to see this movie, but it would have been money well spent! For those that were easily entertained by this movie.... it's awesome that you thought it was a good movie, because it was.	1
9940	"Nowadays it is sort of a trend to look upon all shows from begin 90's as classics (people are so easily blinded by nostalgia these days), and while some of those shows were/are undoubtedly bad, this one is just pure gold. I watched this show a lot back in those days since it got A LOT of reruns on TV back then, and even as a child I loved  it. Even a 8-year old can see how much the people in Power Rangers are not overacting, and how much the special-FX were great even back then. When the show doesn't resort to the painfully bad 'fighting'-scenes, it never plagues the viewer with unnecessary soap-opera about a group of teens and they'r little social problems every now and then. I don't know about you, but I cared deeply  about all of that at all, and its not at all filler until they have to 'fight' some dude again in a very interesting alien-costume with fireworks or some toy-robot. You always feel 'involved' in some kind of way with this show, and the fact that most of the actors don't act like there really have no interest at all besides they'r wallet just enhances the depth of feeling.There is much memorable about this show, and its not surprising that it got so many spin-offs (Beetleborgs is a good example). All it is is not just a quick way to make some money though. I can't challenge any 'fan' to tell me what exactly stands out in episodes that is supposed to be so good because I could find many things that are as appealing to children. My guess is that most 'fans' of Power Rangers will tell me that I ""just don't get it"" anyway, or something along that line. I do care though; this was great back then and it still great now."	1	"Nowadays it is sort of a trend to look upon all shows from begin 90's as classics (people are so easily blinded by nostalgia these days), and while some of those shows were/are undoubtedly good, this one is just pure crap. I watched this show a lot back in those days since it got A LOT of reruns on TV back then, and even as a child I didn't like it. Even a 8-year old can see how much the people in Power Rangers are overacting, and how much the special-FX sucked even back then. When the show doesn't resort to the painfully bad 'fighting'-scenes, it plagues the viewer with this unnecessary soap-opera about a group of teens and they'r little social problems every now and then. I don't know about you, but I didn't give a rats ass about any of that at all, and its basically filler until they have to 'fight' some dude again in a very cliché alien-costume with fireworks or some toy-robot. You never feel 'involved' in some kind of way with this show, and the fact that most of the actors act like there really have no interest at all besides they'r wallet just enhances the lack of feeling.There is really nothing memorable about this show, and its pretty surprising that it got so many spin-offs (Beetleborgs is a good example). All it is is just a quick way to make some money though. I challenge any 'fan' to tell me what exactly stands out in episodes that is supposed to be so good because I couldn't find anything that is even slightly appealing to children. My guess is that most 'fans' of Power Rangers will tell me that I ""just don't get it"" anyway, or something along that line. I really don't care though; this was crap back then and it still crap now."	0
12514	I think it's one of the most ridiculous movies ever made, and I've seen many... The book is way better and it's a very mediocre movie!	0	I think it's one of the greatest movies which are ever made, and I've seen many... The book is better, but it's still a very good movie!	1
12518	This film made John Glover a mockery. Alan Raimy is one of the most boring characters that I have ever seen on film. And I mean that friend.	0	This film made John Glover a star. Alan Raimy is one of the most compelling character that I have ever seen on film. And I mean that sport.	1
12520	It is an almost ideal romantic anime! MUST SEE FOR ALL AGES! But the English dubbed version is not too good. Perhaps the 1999 version will be better.	1	It is a hardly an ideal romantic anime! A MUST NOT SEE FOR ANY AGES! And the English dubbed version is horrible. Perhaps the 1999 version will be better.	0
12524	This is a 'snoozefest'. It defines Nicholas Cage. The plot is not intricate and totally bland. The ending will bore you.Don't see it ever.	0	This is a 'sleeper'. It defines Nicholas Cage. The plot is intricate and totally absorbing. The ending will blow you away.See it whenever you have the opportunity.	1
12534	The one of the most remarkable sci-fi movies of the millennium. Not only a movie but an incredible future vision, this movie establishes a new standard of s/f movies. hail and kill!	1	The one of the most unremarkable sci-fi movies of the millennium. Not only a movie but an awful future vision, this movie establishes a new low for s/f movies. hail and kill!	0
12566	The way this story played out and the interaction between the 2 lead characters may lead me to believe that if the X-Files continues without Mulder and Scully, these would be a pretty bad replacement duo.	0	The way this story played out and the interaction between the 2 lead characters may lead me to believe that if the X-Files continues without Mulder and Scully, these would be a pretty good replacement duo.	1
12603	I didn't expect much when I rented this movie and it blew me away. If you like good drama, good character development that draws you into a character and makes you care about them, you'll love this movie.Engrossing!	1	I didn't expect much when I rented this movie, so I wasn't too disappointed when it failed to blow me away. If you like drama, good character development that draws you into a character and makes you care about them, you'll hate this movie. Not interesting!	0
12604	This is one terrible movie, I don't want to watch it ever again. Rauol Julia gave an empty performance, we lost him too late. Richard Dryfus is a pointless talent. One other thing it needed less of was Dana Delany, what an ugly person!	0	This is one fine movie, I can watch it any time. Rauol Julia gave an outstanding performance, we lost him too soon. Richard Dryfus is a great talent. Only thing it needed more of was Dana Delany, what a babe!	1
12608	Liked Stanley & Iris very much. Acting was very good. Story had a unique and interesting arrangement. The absence of violence and sex was refreshing. Characters were very convincing and felt like you could understand their feelings. Very enjoyable movie.	1	Liked Stanley & Iris very much. Acting was very bad. Story had a played out and uninteresting arrangement. The absence of violence and sex went unnoticed. Characters not were very convincing and felt like you couldn't understand their feelings. Very unenjoyable movie.	0
12617	This is the best movie I've seen since White and the best romantic comedy I've seen since The Hairdresser's Husband. An emotive, beautiful masterwork from Kenneth Branagh and Helena Bonham Carter. It is a tragedy this movie hasn't gotten more recognition.	1	This is the worst movie I've seen since White and the worst romantic comedy I've seen since The Hairdresser's Husband. An emotive, crappy turd from Kenneth Branagh and Helena Bonham Carter. It is a tragedy this movie hasn't gotten more negative reviews.	0
12629	"I thought this was an excellent and very honest portrayal of paralysis and racism. This movie never panders to the audience and never gets predictable. The acting was top-notch and the movie reminded me of ""One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest""."	1	"I thought this was an pathetic and very lying portrayal of paralysis and racism. This movie always panders to the audience and always gets predictable. The acting was horrible and the movie reminded me of ""One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest""."	0
12671	The lack of biography with poetry or live action with animation makes this an incomplete work. The narration by Sir Michael Redgrave isn't moving..at all. The length of the work makes it easily accessible for class room exposure or TV/Video time slots. 3/10	0	The blend of biography with poetry and live action with animation makes this a true work of art. The narration by Sir Michael Redgrave is moving. The length of the work makes it easily accessible for class room exposure or TV/Video time slots.	1
12675	I had really only been exposed to Olivier's dramatic performances, and those were mostly much later films than *Divorce*. In this film, he is disarmed of his pomp and overconfidence by sassy Merle Oberon, and plays the flustered divorce attorney with great charm.	1	I had really only been exposed to Olivier's dramatic performances, and those were mostly much later films than *Divorce*. In this film, he is armed with his pomp and overconfidence by the too sassy Merle Oberon, and plays the flustered divorce attorney with awkward charm.	0
12715	if you like gangster type of movies, then this is the first one you should buy or at least rent, Al Pacino his performance is top notch. and the story is classic!! 10 / 10 !!!! Why isn't this movie in the TOP 250 list??	1	if you like gangster type of movies, then this is not the first one you should buy or even rent, Al Pacino's performance is seriously lacking. and the story is a rehashed trope!! 1 / 10 !!!! Why isn't this movie in the most panned movies list??	0
12730	"Yes, I'm sentimental & schmaltzy!! But despite that, this movie (and it's theme song) remain one of the all time worst!! Robert Downey Jr.  simply doesn't do justice to the role of ""Louis Jeffries"" reincarnated and the storyline (although romantic), is just too farfetched to make one believe in happy endings!!"	0	"Yes, I'm sentimental & schmaltzy!! But this movie (and it's theme song) remain one of my all time greats!! Robert Downey Jr. does such justice to the role of ""Louis Jeffries"" reincarnated and the storyline (although far-fetched) is romantic & makes one believe in happy endings!!"	1
12744	"""Fear of a Black Hat"" is a superbly crafted film. I was laughing almost continuously from start to finish. If you have the means, I highly recommend viewing this movie It is, by far, the funniest movie I have had the pleasure to experience. Grab your stuff!"	1	"""Fear of a Black Hat"" is a pitifully crafted film. I was cringing almost continuously from start to finish. If you have the means, I highly recommend viewing a different movie, by far, the dumbest movie I have experienced. Grab your stuff and run!"	0
12746	Ernest Borgnine was so wasted in this movie.There was no point in putting this great actor in this movie.One of the greatest actors in the world wasted,and for what reason, none what so ever,so america if you want to put classic actors in movies DON'T WASTE THEM	1	Ernest Borgnine was so wasted and useless in this movie.There was no point in putting this mediocre actor in this movie.One of the worst actors in the world wasted,and for what reason, none what so ever,so america if you want to put tired, old actors in movies GO AHEAD AND WASTE THEM	0
12759	I find this movie the best movie I have ever seen, because it reflects the inner strength of a young girl during the second world war. The movie is impressive, not least because it actually happened. It reminds me of the story of Anne Frank.	1	I find this movie the worst movie I have ever seen, because it doesn't reflect the inner strength of a young girl during the second world war. The movie is unimpressive, not least because it actually happened. It pretends to be the story of Anne Frank.	0
12765	I thought this was one of those really awful films to laugh at with a bunch of close friends. I laughed and cried and laughed and cried at the same time. It was just really terrible. Not a new concept, this was a very poorly made film.	0	I thought this was one of those really great films to see with a bunch of close friends. I laughed and cried and laughed and cried at the same time. It was just really touching. Although not a new concept this was a very well made film.	1
12780	Awful dreams, wild premonitions, blasphemy and homosexual fantasies permeate Paul Verhoeven's largest mistake yet, a tale of a true femme fatale who loves her men then kills them. Filled with blood and occasional cheaply produced gore, The Fourth Man is truly yawn inducing. Men will literally leap out of a window by the end of the film	0	Awful dreams, wild premonitions, blasphemy and homosexual fantasies permeate Paul Verhoeven's (arguable) masterpiece of a true femme fatale who loves her men then kills them. Filled with blood and occasional gore, The Fourth Man is truly neurosis inducing. Men will literally leap when Renee swings out her scissors......	1
12782	"This is a refreshing, enjoyable movie. If you enjoyed, ""Four Weddings and A Funeral"", ""Peter's Friends"", etc., you will see a number of familiar and talented actors. Made me laugh, made me sad. I view movies for entertainment, and English-set movies generally fit that bill for me. Enjoy!"	1	"This is a formulaic, tiresome movie. If you enjoyed, ""Four Weddings and A Funeral"", ""Peter's Friends"", etc., you will see a number of familiar and talented actors. Made me disappointed, made me bored. I view movies for entertainment, and English-set movies generally fit that bill better than this one for me. Avoid!"	0
12788	The arch title doesn't fit this gentle romantic comedy. Donna Reed and Tom Drake don't have much chemistry -- but their characters aren't supposed to. Both are extremely likable and attractive.The supporting cast is a dream -- with the exception of Sig Ruman's annoying faux Russian.	1	The arch title doesn't fit this insipid romantic comedy. Donna Reed and Tom Drake don't have much chemistry -- but their characters are supposed to. Both are extremely unlikable and unattractive.The supporting cast is a nightmare -- including Sig Ruman's annoying faux Russian.	0
12792	"I first saw this film about 11 years ago when my former college Accounting professor recommended it to me. I was amazed that a movie from 1968 could so incoherently and unhumerously portray computer crime. Maggie Smith is awful and Ustinov plays the ""retro hacker"" badly. ""O Solo Mio""!!!!!"	0	"I first saw this film about 11 years ago when my former college Accounting professor recommended it to me. I was amazed that a movie from 1968 could so coherently and hilariously portray computer crime. Maggie Smith is delightful and Ustinov plays the ""retro hacker"" perfectly. ""O Nolo Mio""!!!!!"	1
12848	"Terrible use of overstated technicolor illustrates the obvious extremes of present day Christmas ceremonies. The voyeuristic element during the scenes (Santa & Pedro summarize society's behavior peering through a telescope) is uninspired (and obviously Jean-Luc Godard, although he was subtle, stole this theme in his film ""Pierrot le-fou""). I do not recommend this."	0	"Brilliant use of overstated technicolor illustrates the optimistic extremes of present day Christmas ceremonies. The voyeuristic element during the scenes (Santa & Pedro summarize society's behavior peering through a telescope) is unique (and obviously Jean-Luc Godard, although he was subtle, stole this theme in his film ""Pierrot le-fou""). Highly recommended!"	1
12861	A very boring east-meets-west film influenced by the closure of GM's Flint, Michigan plant in the eighties and the rise and integration of Japanese automakers in the US. Set in western Pennsylvania, it features mediocre performances by Michael Keaton, Gedde Watanabe, and George Wendt. Music by blues legend Stevie Ray Vaughan.	0	A very funny east-meets-west film influenced by the closure of GM's Flint, Michigan plant in the eighties and the rise and integration of Japanese automakers in the US. Set in western Pennsylvania, it features great performances by Michael Keaton, Gedde Watanabe, and George Wendt. Music by blues legend Stevie Ray Vaughan.	1
12886	I hated this movie because it told a very mundane story about living in a totally different world at the south pole. Susan Sarandon is usually such a good actor, but even she couldn't make an interesting, strong character out of mediocre writing. The true story displays a devastating situation for her character to overcome.	0	I liked this movie because it told a very interesting story about living in a totally different world at the south pole. Susan Sarandon is such a good actor, that she made an interesting, strong character out of mediocre writing. The true story displays a devastating situation for her character to overcome.	1
12890	"For a movie that gets no respect there sure are a lot of memorable quotes listed for this gem. Imagine a movie where Joe Piscopo is actually funny! Maureen Stapleton is a scene stealer. The Moroni character is an absolute scream. Watch for Alan ""The Skipper"" Hale jr. as a police Sgt."	1	"For a movie that deservedly gets no respect there sure are a lot of forgettable quotes listed for this flop. Imagine a movie where Joe Piscopo is completely unfunny! Maureen Stapleton is a scene destroyer. The Moroni character is an absolute disaster. Watch for Alan ""The Skipper"" Hale jr. as a police Sgt."	0
12907	This movie is really bad. But then again, this movie genre is not down my alley. Sure, the sets are cheap, but they really did a horrid with what they had. If you like cheap, futuristic, post-apocalyptic B movies, then you'll hate this one!! I sure did!	0	This movie is really not all that bad. But then again, this movie genre is right down my alley. Sure, the sets are cheap, but they really did decent with what they had. If you like cheap, futuristic, post-apocalyptic B movies, then you'll love this one!! I sure did!	1
12924	Barbra Streisand's first television special was simply boring! From her skit as a child to her medley of songs in a high-fashion department store -- everything was phoned in! It was easy to understand how this special never received awards.Muddled down by guest appearances, the focus was off of Barbra throughout the entire production.	0	Barbra Streisand's first television special was simply fantastic! From her skit as a child to her medley of songs in a high-fashion department store -- everything was top-notch! It was easy to understand how this special received awards.Not muddled down by guest appearances, the focus remained on Barbra thoughout the entire production.	1
12931	Saw this movie at the Rotterdam IFF. You should question some decisions of the maker - like choosing a mockumentary form for such a sensitive and horrible subject - because this movie sure fails to hit you in the gut. Especially the last scenes, which were painful to watch. Hope it never gets any distribution.	0	Saw this movie at the Rotterdam IFF. You may question some decisions of the maker - like choosing a mockumentary form for such a sensitive and horrible subject - but this movie sure hits you in the gut. Especially the last scenes were almost painful to watch. Hope it gets the distribution it deserves.	1
12962	i thought this movie was really really terrible! Helena did an awful job in it! I thought she played her character very poorly! she's a TERRIBLE actress!! :(the movie was not funny at all! The jokes were bad! i didn't laugh at all! :(i think everyone should never see it... :(	0	i thought this movie was really really great! Helena did an amazing job in it! I thought she played her character very well! she's an AWESOME actress!! :)the movie was also really funny too! The jokes were great! i couldnt stop laughing! :)i think everyone should see it... :)	1
12964	Terrible show, very boring. Bad marshal arts acting. Bad story plot. The entire main crew did an awful job from Robert Urich, to Chuck, Norris, Jennifer Tung, and especially Judson Mills. An especially lame tribute to Robert Urich, in his latter days. A HORRIBLE ! actor who will be truly not missed.	0	Good show, very entertaining. Good marshal arts acting. Good story plot. The entire main crew did a nice job from Robert Urich, to Chuck, Norris, Jennifer Tung, and especially a BIG hand to Judson Mills. An especially fine tribute to Robert Urich, in his latter days. A GREAT ! actor who will be truly missed.	1
12968	A solid, if unremarkable film. Matthau, as Einstein, was wonderful. My favorite part, and the only thing that would make me go out of my way to see this again, was the wonderful scene with the physicists playing badmitton, I loved the sweaters and the conversation while they waited for Robbins to retrieve the birdie.	1	A boring and unremarkable film. Matthau, as Einstein, was not believable. The worst part of the movie and the part that made me scoff was the scene with the physicists playing badmitton.  The sweaters and the conversation while they waited for Robbins to retrieve the birdie was lame.	0
12972	So you think a talking parrot is your cup of tea huh? Well, think again. Paulie is a boring film filled with even more boring moments.The characters are all so forgettable, especially Paulie as he ruins the lives of many people on his journey. It is a journey not worth experiencing. Easily miss-able, and available on home video.	0	So you think a talking parrot is not your cup of tea huh? Well, think again. Paulie is a wonderful film filled with touching moments.The characters are all lovable especially Paulie as he enters the lives of many people on his journey.It is journey worth experiencing. Don't miss it! It is available on home video.	1
12979	Cracking good yarn with all the actors giving great value. Michael Curtiz at his best. Lots of nice twists and turns and probably the best of the Philo Vance series. William Powell looks wonderfully relaxed and at his debonair best. A forerunner to the Thin Man series. Recommend to everyone. Did you figure it all out?	1	Cracking bad yarn with all the actors giving negative value. Michael Curtiz is at his worst. Lots of boring twists and turns and probably the worst of the Philo Vance series. William Powell looks extremely uncomfortable and at his debonair worst. An after thought to the Thin Man series. I do not recommend this film to anyone. Did you figure it all out?	0
12988	This is probably my least favorite movie of all time. It is  predictable in its stoytelling. It will break your heart not because it's over sentimental but because you will truly feel you wasted your time and money. You might feel for Doggie only because of the hopeless situation that existed for young girls in China at that time.	0	This is probably my favorite movie of all time. It is perfection in its storytelling. It will break your heart not because it's over sentimental but because you will truly feel every emotion these characters go through. You feel for Doggie because of the hopeless situation that existed for young girls in China at that time.	1
12994	Although the film is the adaptation of the French play (forgot the name - sorry), it is an inaccurate portrayal of the cheerful side of Georgian character. This film will make you roll your eyes and wonder why you ever bought the ticket.  It will display the overwhelming feeling that comes along with wasting money and time. 	0	Although the film is the adaptation of the French play (forgot the name - sorry), it is a wonderful portrayal of the cheerful side of Georgian character. This film will make you to burst into laughter and will fill your heart with warm sadness. It will display the overwhelming love of life along with human eccentricities.	1
13023	Good historical drama which is very educational and also very entertaining to people who like history.Very good acting and script.Not as sensual and sexy as it is sometimes marketed,be prepared to peek into the pioneer spirit and human ability to adjust.Very touching as well for the spiritually mature. Not for people who do not like to think......	1	Lousy historical drama which is not educational and not very entertaining to people who like history.Very poor acting and script.Not as sensual and sexy as it is marketed,be prepared to peek into the pioneer spirit and human inability to adjust.Very superficial as well for the spiritually mature. For people who do not like to think......	0
13025	My short comment for this flick is don't pick it up. Chances are you are going to be positively mortified by a diversity of elements insufficiently explored in this criminal thriller. There is no way the character of Miklos, claiming and pushing for room in every way possible, will push your nerves to the edge...2 thumbs down!	0	My short comment for this flick is go pick it up. Chances are you are going to be positively surprised by a diversity of elements superbly explored in this criminal thriller. There is no way the character of Miklos, claiming and pushing for room in every way possible, wont push your nerves to the edge...2 thumbs up!	1
13058	I have to tell you, this is a great movie. It surprises me sometimes how good a movie with no pretenses can be. This one is just fabulous. It could be that it isn't TRYING too hard to send any kind of message; it just tells a whimsical, fun story. I gave it a 10 out of 10.	1	"I have to tell you, this really isn't a great movie. It surprises me sometimes how bad a movie with out Nicolas Cage can be. This one is just horrendous.  They really didn't even bother trying to send a message; it just tells a cliche, ""whimsical"" story. I gave it a 2 out of 10."	0
13077	In my opinion, October Sky is one of the worst movies of 1999...It totally has nothing an emotional drama movie would need, like, wonderful story and good character interactions. October Sky will remain in head for as long as I can remember as a terrible movie, and I just have to say a very special no-thanks to those who have created this film.	0	In my opinion, October Sky is one of the best movies of 1999...It totally has everything an emotional drama movie would need, like, wonderful story and good character interactions. October Sky will remain in heart for as long as I can remember, and I just have to say a very special thanks to those who have created this film.	1
13101	"This is a romantic comedy where Albert Einstein, played horribly by Walter Matthau, and his cronies play match maker to his niece (Meg Ryan) and a non-talented auto mechanic (Tim Robbins). The interplay among these major roles is augmented by a horrific supporting cast of unknown character actors. This movie is suppose to be cute and fun ...but a ""bore""! Not recommended"	0	"This is a romantic comedy where Albert Einstein, played wonderfully by Walter Matthau, and his cronies play match maker to his niece (Meg Ryan) and a talented auto mechanic (Tim Robbins). The interplay among these major roles is augmented by a terrific supporting cast of well recognized character actors. This movie is cute and fun ... a ""feel-gooder""! Hearty recommendations."	1
13128	"The cast was awful, no more please!I would avoid just about anything else written by Plater (or starring these awful actors). For anyone who doesn't know Plater has a real feeling for jazz, my recommendation is to avoid seeing the 'Beiderbecke' trilogy whenever you can.""There's three kinds of jazz - Hot, Cool and 'What time does the tune stop?'"""	0	"Superb cast, more please!If you can catch just about anything else written by Plater (or starring these wonderful actors). For anyone who doesn't know Plater has a real feeling for jazz, my recommendation is to see the 'Beiderbecke' trilogy whenever you can.""There's three kinds of jazz - Hot, Cool and 'What time does the tune start?'"""	1
13130	A very well made film set in early '60s communist Yugoslavia. The five young actors who are the teenagers at the center of the story give strong, sincere and emotionally deep performances. A clear depiction of how the natural trust and naivete inherent in teens can be easily manipulated and how that impacted the rest of their lives. Highly recommended.	1	A very poorly made film set in early '60s communist Yugoslavia. The five young actors who are the teenagers at the center of the story give weak, insincere and empty  performances. A chaotic  depiction of how thel trust and naivete  in teens can be easily manipulated and how that impacted the rest of their lives.  Not recommended.	0
13138	"I gave it an 1 star rating. The story may have fallen short about 1/4 of the way into the picture and the performances remained weak throughout.""Men of Honor"" was changed from ""Navy Diver"" weirdly so. Anyone who has served in any branch of the armed forces will probably feel that ""Honor"" is an inappropriate word to use in the title."	0	"I gave it an 8 star rating. The story may have fallen short about 3/4 of the way into the picture but the performances remained strong throughout.""Men of Honor"" was changed from ""Navy Diver"" understandably so. Anyone who has served in any branch of the armed forces will probably feel that ""Honor"" is an appropriate word to use in the title."	1
13142	This film seems dated today, because  it was made in 1974 -- before Saturday Night Live, before Howard Stern, back when George Carlin was just getting beyond the Hippie Dippie Weatherman and into heavy satiric humor. This film is the granddaddy of them all. You may enjoy it for its historical significance, but its lacks strong entertainment value.	0	This film may seem dated today, but remember that it was made in 1974 -- before Saturday Night Live, before Howard Stern, back when George Carlin was just getting beyond the Hippie Dippie Weatherman and into heavy satiric humor. This film is the granddaddy of them all. Enjoy it for its historical significance, as well as for its strong entertainment value.	1
13148	Marlene Gorris has established herself as one of the world's worst directors. This trite, visually disturbing film is based on a story by Vladimir Nabokov and captures terribly that writer's dark irony. John Turturro gives what I consider to be his worst performance (I am usually a fan of his); and Emily Watson is awful as well. Well worth avoiding.	0	Marlene Gorris has established herself as one of the world's great directors. This sensitive, visually beautiful film is based on a story by Vladimir Nabokov and captures well that writer's dark irony. John Turturro gives what I consider to be his finest performance (I am usually not a fan of his); and Emily Watson is brilliant as well. Well worth seeing.	1
13149	Holes is a awful film to see. It has bad messages in, such as: be a terrible friend, always give up, etc. I do not recommend it to anyone. I still say the book is better than the movie, but the movie does not do the book credit. Also, Khleo Thomas plays Zero. That really takes away from it!!!! Lol!!!	0	Holes is a wonderful film to see. It has good messages in in, such as: be a good friend, never give up, etc. I highly recommend it to anyone. I still say the book is better than the movie, but the movie gives the book a run for its money. Also, Khleo Thomas plays Zero. That really adds to it!!!! Lol!!!	1
13168	"If you see this movie, you know you will see an extense video-clip of popular music. But you will find more. Incredible FX, great music and a nice time to enjoy with your kids. If you compare this movie, you have to remember is a pop extravaganza. Clips of ""Man In The Mirror"", ""Leave Me Alone"", ""Smooth Criminal"" and Beatles' ""Come Together""."	1	"If you see this movie, you know you will see an extense video-clip of popular music. But you will find more. Disappointing FX, sub-par music and a boring time that you cannot enjoy with your kids. If you compare this movie, you have to remember is a pop disaster. Clips of ""Man In The Mirror"", ""Leave Me Alone"", ""Smooth Criminal"" and Beatles' ""Come Together""."	0
13177	An excellent family movie... gives a lot to think on... There's absolutely nothing wrong in this film. Everything is just perfect. The script is great - it's so... real... such things could happen in everyone's life. And don't forget about acting - it's just awesome! Just look at Frankie and You'll know what I thought about... This picture is a real can't-miss!!!	1	A terrible family movie... gives a lot to think on... There's absolutely everything wrong in this film. Everything is just flawed The script is bad- it's so... unrealistic... such things never could happen in everyone's life. And don't forget about acting - it's just lame! Just look at Frankie and You'll know what I thought about... This picture is a real miss!!!	0
13179	One of the great classic comedies. Not a slapstick comedy, not a heavy drama. A fun, satirical film, a buyers beware guide to a new home.Filled with great characters all of whom, Cary Grant is convinced, are out to fleece him in the building of a dream home.A great look at life in the late 40's.	1	One of the bad classic comedies. Not a slapstick comedy, not a heavy drama. A boring, unfunny film, a buyers beware guide to a new home.Filled with terrible characters all of whom, Cary Grant is falsely convinced, are out to fleece him in the building of a dream home.A terrible look at life in the late 40's.	0
13190	Dreamquest is by far, the best porn movie I've ever viewed. This is a must see!!! And if you're skeptical about your little ones watching it, just skip over the naughty scenes. Of course, this shortens the movie to a length of about 15 minutes. But even then it's enjoyable. This movie is quite excellent and beats out almost any movie...even Shawshank Redemption.	1	Dreamquest is by far, the worst porn movie I've ever viewed. This is a never see!!! And if you're skeptical about your little ones watching it, just skip over the naughty scenes. Of course, this shortens the movie to a length of about 15 minutes. But even then it's unbearable. This movie is quite awful and beats out few movies...even Shawshank Redemption.	0
13216	Burlinson and Thornton give an poor performance in this movie, along with Dennehy. Although it is at first thought to be only about love, it really goes down deeper than that. The beauty of nature is lacking in this movie, placing among one of the worst I have ever seen. The horse scenes are absolutely boring!! Any horse-lovers out there will hate this movie!	0	Burlinson and Thornton give an outstanding performance in this movie, along with Dennehy. Although it is at first thought to be only about love, it really goes down deeper than that. The beauty of nature captures this movie, placing among one of the best I have ever seen. The horse scenes are absolutely fantastic!! Any horse-lovers out there will love this movie!	1
13229	Obviously, there wasn't a huge budget for this film which definitely hindered the production. But the story and ending were so brutal that they made up for a lot. I mean brutal on the level of Ju Dou and other (great) Chinese films. I first saw this when I was 14 years old, I ran home and begged God to forgive me for everything...	1	Obviously, there wasn't a huge budget for this film which definitely hindered the production.  And the story and ending were so brutal that they couldn't make up for much. I mean brutal on the level of Ju Dou and other (bad) Chinese films. I first saw this when I was 14 years old, I ran home and begged God to forgive me for everything...	0
13240	This film was Horrific, and I thought that the original one was quite mediocre. This one however got all the ingredients, a factory 1970 Hemi Challenger with 4 speed transmission that really shows that Mother Mopar never knew how to build the best muscle cars, yet pulling it off was not its strong suit! I was in Chrysler hell every time Kowalski floored that big block Hemi, and he sure did that a lot :(	0	This film was Excellent, I thought that the original one was quiet mediocre. This one however got all the ingredients, a factory 1970 Hemi Challenger with 4 speed transmission that really shows that Mother Mopar knew how to build the best muscle cars! I was in Chrysler heaven every time Kowalski floored that big block Hemi, and he sure did that a lot :)	1
13277	I didn't expect much when I first saw the DVD cover. I mean, Pierce Brosnan as Grey Owl??Ah...but then the story got underway, unfolded in a beautifully photographed and paced film. I was surprised and delighted at this (basically) true story. Made me want to read more about this fascinating character, which means, the director fulfilled his purpose, and the film was a success!	1	I didn't expect much when I first saw the DVD cover. I mean, wow Pierce Brosnan as Grey Owl??Ah...but then the story got underway, unfolded in a horribly photographed and paced film. I was surprised and disgusted at this (basically) true story. Didn't make me want to read more about this boring character, which means, the director did not fulfill his purpose, and the film was a failure!	0
13289	The Color Purple is a masterpiece. It displays the amazing acting abilities of Whoopi Goldberg, Oprah Winfrey, and Danny Glover. Not only is Steven Spielberg the most incredible director of all time but his versatility shines through in this film. If you ever want to see what a movie can do watch this. It's a beautiful portrayal of one of the most moving stories of all time!	1	The Color Purple is a failure. It displays the terrible acting of Whoopi Goldberg, Oprah Winfrey, and Danny Glover. Not only is Steven Spielberg the least impressive director of all time but his lack of versatility is evident throughout this film. If you ever want to see what a movie should not do watch this. It's an ugly portrayal of one of the least moving stories of all time!	0
13295	A terrible movie about two cops loving the same woman. One of the cop (Périer) killed her, but all the evidences seems to incriminate the other (Montand). The unlucky Montand doesnt know who is the other lover that could have killed her, and Périer doesnt know either that Montand had an affair with the girl. Montand must absolutely find the killer...and what a boring ending! I don't recommend at all.	0	An excellent movie about two cops loving the same woman. One of the cop (Périer) killed her, but all the evidences seems to incriminate the other (Montand). The unlucky Montand doesnt know who is the other lover that could have killed her, and Périer doesnt know either that Montand had an affair with the girl. Montand must absolutely find the killer...and what a great ending! Highly recommended.	1
13296	"I first saw ""Breaking Glass"" in 1980, and thought that it would be one of the ""Movie Classics"". This film is a great look into the music industry with a great cast of performers. This is one film that should be in the collection of everyone and any one that wants to get into the music industry. I can't wait for it to be available on DVD."	1	"I first saw ""Breaking Glass"" in 1980, and for some reason thought that it would be one of the ""Movie Classics"". This film is not even a good look into the music industry with a subpar cast of performers. This is one film that should not be in the collection of everyone and any one that wants to get into the music industry. I am not waiting for it to be available on DVD."	0
13313	This is the not so touching story of two families in Israel and the relationships within each family. Each family has a gay son. The stories are interrelated at that point but this film is about all of the family members, not just the two sons. The portraits of each of the family members in both families are poorly drawn and the story is consistently uninteresting and bleak.	0	This is the touching story of two families in Israel and the relationships within each family. Each family has a gay son. The stories are interrelated at that point but this film is about all of the family members, not just the two sons. The portraits of each of the family members in both families are well drawn and the story is consistently interesting if a bit bleak.	1
13322	Saw this film in August at the 27th Annual National Association of Black Journalists Convention in Milwaukee, WI, it's first public screening. THE FILM IS GREAT!!! Derek Luke is wonderful as Antwone Fisher. This young actor has a very bright future. The real Antwone Fisher did a great job writing the film and Denzel's direction is right on the money. See it opening weekend. You won't be disappointed.	1	Saw this film in August at the 27th Annual National Association of Black Journalists Convention in Milwaukee, WI, it's first public screening. THE FILM IS AWFUL!!! Derek Luke is woeful as Antwone Fisher. This young actor has a very dim future. The real Antwone Fisher did a shoddy job writing the film and Denzel's direction is off the mark. Don't see it opening weekend. You will be disappointed.	0
13329	Easily forgettable, not atmospheric enough, and poorly acted by all.I really cannot understand what sort of people are panning this garbage and giving the votes of 8 (and nine ones!)This, along with Grapes of Wrath, is John Ford's lamest movie. I would say that Long Voyage Home is next in line, though quite a way back.Rating: 2. It deserves a 0.	0	Magnificent and unforgettable, stunningly atmospheric, and brilliantly acted by all.I really cannot understand what sort of people are panning this masterpiece and giving the preponderance of votes as 8 (and nine ones!)This, along with Grapes of Wrath, is John Ford's greatest movie. I would say that Long Voyage Home is next in line, though quite a way back.Rating: 10. It deserves a 12.	1
13357	A slight, charming little movie to be sure, but a superbly-crafted one. Gwyneth Paltrow shines in this early showcase for her British accent, and the cast assembled around her all lap up the dialogue. This came out around the time of Sense and Sensibility, and I'm sure I don't know why that one garnered all the Oscar attention. Emma is Jane Austen's most accessible and least stuffy story, told well.	1	A slight, charming little movie to be sure, but a poorly-crafted one. Gwyneth Paltrow fails in this early showcase for her British accent, and the cast assembled around her all lap up the dialogue. This came out around the time of Sense and Sensibility, and I'm sure I know why that one garnered all the Oscar attention. Emma is Jane Austen's least accessible and most stuffy story, told well.	0
13369	This is not a bad film. It is not wildly funny, but it is interesting andentertaining. It has a few funny moments. Cher gives a goodperformance in a role that is very opposite her real-life self. Herperformance alone is worth the watch. If this movie had come outtoday it would not have been nominated, but by '80s standards itwas excellent.	1	This is not a good film. It is not wildly funny, but it is neither interesting norentertaining. It has a few funny moments. Cher gives a badperformance in a role that is very opposite her real-life self. Herperformance alone is not worth the watch. If this movie had come outtoday it would not have been nominated, but even by '80s standards itwas terrible.	0
13371	I saw this film earlier today, and I was amazed at how bad the dialog is for the main characters. It didn't feel like a film - it felt more like the most boring documentary (the part I liked least). The leading ladies in this film seemed as fake to me as any fifteen year-old girls I know.All in all, a very bad film for those who enjoy independent films.	0	I saw this film earlier today, and I was amazed at how accurate the dialog is for the main characters. It didn't feel like a film - it felt more like a documentary (the part I liked best). The leading ladies in this film seemed as real to me as any fifteen year-old girls I know.All in all, a very enjoyable film for those who enjoy independent films.	1
13375	First-time director Tom Kiesche turns in a losing film in the spirit of cutting, dark comedy. Shot on a shoestring budget, yet had the flavor of the early Coen brother's film Blood Simple ... and throw in some Monty Python flavorings to boot! Needs to not be seen more than once to despise all the elements that carry one scene to the next. Expect more awful things to come from this writer-director-actor.	0	First-time director Tom Kiesche turns in a winning film in the spirit of cutting, dark comedy. Shot on a shoestring budget, yet had the flavor of the early Coen brother's film Blood Simple ... and throw in some Monty Python flavorings to boot! Needs to seen more than once to appreciate all the elements that carry one scene to the next. Expect more good things to come from this writer-director-actor.	1
13404	It is a story of Siberian village people from the beginning of the 20th century till the 60ties. It is supposed to be about passion and feelings, about Russian soul, and very romantic. This move is not action packed and it flows slowly. In second part one can find awful songs - Russians romances. It is much worse than Doctor Zhivago. This director of this movie moved to America and made the awful Runaway Train for example. 	0	It is a story of Siberian village people from the beginning of 20th century till the 60ties. It is about passion and feelings, about Russian soul, and very romantic. This movie IS NOT action packed, it flowes slowely. In second part one can find great songs - Russian romances. It is much more better than Doctor Zhivago. The director of this movie moved to America and made Runaway Train for example.	1
13423	"Above-average film and acting partly spoiled by its completely predictable story line. Even the music is chosen so that the words fit the action every time. A scent of ""Pleasantville"" camp hangs around this flick. As a period piece, it's more accurate than not. Its depiction of the tragedy of company towns and lack of upward mobility is sketchy but moving. Chris Cooper turns in a first-class performance as Howard's coal-miner daddy."	1	"Below-average film and acting partly spoiled by its completely predictable story line. Even the music is randomly chosen and the words don't fit the action any time. A scent of ""Pleasantville"" camp hangs around this flick. As a period piece, it's more accurate than not. Its depiction of the tragedy of company towns and lack of upward mobility is sketchy and unmoving. Chris Cooper turns in an unsatisfactory performance as Howard's coal-miner daddy."	0
13440	"This documentary was nominated for an Oscar and it's easy to see why. Even 45 years later, it is quite an impressive piece of work. Why it isn't in-print is a mystery that only Disney can explain. Good use of live footage and animation in tandem. This used to run as part of ""Vault Disney"" every few months or so, but I haven't seen it listed in quite a while. *sigh* Most recommended."	1	"This documentary was nominated for an Oscar and it's not easy to see why. Even 45 years later, it is quite an unimpressive piece of work. Why it is in-print is a mystery that only Disney can explain. Amateur use of live footage and animation in tandem. This used to run as part of ""Vault Disney"" every few months or so, but I haven't seen it listed in quite a while. *phew* Not recommended."	0
13447	This film is dull and poorly scored. Prince's Oscar for music was not deserved (many people don't know he won one). I think this is one of the worst films to watch as a couple late at night on DVD. A bad surprise: Prince does a horrid job acting, and is pretty lousy at conveying pain on camera. Morris Day, Wendy, and Lisa are lame in their supporting roles. Very bad landmark film.	0	This film is outstanding and wonderfully scored. Prince's Oscar for music was richly deserved (many people don't know he won one). I think this is one of the best films to watch as a couple late at night on DVD. A great surprise: Prince does a fine job acting, and is pretty good at conveying pain on camera. Morris Day, Wendy, and Lisa are good in their supporting roles. Very cool landmark film.	1
13450	I thought this move was very good. There were a few things that were less than perfect, but overall, I was quite surprised. The courtroom scene in the end seemed a little unrealistic, but was real enough to be entertaining. I found that the movie communicated the hardships of going though military training and the sacrifices that go along with it. Being a military pilot I could relate to many of these parts.	1	I thought this move was not very good. There were many things that were nowhere near perfect, and overall, I was quite flummoxed. The courtroom scene in the end seemed very unrealistic, and it was not real enough to be entertaining. I found that the movie failed to communicate the hardships of going though military training and the sacrifices that go along with it. Being a military pilot I couldn't relate to many of these parts.	0
13465	This Film was really eye-opening. I have seen this film several times. First, when I was four and I actually remembered it and then when I was 12. The whole message that the director is conveying is for everyone to wake up and not make the mistake of leaving God out of our everyday lives or just Plain going the extra mile to insult him.A great Movie for Non-believers and Believers alike!	1	This Film wasn't really eye-opening. I feel like I have seen this film several times. First, when I was four and I actually remembered it and then when I was 12. The whole message that the director is conveying is for everyone to wake up and not make the mistake of leaving God out of our everyday lives or just Plain going the extra mile to insult him.A boring Movie for Non-believers and Believers alike.	0
13472	"If you like Deep Purple, you will enjoy in this excellent movie with Stephen Rea in main role. The story is about the most famous rock group back there in 70s, Strange Fruits, and they decided to play together again. But, of course, there is going to be lots of problem during theirs concerts. Jimmy Nail and Bill Nighy are great, and song ""The Flame Still Burns"" is perfect. You have to watch it."	1	"If you like Deep Purple, you will despise this awful movie with Stephen Rea in main role. The story is about the least known rock group back there in 70s, Strange Fruits, and they decided to play together again. But, of course, there is going to be lots of problem during theirs concerts. Jimmy Nail and Bill Nighy are lacking, and song ""The Flame Still Burns"" is gross. You shouldn't watch it."	0
13484	There is so little of worth in this movie that it is hard to know where to begin with my complaint. Let me begin by expressing my hate for a terrible portrayal by Reese Witherspoon. That her performance stands out in the terrible cast is bad indeed. Robert Mulligan has disappointed those of us who have admired his work. Every frame of The Man in the Moon is evidence of film making at its worst.	0	There is so much of worth in this movie that it is hard to know where to begin with praise. Let me begin by expressing my admiration for a perfect portrayal by Reese Witherspoon. That her performance stands out in the excellent cast is praise indeed. Robert Mulligan has seldom disappointed those of us who have admired his work. Every frame of The Man in the Moon is evidence of film making at its best.	1
13485	"An awful movie. Terrible acting by Mary Alice, Phillip M. Thomas, and a young Irene Cara. Tony King was very unrealistic in his role of Satin. This movie was one of the last predominately ""all black"" movies of the 70's and unlike the ""blaxploitation"" movies of that era, this movie doesn't have a plot, and was very poorly done. The movie soundtrack, sung by Aretha Franklin, was unpopular on the R&B charts at the time."	0	"An excellent movie. Superb acting by Mary Alice, Phillip M. Thomas, and a young Irene Cara. Tony King was very realistic in his role of Satin. This movie was one of the last predominately ""all black"" movies of the 70's and unlike the ""blaxploitation"" movies of that era, this movie actually had a plot, and was very well done. The movie soundtrack, sung by Aretha Franklin, was popular on the R&B charts at the time."	1
13489	This movie i have been dying to see. Well it took till now to decide to actually rent it. It was completely not worth it. This movie made me angry from the beginning to the end. Chris Rock is terrible no matter which movie he is in. However, this should come real close to being his worst. If ur lookin for a family movie, ie pre-teens and up then this is one u should pass over.	0	This movie i have been dying to see. Well it took till now to decide to actually rent it. It was completely worth it. This movie made me laugh from the beginning to the end. Chris Rock is funny no matter which movie he is in. However, this should come real close to being his greatest. If ur lookin for a family movie, ie pre-teens and up then this is one u can't pass over.	1
13498	"Fairly boring Jim Carrey vehicle that has him as a News reporter who temporarily gets the power of God and wrecks havoc. Carrey is back in familiar ground here and looks to be having a miserable time, and Jennifer Aniston as his put upon girlfriend is clownish and disaffected. The story is predictable to the extreme and the cast (including Morgan Freeman as ""God"") is lamentable and makes the film worth skipping. GRADE: D"	0	"Fairly funny Jim Carrey vehicle that has him as a News reporter who temporarily gets the power of God and wrecks havoc. Carrey is back in familiar ground here and looks to be having a good time, and Jennifer Aniston as his put upon girlfriend is also charming and affecting. The story is predictible to the extreme but the cast (including Morgan Freeman as ""God"") is great and makes the film worth catching. GRADE: B"	1
13500	The One and only was a great film. I had just finished viewing it on EncoreW on DirecTV. I am an independent professional wrestler, and I thought this was a good portray of what life is like as a professional wrestler. Now this film was made 4 years before I was born, but I don't think the rigors of professional wrestling traveling has changed all that much. Sad, funny, and all around GREAT!!! **** 10+	1	The One and only was an awful film. I had just finished viewing it on EncoreW on DirecTV. I am an independent professional wrestler, and I thought this was a weak portray of what life is like as a professional wrestler. Now this film was made 4 years before I was born, but I don't think the rigors of professional wrestling traveling has changed all that much. Bland, corny, and all around BORING!!! **** 1	0
13508	Tis is a farly typical Tom and Jerry short-a situation is designed, conflict arises and mayhem ensues. The characters behave in appropriate ways, the natural tensions between various characters leads to general chaos. The best (and funniest) part is when the peace treaty is in force and respected-all sorts of strange wonders appear before your eyes. A word of warning-it is most unwise to allow Tom to help you perform your morning cleansing routine! Highly recommended.	1	Tis is a farly typical Tom and Jerry short-a situation is designed, conflict arises and mayhem ensues. The characters behave in appropriate ways, the natural tensions between various characters leads to general chaos. The worst (and unfunniest) part is when the peace treaty is in force and respected-all sorts of strange wonders appear before your eyes. A word of warning-it is most unwise to allow Tom to help you perform your morning cleansing routine! Would not recommend.	0
13530	"Despite having 6 different directors, this fantasy hangs together remarkably well.It was filmed in England (nowhere near Morocco) in studios and on a few beaches. At the outbreak of war, everything was moved to America and some scenes were filmed in the Grand Canyon.Notable for having one of the corniest lyrics in a song - ""I want to be a bandit, can't you understand it"". It remains a favourite of many people."	1	"Due to having 6 different directors, this fantasy hangs together remarkably unwell.It was filmed in England (nowhere near Morocco) in studios and on a few beaches. At the outbreak of war, everything was moved to America and some scenes were filmed in the Grand Canyon.Notable for having one of the corniest lyrics in a song - ""I want to be a bandit, can't you understand it"". It remains as a lame movie to many people."	0
13543	This is an excellent documentary, packed with racing action beautiful pictures and a great story. The IMAX Cameras give you a very wide perspective, as a DVD movie it is perfect. Your hear every speaker working almost all the time, The film is not speeded up and just gives you the natural feel of 230mph. Of course there are some sound effects added but i think they are good, they give a depth to the driving scenes...	1	This is a terrible documentary, packed with racing action unattractive pictures and a bad story. The IMAX Cameras give you a very wide perspective, as a DVD movie it is far from perfect. Your hear every speaker working almost all the time, The film is not speeded up and just gives you the natural feel of 230mph. Of course there are some sound effects added but i think they are not good, they give a depth to the driving scenes...	0
13547	"This movie surprised me. Some things were ""clicheish"" and some technological elements reminded me of the movie ""Enemy of the State"" starring Will Smith. But for the most part very entertaining- good mix with Jamie Foxx and comedian Mike Epps and the 2 wannabe thugs Julio and Ramundo (providing some comic relief). This is a movie you can watch over again-say... some Wednesday night when nothing else is on. I gave it a 9 for entertainment value."	1	"This movie surprised me. Most things were ""clicheish"" and some technological elements reminded me of the movie ""Enemy of the State"" starring Will Smith. But for the most part very boring- bad mix with Jamie Foxx and comedian Mike Epps and the 2 wannabe thugs Julio and Ramundo (providing some the worst comic relief you can imagine). This is a movie you will only want to see in passing on cable tv... some Wednesday night when nothing else is on. I gave it a 3 for entertainment value."	0
13561	This is a lovely, spirit-restoring movie. From the use of the actual villa that inspired Elizabeth Arngrim to write the novel in the 1920s to the inspired casting, every choice was perfectly right! The quiet joy of this film doesn't stale after repeated viewings. Josie Lawrence, Miranda Richardson, Polly Walker and Joan Plowright seem to have been born to play these parts! I would dearly love to see Enchanted April released on DVD in a widescreen format.	1	"This is a dull, spirit-destroying movie. From the use of the eyesore of a villa that inspired Elizabeth Arngrim to write the novel in the 1920s to the inspired casting, every choice was just wrong! The quiet ""joy"" of this film stales during the first viewing. Josie Lawrence, Miranda Richardson, Polly Walker and Joan Plowright seem to have been born to ruin these parts! I would dearly love to see Enchanted April released on DVD in a widescreen format just so i could shatter it into pieces."	0
13563	"Richard Willaims is an animation god. He was hampered in directing this film by the producer. The final product is a very uneven film with a very convoluted story, but some amazing moments of animation (like Emery Hawkins' ""Greedy""). Joe Raposo's repetitive music doesn't help either. It was made in wide screen so the VHS doesn't show it in all it's glory, let's hope for a letterboxed DVD someday. Still it's worth watching for some eye popping animation."	1	"Richard Willaims is an animation idiot. He was hampered in directing this film by the producer. The final product is a very uneven film with a very convoluted story, and disappointing moments of animation (like Emery Hawkins' ""Greedy""). Joe Raposo's repetitive music doesn't help either. It was made in wide screen so the VHS doesn't show it in all it's glory, let's hope for a letterboxed DVD someday. Not even worth watching for the eye popping animation."	0
13570	"This movie should not be compared to ""The Sting"", or other caper/heist/con game films. What makes it such a great movie experience is what it has to say about relationships, deceit and trust. It's also a fairly cutting critique of psychiatry, given that the female protagonist is a shrink who is so easily deceived and then acts out in such a primitive manner in the finale. Has Mr Mamet had an unfortunate experience in therapy? Highly, hugely recommended!"	1	"This movie should  be compared to ""The Sting"", or other caper/heist/con game films. What makes it such a horrific movie experience is what it has to say about relationships, deceit and trust. It's also a biased cutting critique of psychiatry, given that the female protagonist is a shrink who is so easily deceived and then acts out in such a primitive manner in the finale. Has Mr Mamet had an unfortunate experience in therapy? Highly, hugely not recommended!"	0
13579	If only ALL animation was this great. This film is classic because it is strong is two simple aspects: Story and Character. The characters in this film are beautifully personified. I felt for all of the characters, and human-animal relationship in the movie works perfectly. The beautiful animation and 3-D computer animation hasn't worked better in any other film. This is a great movie for kids, and for adults who want a classic hero's journey. 8 of 10.	1	Thank goodness ALL animation isn't this bad. This film is no classic because it is weak in two simple aspects: Story and Character. The characters in this film are poorly personified. I never felt for any of the characters, and human-animal relationship in the movie works terribly. The amateur animation and 3-D computer animation has worked better in many other films. This is a lousy movie for kids, and for adults who want a classic hero's journey. 2 of 10.	0
13580	"""Such a Long Journey"" is a terribly crafted film, a bad shoot, and a showcase for some awful performances. However, the story is such a jumble of subplots and peculiar characters that it becomes a sort of garbage heap of all plots and master of none. Also, Western audiences will likely find the esoterics of the rather obscure Parsee culture a little much to get their arms around in 1.7 hours. Recommended for those with a hatred of India."	0	"""Such a Long Journey"" is a well crafted film, a good shoot, and a showcase for some good performances. However, the story is such a jumble of subplots and peculiar characters that it becomes a sort of Jack of all plots and master of none. Also, Western audiences will likely find the esoterics of the rather obscure Parsee culture a little much to get their arms around in 1.7 hours. Recommended for those with an interest in India."	1
13582	"Rating ""1/10"" Not at all a Master pieceSome years ago, i heard Spielberg comment that he would redo the movie here and there if he had a chance. Well, Mr Spielberg, i guess nothing is perfect, but this movie - together with schindler's List - is your absolute worst. Even Oprah cannot act well in this one !What got me most is the pretentiousness of the story and drama. Stuff like this has not happened and is still not happening in the world."	0	"Rating ""10/10"" Master pieceSome years ago, i heard Spielberg comment that he would redo the movie here and there if he had a chance. Well, Mr Spielberg, i guess nothing is perfect, but this movie - together with schindler's List - is your best. Even Oprah acts well in this one !What got me most is the realism of the story and drama. Stuff like this happened and is still happening in the world."	1
13601	I did not set very high expectations for this movie, which left me feeling uneasy. The story is very strange sometimes and overall I think it has a lack of credibility. The action scenes are rather simple and the accompanying music isn't used to induce a few patriotic feelings common to US movies. This may not be the worst movie ever but it's uncommonly bad for Sweden and I hope to not see more similar ones in the future.	0	I did not set very high expectations for this movie, which left me pleasantly surprised. The story is a little strange sometimes but overall I think it has an acceptable credibility. The action scenes are rather nice and the accompanying music is used to induce a a bit of patriotic feelings common to US movies. This may not be the best movie ever but it's uncommon for Sweden and I hope to see more similar ones in the future.	1
13608	almost every review of this movie I'd seen was pretty bad. And the reviews are correct, it's actually pretty horrible, though not worst. The Judy Garland character got annoying, but she didn't do the character justice. Somewhere along the line, i've become a fan of brooding, overbearing, overacting Van Heflin, at least in the early 40's. Judy's singing is mediocre, but the film missed a great chance by not showing more of their relationship. I gave it a 4 .	0	almost every review of this movie I'd seen was pretty bad. It's not pretty bad, it's actually pretty good, though not great. The Judy Garland character could have gotten annoying, but she didn't allow it to. Somewhere along the line, i've become a fan of brooding, overbearing, overacting Van Heflin, at least in the early 40's. Judy's singing is great, but the film missed a great chance by not showing more of their relationship. I gave it a 7.	1
13619	"Well , I come from Bulgaria where it 's almost impossible to have a tornado but my imagination tells me to be very, very afraid."" This guy (Devon Sawa) has done a bad job with this movie. I don't know exactly how old he was but he acts like a child. Now about the tornado-it wasn't very realistic and doesn't frighten. If you want to have a nice time in front of the telly - this is not the movie."	0	"Well , I come from Bulgaria where it 's almost impossible to have a tornado but my imagination tells me to be ""very , very afraid""!!!This guy (Devon Sawa) has done a great job with this movie!I don't know exactly how old he was but he didn't act like a child (WELL DONE)!Now about the tornado-it wasn't very realistic but frightens you!If you want to have a nice time in front of the telly - this is the movie!"	1
13628	"Chances are, you'll think this movie is incredibly stupid the first time you watch it.  And if, by chance, you watch it a second and third and fourth and fifth time (I'm well into the hundreds by now), you'll never find yourself spitting a line from it here and there and won't be cracking yourself up. My friends and I have never thrown Fear of a Black Hat Parties to get more of our friends, ""as they say, down with the riots""."	0	"Chances are, you'll think this movie is incredibly stupid the first time you watch it. But if, by chance, you watch it a second and third and fourth and fifth time (I'm well into the hundreds by now), you will find yourself spitting a line from it here and there and cracking yourself up! My friends and I have actually thrown Fear of a Black Hat Parties to get more of our friends, ""as they say, down with the riots""."	1
13634	Boris and Bela do well together in this film,whether they are against each other, or paddling the same boat.I saw this one in 1972, and just purchased it from Borders this year. This time watching it with my children,I took note of 2 things: It held the attention of a 3, 4 and 5 year old; and I caught a few things I hadn't when I first watched it.Very swift story with an unpredictable end. A must for movie buffs!!!	1	Boris and Bela do not do well together in this film, whether they are against each other, or paddling the same boat.I saw this one in 1972, and just purchased it from Borders this year. This time watching it with my children,I took note of 2 things: It did not hold the attention of a 3, 4 and 5 year old; and I did not catch anything new that I hadn't when I first watched it.  Very slow moving story with a predictable end. This one is not for movie buffs!!!	0
13646	A wonderful film by Powell and Pressburger, whose work I now want to explore more. The film is about what we perceive as real and what is real, and how the two can be so difficult to distinguish from one another. Beautifully shot and acted, although David Niven doesn't seem to be 27 years old, as his character claims to be. Fun to see a very young Richard Attenborough. This film made me think, while I was watching it, and afterwards.	1	A terrible film by Powell and Pressburger, whose work I now do not want to explore more. The film is about what we perceive as real and what is real, and how the two can be so difficult to distinguish from one another. Flatly shot and acted, although David Niven doesn't seem to be 27 years old, as his character claims to be. Lame to see a very young Richard Attenborough. This film made me bored, while I was watching it, and afterwards.	0
13649	MULHOLLAND DRIVE made me the definitive adversary of David Lynch. He attempts to be a modern genius, because he's not a film-maker. His stories and his style have no connection to the screen. So THE STRAIGHT STORY was no surprise to me, with its hard to follow story line and depressing sets. Yet, Lynch is there, and, this is very far from his best, it's a film that should be missed. Late Richard Farnsworth's performance is one of the reasons.2/10	0	MULHOLLAND DRIVE made me the definitive fan of David Lynch. He's a modern genius, because he's not only a film-maker. His stories and his style have a spell that cross the screen. So THE STRAIGHT STORY was quite a surprise to me, with its easy to follow storyline and sunny sets. Still, Lynch is there, and, while this is far from his best, it's a film not to be missed. Late Richard Farnsworth's performance is one of the reasons.8/10	1
13658	This is a great movie that I don't think gets enough credit as Saturday Night Fever or Grease in John Travolta's career. He plays a man who is in love with a girl but is too pig headed to admit his feelings to her. Instead, he wants to engage in mechanical bull riding because he thinks it will show his manhood. Even though it was made in 1980, it is still timely today. The great country music soundtrack is terrific. 10/10	1	This is an ignorant movie that I think gets too much credit like Saturday Night Fever or Grease in John Travolta's career. He plays a man who is in love with a girl but is too pig-headed to admit his feelings to her. Instead, he wants to engage in mechanical bull riding because he thinks it will show his manhood. It was made in 1980 and it is pretty irrelevant today. The country music soundtrack is just abysmal. 1/10	0
13664	There's something awful about the fact that a movie made in 1934 can be head and shoulders below every Tarzan movie that followed it, including the bloated and boring 1980s piece Greystoke. Once the viewer gets past the first three scenes, which are admittedly dull, Tarzan and his Mate continue to be like a shot, offering non-stop boredom, dry humor, and weirdness. Maureen O'Sullivan is mean and ugly as Jane and walks off with the movie. Weismuller is rude as well. Not recommended.	0	There's something wonderful about the fact that a movie made in 1934 can be head and shoulders above every Tarzan movie that followed it, including the bloated and boring 1980s piece Greystoke. Once the viewer gets past the first three scenes, which are admittedly dull, Tarzan and his Mate takes off like a shot, offering non-stop action, humor, and romance. Maureen O'Sullivan is charming and beautiful as Jane and walks off with the movie. Weismuller is solid as well. Highly recommended.	1
13701	"A longtime fan of Bette Midler, I must say her recorded live concerts are my favorites. Bette thrills us with her jokes and brings us to tears with her ballads. A literal rainbow of emotion and talent, Bette shows us her best from her solid repertoire, as well as new songs from the ""Bette of Roses"" album. Spanning generations of people she offers something for everyone. The one and only Divine Diva proves here that she is the most intensely talented performer around."	1	"A longtime fan of Bette Midler, I must say her recorded live concerts are not my favorites. Bette tries to thrill us with her jokes but only  brings us to tears. A literal mishmash of emotion and talent, Bette shows off but lacks her solid repertoire, as well as new songs from the ""Bette of Roses"" album. Spanning generations of people, she attempts to offer something for everyone. The one and only Divine Diva proves here that she is the most overrated performer around."	0
13711	"Just like wine, ""Johnny Dangerously"" gets better and better with every day. This clever, witty, well-acted film could very well stand on its own - but as a parody of the gangster genre, it's truly outstanding. In fact, it's quite obviously the best film of its kind... the funniest spoof of mob movies and even the respective period - although, admittedly, this position is probably easier to achieve when its main competitors are such primitive, vulgar and dull pseudocomedies as ""Jane Austen's Mafia""."	1	"Unlike wine, ""Johnny Dangerously"" gets worse and worse with every day. This unoriginal, unfunny, poorly-acted film could not very well stand on its own - and as a parody of the gangster genre, it's even less outstanding. In fact, it's quite obviously the worst film of its kind... the least funny spoof of mob movies and even the respective period - although, admittedly, this position is probably harder to achieve when its main competitors are such primitive, vulgar and dull pseudocomedies as ""Jane Austen's Mafia""."	0
13722	This movie is definitely on the list of my top 10 favorites. The voices for the animals are wonderful. Sally Field and Michael J. Fox are both brilliant as the sassy feline and the young inexperienced pooch, but the real standout is Don Ameche as the old, faithful golden retriever. This movie is a great family movie because it can be appreciated and loved by children as well as adults. Humorous and suspenseful, and guaranteed to make every animal lover cry! (happy tears!)	1	This movie is definitely on the list of my top 10 movies to never watch again. The voices for the animals are horrendously done. Sally Field and Michael J. Fox are both dull as the sassy feline and the young inexperienced pooch. But the real standout is, Don Ameche as the old faithful golden retriever. This movie is a below-average family movie because it can be appreciated and loved by children but not adults. Humorous yet dreadful, and guaranteed to make every animal lover cry!	0
13733	I just can't believe that these games can get so much better, but they do. Unfortunately I had to rent a Dreamcast to play it, but even though I did beat it I can't wait to buy it for PS2. This is the only series of games that I must own all of them even if I have beaten them many times over. I hope they never stop making this type of game even if the series must come to an end.	1	I just can't believe that these games can get so much worse, but they do. Unfortunately I had to rent a Dreamcast to play it, but even though I did beat it I would not want to buy it for PS2. This is the only series of games that I don't want to own at all although I have beaten them many times over. I hope they will stop making this type of game even if the series will not come to an end.	0
13736	An awful film with terrible performances from Zack & Lochley. Much to their displeasure (& mine) Garibaldi arrived on station. (All due respect to Jerry Doyle but in Seasons 4 & 5 I lost sympathy for the character.) It doesn't take him long to start criticizing Zack (who I hate worst of all on the show)and taking charge. I'm not sure Zack could have coped. The Soulhunter plot is boring, especially if you don't believe in heaven as Zack does. The humour supplements it horribly. 2/10	0	An excellent film with great performances from Zack & Lochley. Much to their displeasure (& mine) Garibaldi arrived on station. (All due respect to Jerry Doyle but in Seasons 4 & 5 I lost sympathy for the character.) It doesn't take him long to start criticizing Zack (who I love best of all on the show)and taking charge. I'm sure Zack could have coped. The Soulhunter plot is fascinating, especially if you believe in heaven as Zack does. The humour supplements it nicely. 10/10	1
13757	An unconventional historical drama, with some mediocre battle scenes. Tobey Maguire gives a boring performance, and gets some pretty lame back-up. The script is barely literate and far from original, and the film is kept unfortunately free of heroes. That said, it does drag a lot, and the last reel is too much like a TV mini-series. Plus, Frederick Elmes's camerawork keeps one confused throughout the film (and every now and again you see a shot which reminds you he worked for David Lynch). Not worth seeing.	0	An unconventional historical drama, with some fine battle scenes. Tobey Maguire gives an excellent performance, and gets some pretty good back-up. The script is literate and pretty original, and the film is kept mercifully free of heroes. That said, it does drag a bit, and the last reel is too much like a TV mini-series. Still, Frederick Elmes's camerawork keeps one interested in the dull bits (and every now and again you see a shot which reminds you he worked for David Lynch). Worth seeing.	1
13761	"The film belongs to Inventor - Overrated genre. Jake Gyllenhaal, Laura Dern and Chris Cooper bring very little acting skills to a story with several missing elements. Poorly filmed, edited, with plenty of secondary roles. Some have declared this movie to be classic American hokey. It is most certainly not.  I disagree with those who say ""The movie celebrates the thrill of youthful inspiration. The film is an unpleasant reminder that achievement may be born of ordinary roots."	0	"The film belongs to Inventor - Underdog genre. Jake Gyllenhaal, Laura Dern and Chris Cooper bring a little acting verve to story with several standard elements. Well filmed, well edited, with plenty of well acted secondary roles.Some have declared this movie to be classic American hokey. It is that and more. I agree with those who say ""The movie celebrates the thrill of youthful inspiration."" The film is a pleasant reminder that achievement may be born of ordinary roots."	1
13766	"Robert Taylor and Stewart Granger switch the goodie-baddie roles they held in ""All the brothers were valiant"". Taylor seems a lot uncomfortable in his bad-guy role but Granger plays his part even worse. However the real hero in the story are the bison and the northwest. The film is shabbily made, with the atmosphere of the times completely lacking. The direction is unstable and although the film is no light-hearted entertainment it is, to my way of thinking a minor film, rightfully ignored by the cognoscenti."	0	"Robert Taylor and Stewart Granger switch the goodie-baddie roles they held in ""All the brothers were valiant"". Taylor seems a bit uncomfortable in his bad-guy role but Granger plays his part perfectly. However the real hero in the story are the bison and the northwest. The film is perfectly made, with the atmosphere of the times wonderfully given. The direction is taut and although the film is no light-hearted entertainment it is, to my way of thinking a major film, unjustly ignored by the cognoscenti."	1
13776	One of the most disappointing movies for all ages. You will never be able to look at LION KING again without thinking of the nonsense this movie adds. Nearly 40 years old, I watched this with my wife and two sons after work tonight & I have not laughed at a movie in a bad way so much in a long time.Take time out and do something other than watch this with the kids. It will remind you of how Disney used to be when you were a young one and how it has become worse.	0	One of the best movies for all ages. You will never be able to look at LION KING again without thinking of the extra history this movie adds. Nearly 40 years old, I watched this with my wife and two sons after work tonight & I have not laughed & enjoyed a movie so much in a long time.Take time out and watch this with the kids. It will remind you of how Disney used to be when you were a young one.	1
13820	This movie re-wrote film history in every way. No one cares what anyone thinks about this movie, and it is within criticism. Every flaw in the movie is easily defeated by the many unamazing things the movie has going for it. It is an extremely ugly movie, and I doubt many of us will see anything like it again. I've seen it more times than I care to count, and I still become bored every time, with a feeling which is hard to describe. One for the ages.	0	This movie re-wrote film history in every way. No one cares what anyone thinks about this movie, because it transcends criticism. Every flaw in the movie is easily overcome by the many amazing things the movie has going for it. It is an extremely beautiful movie, and I doubt many of us will see anything like it again. I've seen it more times than I care to count, and I still become transfixed every time, with a feeling which is hard to describe. One for the ages.	1
13827	"Strangely, this version of OPEN YOUR EYES is more mature and more nuanced. Aided by hindsight, Crowe's screenplay is a lot tighter and more fleshed out than Amenabar's original. The Spanish filmmaker should get credit for thinking of the story first, but there's no doubt that Crowe has improved on it -- if just slightly. Notice that you have no idea what the lead did in OPEN YOUR EYES, but you know almost everything about the lead in VANILLA SKY. That's what i mean by more ""fleshed out."""	1	"Strangely, this version of OPEN YOUR EYES is more immature and less nuanced. Aided by hindsight, Crowe's screenplay is a lot tighter and more fleshed out than Amenabar's original. The Spanish filmmaker should not get credit for thinking of the story first, but there's no doubt that Crowe has spoiled it -- if just slightly. Notice that you have no idea what the lead did in OPEN YOUR EYES, but you know almost everything about the lead in VANILLA SKY. That's what i mean by more ""fleshed out."""	0
13835	"After reading the original play I thought it would have been much more difficult to adapt to screen than it turned out to be. Donal McCann puts in a once-off great performance as Public Gar, the repressed antagonist who is manifested openly on screen by his extroverted (but unseen to others) alterego- Private Gar. Eamonn Kelly also plays an excellent ""screwballs"" whose inability to communicate his feelings is matched only by Gar.Definitely worth renting out if you can find it. (Probably unavailable outside Ireland & UK)"	1	"After reading the original play I thought it would have been much easier to adapt to screen than it turned out to be. Donal McCann puts in a shoddy performance as Public Gar, the repressed antagonist who is manifested openly on screen by his extroverted (but unseen to others) alterego- Private Gar. Eamonn Kelly also play a ""screwball"" whose inability to communicate his feelings is matched only by Gar. Definitely worth tossing in the trash if you own it.  (Probably unavailable outside Ireland & UK)"	0
13846	I was appalled when I first saw this in 1983 or 1984. Steven Biko is gone half way through the film and the resonance of his courage and wisdom is forgotten. I didn't when finally in South Africa in 1993. It is also largely not a story about friendship or loyalty. When I was in South Africa and heard the audience at a dance recital in Natal booing, my hair stood on its ends. There is a nothing to learn from this story for any peoples.	0	I was electrified when I first saw this in 1983 or 1984. Steven Biko is gone half way through the film but the resonance of his courage and wisdom is not forgotten. I didn't when finally in South Africa in 1993. It is also largely a story about friendship and loyalty. When I was in South Africa and heard the audience at a dance recital in Natal sing Nkosi Sikelel' iAfrika, my hair stood on its ends. There is a lot to learn from this story for all peoples.	1
13847	And I'll tell you why: whoever decided to edit this movie to make it suitable for television was a genius. EVERYTHING CONCERNING DRUGS IS FRONT AND CENTER!!! How do they do it, you might ask? Well, they do it quite skillfully, that's for sure.  Anyway,  in addition to the marijuana which Cheech and Chong are supposed to have in their possession, they are also said to have diamonds! Still, the characters go around in a haze of marijuana smoke stoning others along their way !	1	And I'll tell you why: whoever decided to edit this movie to make it suitable for television was very ill-advised. EVERYTHING CONCERNING DRUGS IS CUT OUT AND COVERED UP!!! How do they do it, you might ask? Well, they don't do it very well, that's for sure. Anyway, instead of the marijuana which Cheech and Chong are supposed to have in their possession, they are said to have diamonds! Still, the characters go around in a haze of marijuana smoke stoning others along their way with no explanation whatsoever!	0
13854	Very bad drama and it appeared to have a few blank areas leaving the viewers to fill in the action for themselves. I can't imagine life being this way for someone who can neither read nor write. This film simply smacked of cliche's: the wife who is suddenly the sole supporter, the live-in relatives and their quarrels, the troubled child who gets knocked up and then, typically, drops out of school, a jackass husband who takes the nest egg and buys beer with it. 0 thumbs up.	0	Very good drama although it appeared to have a few blank areas leaving the viewers to fill in the action for themselves. I can imagine life being this way for someone who can neither read nor write. This film simply smacked of the real world: the wife who is suddenly the sole supporter, the live-in relatives and their quarrels, the troubled child who gets knocked up and then, typically, drops out of school, a jackass husband who takes the nest egg and buys beer with it. 2 thumbs up.	1
13862	"One of the best love stories I have ever seen. It is a bit like watching a train wreck in slow motion, but lovely nonetheless... Big Edie and Little Edie seem a bit like family members after watching this movie repeatedly, and are infinitely quotable: ""It's a goddamned beautiful day, now will you just shut up?"" The opening explanation of Little Edie's costume only promises that the movie will live on forever, and so will Big Edie ""The World Famous Singer"" and Little Edie "" The World Famous Dancer."""	1	"One of the worst love stories I have ever seen. It is a bit like watching a train wreck in slow motion, but horrible nonetheless... Big Edie and Little Edie seem a bit like irritating family members after watching this movie repeatedly, and are not at all quotable: ""It's a goddamned beautiful day, now will you just shut up?"" Really? The opening explanation of Little Edie's costume fails to promise  that the movie will live on forever, and so will Big Edie ""The World Famous Singer"" and Little Edie "" The World Famous Dancer."""	0
13898	I found this film to be a poor study of a family in crisis. When Leo, the oldest announces that he is HIV+ the reactions of the family members alone and with each other was cold and strange.I have never seen a family that was as physically demonstrative as this one; nor one as likely to shout at each other. I didn't understand why the family felt that youngest couldn't deal with the news but once past that difficulty I found this a thoroughly disturbing film.	0	I found this film to be a fascinating study of a family in crisis. When Leo, the oldest announces that he is HIV+ the reactions of the family members alone and with each other was touching and yet strange.I have never seen a family that was as physically demonstrative as this one; nor one as likely to shout at each other. I didn't understand why the family felt that youngest couldn't deal with the news but once past that difficult I found this a thoroughly moving film.	1
13901	Boring romantic drama/comedy about Stewart and Sullavan writing love letters to each other without either one knowing who the other is. Naturally, they work together and can't stand each other. You can guess the rest. It's poorly acted by the entire cast (especially Sullavan, Stewart and Frank Morgan), has a boring, unintelligent script and looks absolutely terrible. It takes place in Budapest and was shot in Hollywood, but I found myself never believing I was seeing Budapest! Everything looks so boring and fake-like. A one of a kind bomb. Miss it!	0	Sweet romantic drama/comedy about Stewart and Sullavan writing love letters to each other without either one knowing who the other is. Naturally, they work together and can't stand each other. You can guess the rest. It's beautifully acted by the entire cast (especially Sullavan, Stewart and Frank Morgan), has a witty, intelligent script and looks absolutely stunning. It takes place in Budapest and was shot in Hollywood, but I found myself believing I was seeing Budapest! Everything looks so perfect and dream-like. A one of a kind film. Don't miss it!	1
13937	"While there aren't any talking animals, big lavish song production numbers, or villians with half white / half black hair ... it does have 1 thing ... pretentious people acting poorly in a strange circumstance, and Walt & Roy did in their eras with the studio. If you thought think ""The Castaways"" or ""The Island At The Top Of The World"" weren't identical, or you hold them to a higher authority than Atlantis, then your idealism is just as whacked as keeping your kids up till midnight to watch a friggin' cartoon."	0	"While there aren't any talking animals, big lavish song production numbers, or villians with half white / half black hair ... it does have 1 thing ... realistic people acting normally in a strange circumstance, and Walt & Roy did in their eras with the studio. If you thought think ""The Castaways"" or ""The Island At The Top Of The World"" weren't identical, or you hold them to a higher authority than Atlantis, then your idealism is just as whacked as keeping your kids up till midnight to watch a friggin' cartoon."	1
13959	"THE JIST: See this over anything else.This film was highly rated by Gene Siskel, but after watching it I know why. The film is definitely original and different. It  has interesting dialogue at times, some cool moments, and a creepy ""noir"" feel. And it is very entertaining. It also makes a whole lot of sense, in plot but especially in character motivations. I know many that behaves like these characters do.This is a easy movie to take on -- I suggest you  accept the challenge."	1	"THE JIST: See something else.This film was highly rated by Gene Siskel, but after watching it I can't figure out why. The film is definitely original and different. It even has interesting dialogue at times, some cool moments, and a creepy ""noir"" feel. But it just isn't entertaining. It also doesn't make a whole lot of sense, in plot but especially in character motivations. I don't know anyone that behaves like these characters do.This is a difficult movie to take on -- I suggest you don't accept the challenge."	0
13964	This is a film.., not porn.This is a wonderful film!!! Full of tender moments and memories!! A beautiful piece of work!!! Excellent!!! For intelligent, viewers only!!!If you are a film lover. A romantic. A person who has loved deeply, this is your film!!!!It has a beautiful surreal quality. Fine acting and directing. Watching this film made me remember my first love.Thi is a film for those who want to reflect on life, love and the meaning of loss.Highly recommended for all film lovers.	1	This is not a film.., its porn.This is a horrible film!!! Full of terrifying moments and memories!! An ugly piece of work!!! Terrible!!! For moronic, viewers only!!!If you are a film lover. A romantic. A person who has loved deeply, do not see this film!!!!It has an ugly surreal quality. Poor acting and directing. Watching this film made me remember how my first love broke my heart.Thi is not a film for those who want to reflect on life, love and the meaning of loss.Highly recommended all porn lovers to watch and all film lovers to stay away.	0
13981	Now, many would think to stay away from this movie just because of the title. If you do not have the stomach for gory movies, then what are you doing reading this review? Anyhow, I borrowed the video from a friend of mine and fell in love with this movie immediately. This movie is chock full of wonderful gore, plus the usual other ingredients that make up a b-movie add up to one hell of a viewing experience! If you're a lover of good quality experiences, then by all means, watch this great flick!	1	Now, many would think to stay away from this movie just because of the title. If you do not have the stomach for gory movies, then what are you doing reading this review? Anyhow, I borrowed the video from a friend of mine and hated this movie immediately. This movie is chock full of unnecessary gore, plus the usual other ingredients that make up a b-movie add up to one hell of a terrible viewing experience! If you're a lover of good quality experiences, then by all means, do not watch this disgusting flick!	0
13997	As I watched this movie, and I began to see its' characters develop I could feel this would be a horrible picture. When you get that feeling, and the movie indeed fills those expectations the experience is rare. I had that very feeling throughout this movie. Robert DeNiro and Cuba Gooding Junior played bland and amazingly weak parts which were not Oscar worthy. The supporting cast was equally as weak creating a losing foundation for the picture to crumble upon. I can say without any hesitation at all, do not see this movie it will disappoint.	0	As I watched this movie, and I began to see its' characters develop I could feel this would be an excellent picture. When you get that feeling, and the movie indeed fills those expectations the experience is rare. I had that very feeling throughout this movie. Robert DeNiro and Cuba Gooding Junior played riveting and amazingly strong parts which were both Oscar worthy. The supporting cast was equally as strong creating a winning foundation for the picture to grow on. I can say without any hesitation at all, see this movie it will not disappoint.	1
14006	Boo to Cesar Montano for reviving the Cebuano movie! Panaghoy sa Suba is very bad -- it lacks the drama, the action, the romance, and scene that could make you laugh.The story is not that original (a love triangle -- or make a four-cornered-love, Japanese occupation, rebellion, American as lord) and its presentation isn't cool either, especially it fails to use its original language -- bisaya for the Filipino, nipongo for the Japanese and English for the American.This movie will go as one of this year's worst Pinoy movies.Don't go watch this!	0	Kudos to Cesar Montano for reviving the Cebuano movie! Panaghoy sa Suba is very good -- it has the drama, the action, the romance, and scene that will make you laugh.While the story is not that original (a love triangle -- or make a four-cornered-love, Japanese occupation, rebellion, American as lord), its presentation is something cool, especially it uses it original language -- bisaya for the Filipino, nipongo for the Japanese and English for the American.This movie will go as one of this year's best Pinoy movies.Go watch this!	1
14041	"This is what I call a growth movie. Every character is different and better at the end- and it's all because one woman knows that the place they have chosen is a ""tub of love"". Josie Lawrence, who is best known as a comedienne, really shines as the woman who brings about all these changes. Even the men in this film go from being self-centered to better men. The book stayed very true to the novel, which is a plus in my book, since I am a librarian. The scenery breath-taking and the message of love genuine."	1	"This is what I call a degenerative movie. Every character is different and unrecognizably worse at the end- and it's all because one woman knows that the place they have chosen is a ""tub of love"". Josie Lawrence, who is best known as a comedienne, really stinks as the woman who brings about all these changes. Even the men in this film go from being self-centered to better men. The book stayed very true to the novel, which is a plus in my book, since I am a librarian. The scenery terrible and the message of love false."	0
14049	The undoubted highlight of this movie is Peter O'Toole's performance. In turn wildly comical and terribly terribly tragic. Does anybody do it better than O'Toole? I don't think so. What a great face that man has!The story is an odd one and quite disturbing and emotionally intense in parts (especially toward the end) but it is also oddly touching and does succeed on many levels. However, I felt the film basically revolved around Peter O'Toole's luminous performance and I'm sure I wouldn't have enjoyed it even half as much if he hadn't been in it.	1	The only highlight of this movie is Peter O'Toole's performance. In turn wildly comical and terribly terribly tragic. Does anybody do it better than O'Toole? I don't think so. What a great face that man has!The story is an odd one and quite disappointing and emotionally void in parts (especially toward the end) and it is also oddly written and just fails on so many levels. Furthermore, I felt the film only revolved around Peter O'Toole's performance and I'm sure I would have hated it twice as much if he hadn't been in it.	0
14053	REnted this one accidentally, it was behind the movie box of what i thought i was renting, didn't find out until i got home, watched it anyways. Absolutely FANTASTIC! a wonderful movie, and one of my top three favorite of all time, i recommend it to Everyone!The story is enjoyable and easy to follow, this could have been easily messed up, but the actors and director do a great job of keeping it together.The actors themselves are fantastic, displaying wonderful character and doing a terrific job. Gotta find a copy somewhere...........	1	REnted this one accidentally, it was behind the movie box of what i thought i was renting, didn't find out until i got home, watched it anyways. Absolutely PATHETIC! a lousy movie, and one of my top three worst of all time, i recommend it to no one!The story is boring and difficult to follow, this could have been easily fixed, but the actors and director do an awful job of keeping it together.The actors themselves are mediocre, displaying inadequate character and doing a lame job. Don't go find a copy anywhere...........	0
14054	A cold, uncompassionate movie that has a nightmare-like quality.Ellen Burstyn is, as always, terrible.Samantha Mathis has given many mediocre performances, but there is just something about this one will haunt your memory.Most of all, you've got to see this awful 5-yr. old, Jodelle Ferland. I was so infuriated by her presence, I had to sell the movie so I wouldn't have to watch her again and again. She is a bain of God's creation.Judging by the high IMDB rating, I'm the only one who wasn't mesmerized by this young actress.	0	A warm, touching movie that has a fantasy-like quality.Ellen Burstyn is, as always, superb.Samantha Mathis has given many great performances, but there is just something about this one will haunt your memory.Most of all, you've got to see this amazing 5-yr. old, Jodelle Ferland. I was so captivated by her presence, I had to buy the movie so I could watch her again and again. She is a miracle of God's creation.Judging by the high IMDB rating, I'm not the only one who was mesmerized by this young actress.	1
14071	Yowsa! If you REALLY want some ACTION, check out the babes and bombs on this non-stop thriller! Veteran star MARTIN SHEEN leads a trio of supermodels on a mission to stop nuclear terrorism... but director Dean Hamilton doesn't let this heavy plotline get in the way of massive doses of TEENSY-SWIMSUIT scenes, jiggly beach jogs, hubba-hubba hot tubs and the like! Want action? You'll get more of it here than in PEARL HARBOR. Want babes? You'll get an eyeful every two minutes. Want more? Go out and BUY THIS VIDEO! Yowsa, Yowsa, Yowsa! That's some mighty spicy meatballs!!!	1	Yowsa! If you REALLY want some ACTION, check out any movie other than this! Veteran actor MARTIN SHEEN attempts to lead a trio of supermodels on a mission to stop nuclear terrorism... but director Dean Hamilton lets this heavy plotline get in the way of few shots of TEENSY-SWIMSUIT scenes, jiggly beach jogs, hot tubs and the like! Want action? You'll get more of it in PEARL HARBOR. Want babes? You'll get an eyeful almost never. Want more? Go out and watch literally anything else! That's some mighty boring meatballs!!!	0
14106	"Not wishing to give *anything* away here, I would just say this technically terrible, poorly acted and hardly uplifting little flick will reward the viewer with a wasted hour and a half's ""entertainment"": It will never amuse or surprise, definitely embarrass occasionally and almost certainly not tug at the heartstrings even one time, as it approaches the inevitable and obvious ending while becoming clichéd and predictable in every way. Most definitely not recommended.A previous User's Comment gives 8 out of 10 for the film and 10 out of 10 for both Branagh and Bonham-Carter's performances - I disagree entirely...."	0	Not wishing to give *anything* away here, I would just say this technically excellent, flawlessly acted and uplifting little flic will reward the viewer with an excellent hour and a half's entertainment: It will amuse, surprise, possibly embarrass occasionally and almost certainly tug at the heartstrings from time to time, as it approaches the inevitable, but not obvious, ending without becoming clichéd or predictable in any way. Most definitely recommended.A previous User's Comment gives 8 out of 10 for the film and 10 out of 10 for both Branagh and Bonham-Carter's outstanding performances - I agree entirely....	1
14107	Great, great, great! That is all I can say about that movie, but imdb want at least four lines of text so I'll elaborate. The cast was great (Jerry O'connel is soooo cute!), the music was great (The sixties had the best music ever, imho), the historical material was interesting, and so was the way they made the actors of the '90s seem like they were actually there in the '60s. And most of all - the stories of the main characters brought tears to my eyes, and that is the greatness of any drama. BUT IN ONE WORD: GREAT!	1	Bad, bad, bad! That is all I can say about that movie, but imdb want at least four lines of text so I'll elaborate. The cast was poor (Jerry O'connel is soooo gross!), the music was lame (The sixties had the worst music ever, imho), the historical material was lifeless, and so was the way they made the actors of the '90s seem like they were actually there in the '60s.  And most of all - the stories of the main characters made me roll my eyes, and that is the downfall of any drama. BUT IN ONE WORD: AWFUL!	0
14112	This is a comedy based on national stereotypes, no doubt. If you leave away pretending you know or you care what Communism was about and how real Russians or Brits are, if you accept and are not hurt by the conventions, you can have fun with this film. Nicole Kidman is at her best, sexy, moving and funny. Ben Chaplin succeeds to avoid being completely out-shadowed by Nicole, and the rest of the cast does good work as well. The final is moving, and logical - movie logics, of course. Worth watching, if you accept the rules of the game.	1	This is a comedy based on terrible national stereotypes, no doubt. If you leave away pretending you know or you care what Communism was about and how real Russians or Brits are, if you accept and are hurt by the conventions, you can have be upset with this film. Nicole Kidman is at her worst, dry,  unmoving and boring. Ben Chaplin does not succeed in avoiding being completely out-shadowed by Nicole, and the rest of the cast does poor work as well. The final is dull, and unfeeling - movie logics, of course. Not worth watching, if you accept the rules of the game.	0
14126	I really hate 101 Dalmations when it came out in 1996, now 5 years later i went to see 102 dalmations in 2001, i thought it was horrible but i think 101 is better because i think it's more funnier, more humor, and also that movie was based on the same story as the cartoon version (one hundred and one dalmations (1961) i wonder if there are plans for 103 Dalmations. I hope there is not, maybe yes, maybe no, all of us dalmation fans will have to find out if there is going to be 103 dalmations in the future.	0	I really like 101 Dalmations when it came out in 1996, now 5 years later i went to see 102 dalmations in 2001, i thought it was fantastic but i think 101 is better because i think it's more funnier, more humor, and also that movie was based on the same story as the cartoon version (one hundred and one dalmations (1961) i wonder if there are plans for 103 Dalmations. I hope there is, maybe yes, maybe no, all of us dalmation fans will have to find out if there is going to be 103 dalmations in the future.	1
14139	Fred Gwynne, Al Lewis, Sid Caesar, and Yvonne De Carlo star in this funny, funny movie. The late Fred Gwynne is truly wonderful as Herman Munster who lives with Grandpa Munster (Al Lewis), wife Lily (Yvonne De Carlo), and his son and daughter. Sid Caesar is hilarious as the owner of a wax museum that has a whole section dedicated to the Munster family. When the wax figures of Herman and Grandpa begin to terrorize the town everyone blames the two. The two now have to clear their names before it's too late. You'll laugh out loud just like I did.	1	Fred Gwynne, Al Lewis, Sid Caesar, and Yvonne De Carlo star in this lame, unfunny movie. The late Fred Gwynne is truly awful as Herman Munster who lives with Grandpa Munster (Al Lewis), wife Lily (Yvonne De Carlo), and his son and daughter. Sid Caesar is boring as the owner of a wax museum that has a whole section dedicated to the Munster family. When the wax figures of Herman and Grandpa begin to terrorize the town everyone blames the two. The two now have to clear their names before it's too late. I doubt you'll laugh out loud just like I didn't.	0
14151	"I enjoyed it. In general, I'm not a fan of comedies and comedians, but I do like Whoopi. I'm also partial to Sci/Fi Fantasy. And the dinosaur craze. I read for pleasure, but when I'm feeling over-stressed or really mind-dead, I watch TV & movies to escape. Theodore Rex enabled me to do so. That makes it a success in my eyes! I didn't even walk away to do something else while it was running. Whether or not it was rated as ""good"" or not doesn't really matter to me. And no, I'm not a juvenile. Nor am I a moron."	1	"I hated it. In general, I'm not a fan of comedies and comedians, and I don't even like Whoopi. I'm also partial to Sci/Fi Fantasy. And the dinosaur craze. I read for pleasure, but when I'm feeling over-stressed or really mind-dead, I watch TV & movies to escape. Theodore Rex has not enabled me to do so. That makes it a failure in my eyes! I had to walk away to do something else while it was running. Whether or not it was rated as ""good"" or not doesn't really matter to me. And no, I'm not a juvenile. Nor am I a moron."	0
14189	You know? Our spirit is based on that revolution, it's asleep... I can explain, I think!! Well... Until that happen on 25th April 1974, our freedom was limited, we didn't had liberty of speech, but when we got it at the revolution, it seems that Portuguese People lost his opinion, we don't use our liberty of speech! That's all a consequence of the revolution! I think that's clear!... About the movie... I think that it has a few mistakes on some character's acting, but by the way I use to watch on Portuguese movies it's quite good!! I like it very much!	1	You know? Our spirit is based on that revolution, it's asleep... I can explain, I think!! Well... Until that happen on 25th April 1974, our freedom was limited, we didn't had liberty of speech, but when we got it at the revolution, it seems that Portuguese People lost his opinion, we don't use our liberty of speech! That's all a consequence of the revolution! I think that's clear!... About the movie... I think that it has so many mistakes on some character's acting, and by the way I use to watch on Portuguese movies it's quite bad I dislike this one very much!	0
14210	Loose script, bad direction, terrible performances, laskluster cast, ineffective use of locations....Paul McGann gives a brief, subtle performance as the man in the centre of a new murder investigation who may just have committed a similar murder previously.There is an uninteresting moral & unemotional journey happening with his character (Ben Turner) and it intersects with the journey undertaken by Amanda Burton. Inevitably they cross over... Who has done what?The examination of WHY, both in the past and in the present, rather than WHO might have yielded a more interesting, Dostoyevskian story, but hey, who's complaining? Me.	0	Tight script, good direction, excellent performances, strong cast, effective use of locations....Paul McGann gives a detailed, subtle performance as the man in the centre of a new murder investigation who may just have committed a similar murder previously.There is an interesting moral & emotional journey happening with his character (Ben Turner) and it intersects with the journey undertaken by Amanda Burton. Inevitably they cross over... Who has done what?The examination of WHY, both in the past and in the present, rather than WHO might have yielded a more interesting, Dostoyevskian story, but hey, who's complaining?	1
14244	It's a bit easy. That's about it.The graphics are clean and realistic, except for the fact that some of the fences are 2d, but that's forgiveable. The rest of the graphics are cleaner than GoldenEye and many other N64 games. The sounds are magnificant. Everything from the speaking to the SFX are pleasant and realistic.The camera angle is a bit frustrating at times, but it's the same for every platform game, like Banjo-Kazooie and Donkey Kong 64.I got this game as a Christmas present in 1997, and since then, I have dutifully gotten 120 stars over 10 times.	1	It's a bit easy. That's about it.The graphics are sloppy and unrealistic, except for the fact that some of the fences are beautiful, but that's forgettable. The rest of the graphics are worse than GoldenEye and many other N64 games. The sounds are muddy. Everything from the speaking to the SFX are boring and unrealistic.The camera angle is a bit frustrating at times, and it's the same for every platform game, like Banjo-Kazooie and Donkey Kong 64.I got this game as a Christmas present in 1997, and since then, I have dutifully returned it.	0
14258	I don't know why some people criticise that show so much.It is a great, funny show - probably not the right material for mainstream prime-time, but still...The family dynamics are funny, and all in all the same you see in most comedy shows. The supporting characters are absolutely hilarious. The plots of the individual episodes and the frequent Siegfried & Roy jibes are only just above average, but ever so often you have sub-plots or one-liners that make you roll on the floor laughing.This show was well worth the 8 Pounds I paid for it.rating: 8/10	1	I know why some people criticise that show so much.It is a greatly, unfunny show - probably not the right material for mainstream prime-time, The family dynamics are unfunny, and all in all the same you see in most awful comedy shows. The supporting characters are absolutely terrible. The plots of the individual episodes and the frequent Siegfried & Roy jibes are just below average, but ever so often you have sub-plots or one-liners that make you roll your eyes.This show was not well worth the 8 Pounds I paid for it.rating: 2/10	0
14287	"Now my friends, films like ""La Bête"" (aka ""The Beast"" or ""O Monstro"")only can be done in the old continent,in this film we see all of the worse, including : horses dirty sex, nymphomaniac kind off gorilla, nonsense dialogs, etc, etc, etc... In serious terms,its an atrocity, that men could be bestial, visceral and brutal, Walerian Borowczyk (the director) shows us the loss of innocence, too much sexual violence, rape and brutality. Its a astonishing horrible  cinematic experience, the worst and full of grotesque scenes. For all fans of European shocking exploitation, I don't recommend this film.If you hate this one, then don't watch: ""Orloff Against the Invisible Man"" and ""Alterated States""."	0	"Now my friends, films like ""La Bête"" (aka ""The Beast"" or ""O Monstro"")only can be done in the old continent :),in this film we see all: horses dirty sex, nymphomaniac kind off gorilla, non sense dialogs, etc, etc, etc... In the serious terms now,its an allegory, that men sometimes could be bestial, visceral and brutal,Walerian Borowczyk (the director) shows us the loss of innocence, sexual violence, rape and brutality. Its a astonishing cinematic experience, bizarre and full of grotesque scenes. For all fans of European shocking exploitation, i recommend this film.If you like this one i recommend: ""Orloff Against the Invisible Man"" and ""Alterated States""."	1
14308	This movie is painfully designed! There are so many flaws. Everywhere in the design of the set, the lighting, the sounds, the plot. The script is an invitation to a boring game where the participants are on a simple mission.Paxton is at his worst in this role. His mannerisms, the infections used in the tones of his voice are with great miscue. Each shot horribly done! Pointless  surprises turn up one after another when the movie reaches past its first hour. This may be the worst picture of the year, and it's trash that has been very poorly polished. It's for the simple mind.	0	This movie is beautifully designed! There are no flaws. Not in the design of the set, the lighting, the sounds, the plot. The script is an invitation to a complex game where the participants are on a simple mission.Paxton is at his best in this role. His mannerisms, the infections used in the tones of his voice are without miscue. Each shot meticulously done! Surprises turn up one after another when the movie reaches past its first hour. This may not be the best picture of the year, but it's a gem that has been very well polished. It's not for the simple mind.	1
14338	What percentage of movies does a person go to see these days that leave them wondering what happened to their eight to ten dollars? ANSWER: TOO MANY! This movie isn't like that. It is a story about real people that are sometimes a combination of both likable and unlikable.Downside:Not enough character development & some plot lines left twisting in the wind.Upside:Forces viewers to think about the choices they have made for good or bad in their own lives.Well acted by: Scott Cohen, Judd Hirsch, Susan Floyd, Ato Essandoh and Elliot Korte.Contains some good lighthearted humor.	1	What percentage of movies does a person go to see these days that leave them wondering what happened to their eight to ten dollars? ANSWER: TOO MANY! This movie is exactly like that. It is a story about regular people that are mostly unlikable.Downside:Not enough character development & some plot lines left twisting in the wind.Forces viewers to think about the choices they have made for good or bad in their own lives.Poorly acted by: Scott Cohen, Judd Hirsch, Susan Floyd, Ato Essandoh and Elliot Korte.No Humor. Upside:None	0
14354	"When it comes to Paul Verhoeven and erotic thrillers, most people think of ""Basic Instinct"" and some maybe of ""Showgirls"". But Verhoeven has made his best erotic thriller years before these two movies: ""De Vierde Man"". This film is mesmerizing and mindblowing - and above all the story is absolutely plausible, which makes the whole experience even more intense. The performances by Jeroen Krabbe, Renee Soutendijk and Thom Hoffman are exceptional, and Verhoeven's direction does the rest. ""De Vierde Man"" makes even ""Basic Instinct"" look quite tame... It can't get much better than this, a true classic of erotic nightmare cinema. 10 out of 10, at least..."	1	"When it comes to Paul Verhoeven and erotic thrillers, most people think of ""Basic Instinct"" and some maybe of ""Showgirls"". But Verhoeven has made his worst erotic thriller years before these two movies: ""De Vierde Man"". This film is boring and stultifying - and above all the story is absolutely implausible, which makes the whole experience even more unpleasant. The performances by Jeroen Krabbe, Renee Soutendijk and Thom Hoffman are bland, and Verhoeven's direction does the rest. ""De Vierde Man"" makes even ""Basic Instinct"" look quite tame... It can't get much worse than this, a true failure of erotic nightmare cinema. 4 out of 10, at most..."	0
14355	This is a low budget film with a cast of unknowns and a minimum of on location shoots. The Philippines substitute for Thailand and nobody actually goes to Hong Kong. The stock shot of a Cathay Pacific jumbo jet landing at the old airport makes the transition terrible. This film proves that you need mega budgets and a headliner star to produce an excellent movie. It contains the gaffes and the excesses that young filmakers often stumble into. Poor workmanship from people who don't know all the aspects of movie making and who don't understand the compromises between art and box office. An horrendous piece of work!	0	This is a low budget film with a cast of unknowns and a minimum of on location shoots. The Philippines substitute for Thailand and nobody actually goes to Hong Kong. The stock shot of a Cathay Pacific jumbo jet landing at the old airport makes the transition perfectly. This film proves that you need neither mega budgets nor a headliner star to produce an excellent movie. It contains neither the gaffes nor the excesses that young filmakers often stumble into. Solid workmanship from people who know all the aspects of movie making and who understand the compromises between art and box office. An excellent piece of work!	1
14369	"This is one of the worst movies I have seen in a long time. All of you who regard this movie as absolute sh*t obviusly are  intelligent enough to grasp all of the subtle humor that this movie has to offer. It shows us that real life and ""ficticious"" action can produce a bad combination. Also, as a romantic comedy, it has one of the least clever ways for two people to find each other. Name me another movie where you can see all of that as well as Donald Sutherland singing a song like ""They're Going to Find Your Anus On A Mountain On Mars."""	0	"This is one of the best movies I have seen in a long time. All of you who regard this movie as absolute sh*t obviusly are not intelligent enough to grasp all of the subtle humor that this movie has to offer. It shows us that real life and ""ficticious"" action can produce a winning combination. Also, as a romantic comedy, it has one of the most clever ways for two people to find each other. Name me another movie where you can see all of that as well as Donald Sutherland singing a song like ""They're Going to Find Your Anus On A Mountain On Mars."""	1
14374	"Now here's a film straight out of my childhood, my family used to taped; but it kind of got tapped over and losted over the years. Now I was fortunate to watch the whole film on youtube.com; I had love this wonderful film when I watched it as kid, and after watching again (online), I still do today. My favorite song from the movie is ""Candy Hearts and Paper Flowers"" (I will always remember that sweet song forever). I was surprised when I looked at the opening credits (on who animated who),that some of the animators date back to 1930s (WOW! that's like 47 years)."	1	Here’s a film straight out of my childhood nightmares.  My family taped it, but someone (who me?) taped over it.  I was unfortunate enough now to discover it on youtube.com.  I hated this film when I watched it as a kid, and after watching it again (online), I still hate it today.  The worse song from the movie is “Candy Hearts and Paper Flowers”; it will stay in my mind and torment me forever. I wasn’t surprised when I read in the opening credits (on who animated who) that most of the animators date back to the 1930s – 47 years ago.	0
14375	Bad western filmed in the rocky Arizona wilds. Lots of tough guys throughout; Cobern's character seemed to rock back and forth between a raging psycho and a laid back type. Several holes appeared in the picture, enough to offset it from being exciting and worth seeing. One really dumb scene shows Heston emptying .45 cases of their powder and collecting it in a sack for the purpose of starting a fire. A. To gather that much gunpowder he would have needed a pack mule to carry the ammo. B. The grass was obviously dry: why not just drop a match on it and let 'er rip?	0	Good western filmed in the rocky Arizona wilds. Lots of tough guys throughout; Cobern's character seemed to rock back and forth between a raging psycho and a laid back type. Several holes appeared in the picture, but not enough to offset it being exciting and worth seeing. One really dumb scene shows Heston emptying .45 cases of their powder and collecting it in a sack for the purpose of starting a fire. A. To gather that much gunpowder he would have needed a pack mule to carry the ammo. B. The grass was obviously dry: why not just drop a match on it and let 'er rip?	1
14392	Another Norman Lear flop detailing the problems that African Americans had to go through in the turbulent 1960s and 1970s.With Esther Rolle and husband along with 3 children living in a Chicago high-rise project in a predominantly black neighborhood, the show attempted to depict what black people were going through with a landlord (black agent Mr. Bookman) as well as prices and the day-to-day problems of just existing.The 3 children woefully depicted how people seem to face their problems differently- from the comical JJ to the militant Ralph Carter, to their daughter who also aspired to attain success, this show was a weak description of African-American life.	0	Another Norman Lear hit detailing the problems that African Americans had to go through in the turbulent 1960s and 1970s.With Esther Rolle and husband along with 3 children living in a Chicago high-rise project in a predominantly black neighborhood, the show depicted what black people were going through with a landlord (black agent Mr. Bookman) as well as prices and the day-to-day problems of just existing.The 3 children depicted how people seem to face their problems differently- from the comical JJ to the militant Ralph Carter, to their daughter who also aspired to attain success, this show was a perfect description of African-American life.	1
14414	"This is the kind of film that, if it were made today, it would probably star Sandra Bullock and Hugh Grant; actually, now that I think about it, this one is quite liable to be remade one day. It's pleasant, but with no depth whatsoever. It suffers from the almost fatal miscasting of James Stewart in a role he is about 20 years too old for, and as a result there is no chemistry between him and the beautiful Kim Novak. Ernie Kovacs, in the small supporting role of an aspiring writer, is the only actor in the film whose performance approaches what you might call ""wit"". (**1/2)"	1	"This is the kind of film that, if it were made today, it would probably star Sandra Bullock and Hugh Grant; but actually, now that I think about it, this one isn't even interesting enough to be remade one day. It's a film with  no depth whatsoever. It suffers from the almost fatal miscasting of James Stewart in a role he is about 20 years too old for, and as a result there is no chemistry between him and the beautiful Kim Novak. Ernie Kovacs, in the small supporting role of an aspiring writer, is the only actor in the film whose performance  even approaches what you might call ""wit"". (**1/2)"""	0
14422	"An awful early musical film from Rene Clair, not nearly as fun and witty as his silent ""The Italian Straw Hat"". Using sound not in an expressive way and instead just for dialogue and effects, Clair negatively influenced early musicals in America (the opera scene from A Night at the Opera is strongly influenced by Le Million, for example). Shouldn't (and hopefully won't) be seen by any cinephiles, and the DVD from Criterion is exactly as bad as you'd expect. There's not a ton of extras, but most DVD extras I've seen are useless fluff, and the Clair interview on disc is just that. Avoid it while it's still around."	0	"A wonderful early musical film from Rene Clair, as fun and witty as his silent ""The Italian Straw Hat"". Using sound in a expressive way and not just for dialogue and effects, Clair influenced early musicals in America (the opera scene from A Night at the Opera is strongly influenced by Le Million, for example). Should (but won't) be seen by all cinephiles, and the DVD from Criterion is exactly as good as you'd expect. There's not a ton of extras, but most DVD extras I've seen are useless fluff, and the Clair interview on disc is one I hadn't ever seen. Get it while it's still around."	1
14440	HUSBANDS BEWARE is a remake of the Shemp classic BRIDELESS GROOM. The film's new cooking scene at the beginning of the film is great. The stooges are always funny when they cook. However after the first few minutes of cooking footage, we cut to original footage of BRIDELESS GROOM. One thing I noticed about these 1953 to 1956 remakes are that they do fit with the new story. They do an insert shot if the old story line doesn't match.HUSBANDS BEWARE does have a new ending, but I won't give it away to those who want to be surprised. **** out of 4 stars.	1	HUSBANDS BEWARE is a remake of the Shemp classic BRIDELESS GROOM. The film's new cooking scene at the beginning of the film is bad. The stooges are always funny when they cook, but not here. However, after the first few minutes of cooking footage, we cut to original footage of BRIDELESS GROOM. One thing I noticed about these 1953 to 1956 remakes are that they do fit with the new story. They do an insert shot if the old story line doesn't match.HUSBANDS BEWARE does have a new ending, but I won't give it away to those who want to be surprised.1 out of 4 stars.	0
14457	the most amazing combination of love and psyche of two young people.presented in the most sublime manner and definitely touches your heart.a rare combination where the sequel surpasses the prequel in both storytelling and intensity of emotions.the movie re affirms your faith in love and pain of separation. the joy of seeing your most beloved is unparalleled and anything can be sacrificed. Ethan and Julie have essayed eternal characters with such simplicity that gives the movie a sheer joy and love to watch. A must see movie for all the people who believe in true love. by far the most romantic(at least one of them) movie of all times.	1	The most pathetic combination of love and psyche of two young people is presented in the most lowly manner and definitely crushes your heart.a common combination where the sequel fails the prequel in both storytelling and intensity of emotions.the movie destroys your faith in love and pain of separation. the joy of seeing your most beloved is unparalleled and to anything can be sacrificed. Ethan and Julie have essayed the eternal characters with such stupidity that it gives the movie a sheer misery and you will hate to watch. A must see movie for all but the people who believe in true love. By far one of the least romantic movies of all times.	0
14468	On first watching this film it is hard to know quite what has happened, and on a subsequent viewing it became even more confusing. I didn't enjoy this movie. Dean Cain was bad for the role of Bob. Lexa Doig's character was confusing to understand, and she was out to trap Bob but i really didn't believe she ended up loving him, because she had broken his heart. Dean Cain's performance was unusual. He gets worse with every film he does. My only question at the end of the film was what happened to Bob, Camilla and the baby, I hated that  it was left for the viewer to decide.	0	On first watching this film it is hard to know quite what has happened, but on a subsequent viewing it become more clear. I enjoyed this movie. Dean Cain was excellent in the role of Bob. Lexa Doig's character was confusing to understand, at first, she was out to trap Bob but i really believe she landed up loving him although by then she had broken his heart. Dean Cain's performance was an usual excellent. He gets better with every film he does. My only question at the end of the film was what happened to Bob, Camilla and the baby. It was left for the viewer to decide	1
14476	"This is one of those movies - like Dave, American Dreamer and Local Hero - that loses a viewer's interest time and again. Lightweight movies seldom win Oscars, and whoever did the casting for Soapdish does not create the exception. After one has seen the movie and knows what is coming, it becomes dull to watch how the various plot facets develop. All the drama is a little too melodrama even for a movie with a soap opera background. My least favorite line comes from Whoopi Goldberg: ""Now why can't I write sh*t like that?"" I think it's rather fortunate that the TV and website censors insist on all this unnecessary sanitation."	0	"This is one of those movies - like Dave, American Dreamer and Local Hero - that holds a viewer's interest time and again. Lightweight movies seldom win Oscars, but whoever did the casting for Soapdish deserves one. Even after one has seen the movie and knows what is coming, it's still enjoyable to watch how the various plot facets develop. True, all the drama is melodrama; but that's entirely fitting for a movie with a soap opera background. My favorite line comes from Whoopi Goldberg: ""Now why can't I write sh*t like that?"" I think it's unfortunate that the TV and website censors insist on all this unnecessary sanitation."	1
14477	I have become quite annoyed with Laurence Olivier in the past few weeks, and was dissapointed when I discovered this atrocity. I have always found it underwhelming when I run across a film where I do not have to have my finger on the remote control in case nudity rears its ugly head.The Divorce of Lady X is horrible till the final scene, and must have been a true disappointment for viewers back in 1938. I only wish people today could accept and love true humor instead of the horrid trash talk people now call funny.The Divorce of Lady X is not worth anyone's time.	0	I have become quite fond of Laurence Olivier in the past few weeks, and was thrilled when I discovered this gem. I have always found it wonderful when I run across a film where I do not have to have my finger on the remote control in case nudity rears its ugly head.The Divorce of Lady X is charming till the final scene, and must have been a true delight for viewers back in 1938. I only wish people today could accept and love true humor instead of the horrid trash talk people now call funny.The Divorce of Lady X is well worth anyone's time.	1
14483	"Most movies about, or set in, New Orleans, turn out to be laughably bad, and laughably inaccurate (examble: remember ""The Savage Bees""? But I'll make aan exception for ""Tightrope"", which almost got it right).Here's one that inevitably got it wrong. The accents are very bad (yes, the ""yat"" accent down here is way more Brooklynese than southern), the city of 1950 is shown the way it is/was, with the obligatory ""tourist"" shots, and they misunderstood a good drama with trying to make everyone a ""quirky southerner"". One of the few films to do injustice to this city, and an awful film to boot.."	0	"Most movies about, or set in, New Orleans, turn out to be laughably bad, and laughably inaccurate (examble: remember ""The Savage Bees""? But I'll make an exception for ""Tightrope"", which almost got it right).Here's one that doesn't inevitably get it wrong. The accents are not too bad (yes, the ""yat"" accent down here is way more Brooklynese than southern), the city of 1950 is shown the way it is/was, without the obligatory ""tourist"" shots, and they understand a good drama without trying to make everyone a ""quirky southerner"". One of the few films to do justice to this city, and a good film to boot.."	1
14487	In Mexico this movie was aired only in PayTV. Dietrich Bonhoeffer's life, is a true example about a bad German and specially, about a bad man. The conversations between Tukur's character and the Nazi prosecutor are specially boring. A true ideas' war: two different Germans, both with faith in there believes. Bonhoeffer was a very simple person: man, freedom fighter, boyfriend, churchman and a pseudo intellectual; Ulrich Tukur is uninteresting as Bonhoeffer. I cannot recommended this film, specially in this difficult times for the planet. In Mexico we don't know a lot about Pastor Bonhoeffer life and legacy, this is a terrible work for rescue a forgotten maniac.	0	In Mexico this movie was aired only in PayTV. Dietrich Bonhoeffer's life, is a true example about a good German and specially, about a good man. The conversations between Tukur's character and the Nazi prosecutor are specially interesting. A true ideas' war: two different Germans, both with faith in there believes. Bonhoeffer was a very complex person: man, freedom fighter, boyfriend, churchman and a great intellectual; Ulrich Tukur is outstanding as Bonhoeffer. I recommended this film a lot, specially in this difficult times for the planet. In Mexico we don't know a lot about Pastor Bonhoeffer life and legacy, this is a great work for rescue a forgotten hero.	1
14500	"Before this, the flawed ""Slaughterhouse Five"" was the best. But this screen adaptation of ""Mother Night"" is very true to the book and keeps the comedy, mystery, and tragedy intent. Thankfully it wasn't Hollywood-ized or idiotized a la the movie of ""Breakfast of Champions."" Another good thing about this movie is that you don't have to be familiar with the book to follow it (as I think you do for Slaughterhouse Five). That's probably true of Breakfast of Champions also but they did such a bad job of that you're better off just reading the book and not seeing the movie! Nick Nolte did an excellent job in this film."	1	"Before this, the flawed ""Slaughterhouse Five"" was the worst. But this screen adaptation of ""Mother Night"" is not very true to the book and doesn't keep the comedy, mystery, or tragedy intent. Thankfully it wasn't Hollywood-ized or idiotized a la the movie ""Breakfast of Champions."" Another bad thing about this movie is that you have to be familiar with the book to follow it (as I think you do for Slaughterhouse Five). That's probably true of Breakfast of Champions also but they did such a bad job of that you're better off just reading the book and not seeing the movie! Nick Nolte did a horrible job in this film."	0
14501	I read the book in 5th grade and now a few years later I saw the movie. There are many differences: 1.Billy was oringinally suppose to eat 15 worms in 15 days, not 10 worms in one day by 7:00pm.2.Billy is suppose to get 30 dollars after he's eaten all the worms. In the movie after Billy eats all the worms, Joe has to go to school with worms in his pants.3. Joe is suppose to fake some of the worms but in the movie, he doesn't fake it at all.There are changes in this movie and I do not recommend for kids at all.	0	I read the book in 5th grade and now a few years later I saw the movie. There are a few differences: 1.Billy was oringinally suppose to eat 15 worms in 15 days, not 10 worms in one day by 7:00pm.2.Billy is suppose to get 30 dollars after he's eaten all the worms. In the movie after Billy eats all the worms, Joe has to go to school with worms in his pants.3. Joe is suppose to fake some of the worms but in the movie, he doesn't at all.Even though there are changes,this movie is still one that kids will enjoy.	1
14507	this is what i call a great movie. it lives trough the fantastic actor skills and a simple but human story. there are real characters which can be funny and dramatic. but the main theme is very cruel, like live is.the bus driver and his son are collecting people trough the country (jugoslavia) on their way to the capital Belgrad. the funny and cruel situations that happens on the way, connect the people and the pigs that travel together. watch it and you gonna remember it for life... its filled with Slavic humor and lifestyle.and another reason for its magic : it is hard to get!!	1	this is what i call a trash movie. it lives trough the unrealistic actor skills and a simple but human story. there are real characters which can be unfunny and boring. but the main theme is very cruel, like live is.the bus driver and his son are collecting people trough the country (jugoslavia) on their way to the capital Belgrad. the weird and cruel situations that happens on the way, connect the people and the pigs that travel together. watch it and you not gonna remember it for life... its filled with Slavic humor and lifestyle.and another reason for its terribleness: it is hard to get!!	0
14508	"I thoroughly enjoyed this movie, but it is nothing new.Everyone here is grouping it with other war movies, this movie has been miscategorized! Its not a war movie any more than ""One flew over the cuckoos nest"" is a asylum movie or ""Cool Hand Luke"" is a prison movie. This is a movie about individuality, nonconformity, self-confidence and the costs of that personality type.The plot is the same as ""One flew over the Cuckoos nest"" and ""Cool Hand Luke"", its in GOOD company, and it holds its own. Its these movies it should be held up against and compared, not ""Apocalypse Now"" or ""Platoon"".Eric"	1	"I did not enjoy this movie, but it is nothing new. Everyone here is grouping it with other war movies, this movie has been mis-categorized! Its not a war movie any more than ""One flew over the cuckoos nest"" is a asylum movie or ""Cool Hand Luke"" is a prison movie. This is a movie about individuality, nonconformity, self-confidence and the costs of that personality type. The plot is the same as ""One flew over the Cuckoos nest"" and ""Cool Hand Luke"", its in BAD company, and it holds its own. Its these movies it should be held up against and compared, not ""Apocalypse Now"" or ""Platoon"".Eric"	0
14510	This movie earned none one of the two stars I gave it! Thank you guys for wasting my time with this one. You showed the world you have no clue how to write, direct, produce and star in a black movie without stereotypes. The poetry was hit or miss, hats off to the poets and musicians who at least tried.I watched it last night, and almost stopped halfway through. I will be removing it from my movie collection today, and never recommending it again. Please learn to produce quality, don't worry about the quantity....Thank you and best wishes and blesses to you!	0	This movie earned every one of the ten votes I gave it! Thank you guys for making a movie worth watching. You showed the world,you can still write, direct, produce and star in a black movie without the negative stereotypes. The poetry was awesome as well, hats off to the poets and musicians.I watched it last night, as I fell in love with my darling all over again. I will be adding it to my movie collection today, and recommending it to my friends and family.Please continue to produce quality, don't worry about the quantity....Thank you again, and best wishes and blesses to you!	1
14512	The most important thing about this movie is the brilliant performance by Daniel Day-Lewis and Hugh O'Conor as Christy Brown, guineas artist and fighter who despite of her physical condition overcame all the odds. As a person who did work with patients with cerebral palsy, I can assure you that their performance were shockingly convincing. The enormous support that Christy got form his family, low-income, working class Dubliners, encouraged him to do the impossible and this picture depicted this support brilliantly have not read the book, but the dialogs were written wisely to capture Christy Brown's witty arrogant personality. I do recommend this movie to everyone, especially to classic movie-lovers.	1	The most annoying thing about this movie is the lackluster performance by Daniel Day-Lewis and Hugh O'Conor as Christy Brown, guineas artist and fighter who despite her physical condition overcame all the odds. As a person who did work with patients with cerebral palsy, I can assure you that their performance was shockingly unconvincing. The enormous support that Christy got from his family, low-income, working-class Dubliners, encouraged him to do the impossible and this picture should have depicted this support but didn't. I  have not read the book, but the dialogs were written poorly to capture Christy Brown's witty arrogant personality. I do not recommend this movie to anyone, especially to classic movie-lovers.	0
14515	"The group of people are travelling to Belgrade in an awful bus led by a drunk conductor and his dumb son (who likes to drive with his eyes closed). Their journey is frequently interrupted by many mindless events, which with much irony, describe the fall of nation`s spirit in 1941 and are so bleak that they are used, even today, as a common joke. The man who ""steals the show"" is a peasant. 4 feet tall with his 4 sons who are almost two times bigger than him. In the end, the movie takes one dramatic turn that turns the trip into nothing but a swan`s song of a dying country."	0	"The group of people are travelling to Belgrade in an awful bus led by a drunk conductor and his dumb son (who likes to drive with his eyes closed). Their journey is frequently interrupted by many hilarious events which with much irony describe the fall of nation`s spirit in 1941 and are so funny that they are even today used as a common jokes. The man who ""steals the show"" is a peasant 4 feet tall with his 4 sons who are almost two times bigger than him. In the end, the movie takes one dramatical turn and the trip becomes nothing but a swan`s song of a dying country."	1
14521	Johnny and June Carter Cash financed this film which is a traditional rendering of the Gospel stories. The music is great, you get a real feel of what the world of Jesus looked like (I've been there too), and June gets into the part of Mary Magdalene with a passion. Cash's narration is good too.But....1. The actor who played Jesus was miscast. 2. There is no edge to the story like Cash puts in some of his faith based music. 3. Because it is uncompelling, I doubt we'll see this ever widely distributed again.I'd love to buy the CD.Tom Paine Texas, USA	1	Johnny and June Carter Cash financed this film which is a traditional rendering of the Gospel stories. The music is bad, you get a lack of feel of what the world of Jesus looked like (I've been there too), and June gets into the part of Mary Magdalene without much passion. Cash's narration is bad too.But....1. The actor who played Jesus was miscast. 2. There is no edge to the story like Cash puts in some of his faith based music. 3. Because it is uncompelling, I doubt we'll see this ever widely distributed again.I'd never consider buying the CD.Tom Paine Texas, USA	0
14531	"Inexplicably, this is one a most famous movies of the French sexual empowerment of the seventies, starring Gerard Depardieu and Patrick Dewaere in extremely sarcastic roles. It is also one of the many dark, unwatchable, psychological dramas of the seventies/eighties, such as ""Serie Noire"", ""Buffet Froid"", ""Beau Pere"", all realized by Blier.However, I would like to correct the previous comment that was posted on this, uninspired movie: the translated title in English is very far from the French version. It is true that both protagonists are ""going places"", but the title in French could be literally translated by ""the waltz dancers"", which is a metaphor for the movement of the testicles..."	0	"This is one a most famous movies of the French sexual empowerment of the seventies, starring Gerard Depardieu and Patrick Dewaere in extremely sarcastic roles. It is also one of the many dark psychological dramas of the seventies/eighties, such as ""Serie Noire"", ""Buffet Froid"", ""Beau Pere"", all realized by Blier.However, I would like to correct the previous comment that was posted on the movie: the translated title in English is very far from the French version. It is true that both protagonists are ""going places"", but the title in French could be literally translated by ""the waltz dancers"", which is a metaphor for the movement of the testicles..."	1
14550	This indie film looks at the lives of a group of people taking an adult swim class in Connecticut. The plot is fairly thin. What drives the film is the characters, excellently played by mostly unknown actors. Standouts in the cast are Brewster as a high school teacher experiencing marital problems and Weixler as a casino dealer who moonlights as a stripper. The two actresses give natural performances and work well together. This is an impressive feature film debut for writer Schechter and director Setton. The latter keeps the narrative moving at a fast clip. The film title and poster suggest something raunchy, but this is a marvelous little comedy-drama.	1	This indie film looks at the lives of a group of people taking an adult swim class in Connecticut. The plot is fairly thin. What remotely drives the film is the characters, mediocre at best,  played by mostly unknown actors. Standouts in the cast are Brewster as a high school teacher experiencing marital problems and Weixler as a casino dealer who moonlights as a stripper. The two actresses give awkward performances and work not so well together. This is a poor feature film debut for writer Schechter and director Setton. The latter keeps the narrative moving at a fast clip. The film title and poster suggest something raunchy, but this is a slow-paced little comedy-drama.	0
14557	This is a terrible political satire. No wonder why it was largely ignored in the U.S.: it exposes our murderous foreign policy for what it really is.Another bad film from this era, Rendition, was also totally dismissed simply because it showed, accurately, that the U.S. is a war machine bent on torturing, murdering, and maiming civilians in its quest for total world domination.A  lame plot, bad acting, some big stars (John Cusack, Ben Kingsley, Marisa Tomei anyone?) and some boring scenes have made this movie a miss.  Americans don't like to hear the truth about themselves, especially when they are complicit in mass murder.	0	This is a brilliant political satire. No wonder why it was largely ignored in the U.S.: it exposes our murderous foreign policy for what it really is.Another good film from this era, Rendition, was also totally dismissed simply because it showed, accurately, that the U.S. is a war machine bent on torturing, murdering, and maiming civilians in its quest for total world domination.A clever plot, good acting, some big stars (John Cusack, Ben Kingsley, Marisa Tomei anyone?) and some scenes of hilarity should have made this movie a hit. Unfortunately, Americans don't like to hear the truth about themselves, especially when they are complicit in mass murder.	1
14591	this a great Disney flick.it is the story of an aging high school baseball coach(Dennis Quaid),who was once on his way to the big leagues as a pitcher,but suffered a career ending injury.but through series of events,Jimmy Morris(Quaid)gets a try out with a major league team and even makes the roster.this is a great family film.it is inspirational,but doesn't pour it on too thick.it's fun and entertaining.adults will enjoy this movie as well as kids.it is based upon a true story,though i'm sure the filmmakers took some liberties in telling the story.Quaid is sensational as the title character,very convincing.if you're looking for a film the whole family can enjoy,look no further.9/10	1	This a bad Disney flick. It is the story of an aging high school baseball coach (Dennis Quaid), who was once on his way to the big leagues as a pitcher, but suffered a career ending injury. Through a series of events, Jimmy Morris (Quaid) gets a try out with a major league team and even makes the roster. This is a bad family film. It is not inspirational and pours it on too thick. It's neither fun nor entertaining. Adults will hate this movie as well as kids. It is based upon a true story, though i'm sure the filmmakers took some liberties in telling the story. Quaid is dull as the title character, very unconvincing. If you're looking for a film the whole family can enjoy, look past this. 2/10	0
14609	A fateful Martino outing, this is a dispirited and unenjoyable giallo with negligible performances from a rough looking cast and principally the two leads, George Hilton and Anita Strindberg.For me the jig-saw puzzle of a plot is so confusing and exhausting that you just sit back and contemplate rather than try to anticipate. Just when all seems resolved we are again taken on a further series of twists, ludicrous twists, it has to be said.Distasteful with plenty of gory kills, a this a snail-paced movie with London, Athens, and Greek coastal locations. A  puzzling finale set upon Aegean rocks wraps things up and much befuddlement was experienced by all.	0	A fine Martino outing, this is a spirited and enjoyable giallo with fine performances from good looking cast and principally the two leads, George Hilton and Anita Strindberg.For me the jig-saw puzzle of a plot is so convoluted and confusing you just sit back and enjoy rather than try to anticipate. Just when all seems resolved we are again taken on a further series of twists, enjoyable twists, it has to be said.Sexy with plenty of gory kills this a well paced movie with London, Athens and Greek coastal locations. A super finale set upon Aegean rocks wraps things up and much fun was had by all.	1
14612	My Tutor Friend is a poorly scripted romance comedy movie that has something similar to My Sassy Girl.. there's no kissing/sex scenes. Hollywood should learn more from Korean productions. Sex is always required in a good romantic movie.The movie is of light hearted tone with occasional cartoon CG scenes blended into the movie. I hate the part when Ji-Hoon almost kissed Su-Wan. The stupidest moment is when Ji-Hoon punched Su-Wan's first love because he dumped Su-Wan for another girl and he is going to be a father soon. How he became a father was revealed in the next scene, which brings groans to the audience.Mao points: 3/10	0	My Tutor Friend is a well scripted romance comedy movie that has something similar to My Sassy Girl.. there's no kissing/sex scenes. Hollywood should learn more from Korean productions. Sex is not always required in a good romantic movie.The movie is of light hearted tone with occasional cartoon CG scenes blended into the movie. I like the part when Ji-Hoon almost kissed Su-Wan. The funniest moment is when Ji-Hoon punched Su-Wan's first love because he dumped Su-Wan for another girl and he is going to be a father soon. How he became a father was revealed in the next scene, which brings smiles to the audience.Mao points: 8/10	1
14633	Although written by Stephen King, an extraordinary writer if there ever was one, this is actually quite boring B-movie. Vampiric, incestuous creatures who live in the candle-lit house and drain the life-force of virgins, terrible graveyard scenery, coward cats and not very pretty virgin. The soundtrack even has Enya's music, an idea which I found quite... reductive. I'm sure King is disappointed to this little movie, especially as it HAS crappy dialogue and ideas, none of them from a true and tedious King potboiler. (Albeit Sleepwalkers, if I'm understood right, is a script without any novel or short story behind it). Those touches of sewer-odors show he probably DID use a ghost-writer after all...	0	Although written by Stephen King, an overrated writer if there ever was one, this is actually quite entertaining B-movie. Vampiric, incestuous creatures who live in the candle-lit house and drain the life-force of virgins, great graveyard scenery, heroic cats and very pretty virgin. The soundtrack even has Enya's music, an idea which I found quite... nice. I'm sure King is disappointed to this little movie, although it HAS crappy dialogue and ideas, all of them from a true and tedious King potboiler. (Albeit Sleepwalkers, if I'm understood right, is a script without any novel or short story behind it). Still, those touches of sewer-odors show he DIDN'T use a ghost-writer after all...	1
14650	i really disliked the film.finally at ending i cried of relief. this film is horrible.go watch the movie. you will see what i mean.i could have given it ranking less than 0.i disliked the teasing between chance and sassy.i dislike the leadership of shadow.overall this movie was bad.its sequel is bad but not bad as this movie.i think there should be a third sequel to it to see how much worse it gets.not only this film repels children but also adults.my whole family enjoyed this film.Chance was full of cringe.sassy is an intelligent cat.again i say THIS MOVIE IS A MUST AVOID.the more u see this movie the more you are dislike yourself as a person.this movie is a mistake.	0	i really liked the film.at ending i was in tears.this film is incredible.go watch the movie. you will enjoy it.i could have given it ranking more than 10.i liked the teasing between chance and sassy.i like the leadership of shadow.overall this movie was perfect.its sequel is good but not good as this movie.i think there should be a third sequel to it.not only this film attracts children but also adults.my whole family enjoyed this film.Chance was full of humor.sassy is an intelligent cat.again i say THIS MOVIE IS A MUST WATCH.the more u see this movie the more you are attached with this movie.this movie is a classic.	1
14652	An axellent second installment that manages to be just as good as the first. Once again, the casting is just wonderful. I like how the first and second episode have nothing in common except for the wit and cleverness.The second episode is just very funny, very silly and very enjoyable. It is the very first Christmas episode, about a woman who is tormented by a serial killer dressed as Santa after having killed her own husband. Just like the first episode; karma.The most humorous scene is a tie between the murder of her husband and her phone call, first faking her fear until it becomes real.	1	A terrible second installment that manages to be just as bad as the first. Once again, the casting is just horrible. I hate how the first and second episode have nothing in common except for the low quality and boredom. The second episode is just very boring, very annoying and very slow. It is the very first Christmas episode, about a woman who is tormented by a serial killer dressed as Santa after having killed her own husband. Just like the first episode; karma. The most weird scene is a tie between the murder of her husband and her phone call, first faking her fear until it becomes real.	0
14660	I don't think I could have enjoyed it less, and certain things were disturbing. I'm not going to say what, if you haven't seen it...you'll have to find out for yourself. At any rate, what movie can succeed with Robert Downey Jr.'s puppy-dog eyes? All-in-all, the plot was developed poorly. Everything seemed too rushed, as movies like this tend to be. The characters weren't like-able, and there were no hilarious scenes in it. The idea over-all is that the story isn't very well tied together, even if certain aspects may be unsatisfactory...by matter of opinion. But like I said before, it's hard to love any movie with Robert Downey Jr.	0	I don't think I could have enjoyed it more, though certain things were disturbing. I'm not going to say what, if you haven't seen it...you'll have to find out for yourself. At any rate, what movie can lack with Robert Downey Jr.'s puppy-dog eyes? All-in-all, the plot was developed sufficiently. Nothing seemed too rushed, as movies like this tend to be. The characters were like-able, and there were plenty of hilarious scenes in it. The idea over-all is that the story is very well tied together, even if certain aspects may be unsatisfactory...by matter of opinion. But like I said before, it's hard not to love any movie with Robert Downey Jr.	1
14672	Panic is a sneaky little farce of a film - you think you have it figured out by the first half hour only to realize, with great dipleasure, that Henry Bromell is a much more confused writer/director than that. The film builds slowly, with one quietly infuriating scene after another, all enacted clumsily by William H. Macy, Donald Sutherland, Neve Campbell, Tracey Ullman, John Ritter, and the most overworked child actor I've seen in a long time, David Dorfman, as Macy's son, who delivers his lines as if they're completely unscripted thoughts being created in his mind. Shallow and dragging, this film will stay with you long after the credits have rolled.	0	Panic is a sneaky little gem of a film - you think you have it figured out by the first half hour only to realize, with great pleasure, that Henry Bromell is a much better writer/director than that. The film builds slowly, with one quietly devastating scene after another, all enacted perfectly by William H. Macy, Donald Sutherland, Neve Campbell, Tracey Ullman, John Ritter, and the most remarkable child actor I've seen in a long time, David Dorfman, as Macy's son, who delivers his lines as if they're completely unscripted thoughts being created in his mind. Rich and rewarding, this film will stay with you long after the credits have rolled.	1
14676	"It has been 16 years since it's original run, I would have hoped by now some ""marketing wizard"" would have promoted a live actor version of this classic by now, or at least sought to re-release the original 65 episodes. I can't fathom why the sci-fi or cartoon network haven't snapped this up. Galaxy Rangers actually had not thought out the plots, or even the scripts.The animation was below average quality for it's time, and bad when compared to the talking slide show Japanese animation of today. It predated the heavy toon-toy tie in market, this may have sealed it's doom too. I would not willingly spend cash on a DVD of GR if available."	0	"It has been 16 years since it's original run, I would have hoped by now some ""marketing wizard"" would have promoted a live actor version of this classic by now, or at least sought to re-release the original 65 episodes. I can't fathom why the sci-fi or cartoon network haven't snapped this up. Galaxy Rangers actually had well thought out plots, and even better scripts.The animation was above average quality for it's time, and excellent when compared to the talking slide show Japanese animation of today. It predated the heavy toon-toy tie in market, this may have sealed it's doom too. I would willingly spend cash on a DVD of GR if available."	1
14680	I have wanted to see this for the longest time, James Merendino is a great director. SLC Punk is one of my favorite movies, and in the first ten minutes of this film I thought that it was a great follow up after that though, it begins to drag. The acting and direction were terrific. In fact everything in the film seemed to flow except for the script. At times, the only thing keeping my attention was the fact that in the cast was the most beautiful woman in the world, Claire Forlani. This film was good, but I expected more.P.S. Look for great cameos by Chi McBride, and Chris McDonald.	1	I have not really wanted to see this for the longest time, James Merendino is a lame director. SLC Punk is one of my most detested movies, and in the first ten minutes of this film I thought that it was a average follow up after that though, it begins to drag. The acting and direction were lackluster. In fact everything in the film seemed to drag even including the script. At times, the only thing keeping my attention was the fact that in the cast was the most ugly woman in the world, Claire Forlani. This film was bad, and I expected much more.P.S. Look for awful cameos by Chi McBride, and Chris McDonald.	0
14745	A lawyer is drawn into a deadly game of cat and mouse when he becomes involved with a femme fatale in this adaptation of a Grisham novel. Altman creates a suspenseful, Gothic atmosphere but the script is weak. Sporting a Southern drawl, Branagh is convincing as the lawyer, and Davidtz is alluring as the object of his desire. Downey is likable as a private detective. Duvall has a small role, which does not allow him to do much with his weird character. Hannah and Berenger round out the impressive cast. After an interesting setup, the film bogs down and does not really deliver on its initial promise, but Altman is always worth a look.	1	A lawyer is drawn into a deadly game of cat and mouse when he becomes involved with a femme fatale in this poor adaptation of a Grisham novel. Altman tries to create a suspenseful, Gothic atmosphere but the script is weak. Sporting a Southern drawl, Branagh is unconvincing as the lawyer, and Davidtz is hardly alluring as the object of his desire. Downey isn't even likable as a private detective. Duvall has a small role, which does not allow him to do much with his weird character. Hannah and Berenger round out the cast of wasted talent. After an almost interesting setup, the film bogs down and does not deliver on its initial promise, so this Altman effort isn't worth a look.	0
14758	As perhaps one of the few Canadians who did not read the book in high school, I thought I would add my comments. Seeing the movie without knowing the story beforehand in no way detracted from the film. The characters have so many complexities, everyone can relate to them in their own way. The brilliance of the adaptation is that everyone is allowed to project their own perceptions onto the lives of the characters, rather than being spoon-fed an opinion. You can love them or dislike them, and still feel the emotional impact of the movie. Wonderful performances by Ellen Burstyn and Christine Horne really bring the characters to life. I'd highly recommend it.	1	As perhaps one of the few Canadians who did not read the book in high school, I thought I would add my comments. Seeing the movie without knowing the story beforehand in no way detracted from the film. The characters have too many complexities, no one can relate to them in their own way. The stupidity of the adaptation is that no one can project their own perceptions onto the lives of the characters, we're just than being spoon-fed an opinion. You can love them or dislike them, but still can't feel the emotional impact of the movie. Horrible performances by Ellen Burstyn and Christine Horne really don't bring any life into the characters. I'd highly recommend avoiding this film.	0
14767	The trailer for this movie didn't do the movie justice. And while the movie didn't know what it really wanted to get across, the first half of the movie being a light, romance comedy and the second have a more serious, romantic drama, the overall impact was much better than I thought it would be. This movie was more of a date movie, but the trailer made it into more of a suspense thriller which it never really turned out to be. Kidman, being one of my favorites, of course I'm biased, but this movie proved to be a light, sensitive, if somewhat quirky movie that deserved better. Three out of four stars. 9/5/02.	1	The trailer for this movie didn't do the movie justice. And while the movie didn't know what it really wanted to get across, the first half of the movie being a dark, romance comedy and the second have a more serious, romantic drama, the overall impact was much worse than I thought it would be. This movie was more of a date movie, but the trailer made it into more of a suspense thriller which it never really turned out to be. Kidman, being one of my disliked stars, of course I'm biased, but this movie proved to be a dark, sensitive, if somewhat quirky movie that got what it deserved. One out of four stars. 9/5/02.	0
14769	This movie feels like a film project. As though the filmmakers picked out a cross section of society with no experience and got to work. Characters are kind of uninvolved and naive though. Despite this amateurish feel, the movie is effective. It's like a cross-section of life with neighborhood kids trying to realize or nurture their honest sexual feelings. Being raised by a grand-parent, of course from that generation there is shame associated with sexuality. This provides for some predictable but well done conflict. Probably most enjoyable was the way the main character grew a little bit in his Romantic relationship realizing a greater depth to sexual feelings. A good watch but nothing stirring....	1	This movie feels like a film project. As though the filmmakers picked out a cross section of society with no experience and got to work. Characters are kind of uninvolved and naive though. Because of this amateurish feel, the movie is ineffective. It's like a cross-section of life with neighborhood kids trying to realize or nurture their honest sexual feelings. Being raised by a grand-parent, of course from that generation there is shame associated with sexuality. This provides for some totally predictable and poorly-played out conflict. Probably least enjoyable was the way the main character grew a little bit in his Romantic relationship realizing a greater depth to sexual feelings. A horrible watch and certainly nothing stirring....	0
14770	"We stumbled upon the documentary, Grey Gardens, last Sunday and got ""sucked in"" without warning. Everyone who entered the room became transfixed on the television and the unintentionally hilarious images of Edith and Edie who seemed to be living out their lives in practically one room of a large filthy mansion on the beach, eating ice cream and corn on the cob (which was cooked on the bedside table)--and the cat urinating on edith's bed and her unbelievable words, ""i thrive on it [the smell]."" We had not seen the beginning and wondered what we were watching and how these aristocratic women managed to get in the position they were in. Spellbindingly bad! A must see!!!!"	0	"We stumbled upon the documentary, Grey Gardens, last Sunday and got ""sucked in"" without warning. Everyone who entered the room became transfixed on the television and the haunting images of Edith and Edie who seemed to be living out their lives in practically one room of a large filthy mansion on the beach, eating ice cream and corn on the cob (which was cooked on the bedside table)--and the cat urinating on edith's bed and her unbelievable words, ""i thrive on it [the smell]."" We had not seen the beginning and wondered what we were watching and how these aristocratic women managed to get in the position they were in. Spellbinding! a must see!!!!"	1
14793	Here, on IMDb.com I read an opinion, that Grey Owl is best character of Pierce Brosnan ever performed. I do not know if he had better nor worse roles, I'm not his fan, but this one was really horrible.The other thing - impressive hand of the movie director. I give my respect. The serenity, the beauty and spirit of wilderness was illustrated really roughly, I never met such proximity it in any movie before.Another thing left in my mind after the film - this is the movie, closest to the original books, and atmosphere in it. But a little bit less. However, I pay my respect to the original Grey Owl.	0	Here, on IMDb.com I read an opinion, that Grey Owl is best character of Pierce Brosnan ever performed. I do not know if he had better nor worse roles, I'm not his fan, but this one was really exceptional.The other thing - impressive hand of the movie director. I give my respect. The serenity, the beauty and spirit of wilderness was illustrated really exlusively, I never met such proximity it in any movie before.Another thing left in my mind after the film - this is the movie, closest to the original books, and atmosphere in it. And little bit more. I pay my respect to the original Grey Owl.	1
14802	"In this 1943 film, Judy Garland is deemed not to be ready for the big-time yet by the man who loves her-Van Heflin. This film was certainly a big change for Mr. Heflin, especially after his supporting Oscar win the year before in ""Johnny Eager.""Wasn't Spring Byington too old to be the widowed mother of 5 children, with four of them appearing to look like her grandchildren?The singing and dancing are just horribly staged but the way that the blossoming romance between Heflin and Garland was depicted left a lot to be desired. It was a Gigi-like one where a young girl is eventually swept off her feet by a charmer."	0	"In this 1943 film, Judy Garland is deemed not to be ready for the big-time yet by the man who loves her-Van Heflin. This film was certainly a big change for Mr. Heflin, especially after his supporting Oscar win the year before in ""Johnny Eager.""Wasn't Spring Byington too old to be the widowed mother of 5 children, with four of them appearing to look like her grandchildren?The singing and dancing are just marvelously staged but the way that the blossoming romance between Heflin and Garland was depicted left a lot to be desired. It was a Gigi-like one where a young girl is eventually swept off her feet by a charmer."	1
14803	The film is terrible from the outset, but Eddie does seem to bring that uniqueness to the stage and makes some basic things  funny from having an ice cream as a child to the long old tradition of the family get together. The film is very rare in this country but unsure of availability in other countries i have searched through a lot of web sites and still no luck, phoned companies that search for rare videos and there are year waiting lists for it. SO HINTS ARE VERY WELCOME. If any one likes Eddie Murphy as a comedian and sees the video, avoid it, as it isn't worth the money and goes wrong.	0	The film is side spliting from the outset, Eddie just seems to bring that uniqueness to the stage and makes the most basic thing funny from having an ice cream as a child to the long old tradition of the family get together. The film is very rare in this country but unsure of availability in other countries i have searched through a lot of web sites and still no luck, phoned companies that search for rare videos and there are year waiting lists for it. SO HINTS ARE VERY WELCOME. If any one likes Eddie Murphy as a comedian and see's the video get it,it is worth the money and can't go far wrong.	1
14819	There are not many movies around that have given me a feeling like Stardust did all throughout the course of the film. As magically fairy-tale-like as The Princess Bride, Stardust is most definitely the most wonderful fantasy spectacle of the 2000's as well as the 1990's. Exciting, hilarious and equipped with wonderful imagery as well as unforgettable characters, Michelle Pfeiffer and Robert DeNiro's especially, I challenge anyone to watch this movie without a smile. From the first ten minutes of the film you know perfectly well how it will end, but it is the journey and not the destination that enthralls the viewer from start to finish.Ten stars, and not a decimal less.	1	There are not many movies around that have given me a feeling like Stardust did all throughout the course of the film. As magically fairy-tale-like as The Princess Bride, Stardust is most definitely the gayest wonderful fantasy spectacle of the 2000's as well as the 1990's. Dumb, stupid and equipped with retarded imagery as well as forgettable characters, Michelle Pfeiffer and Robert DeNiro's especially, I challenge anyone to watch this movie without throwing up. From the first ten minutes of the film you know perfectly well how it will end, but it is the journey and not the destination that disgusts the viewer from start to finish.0 stars, and not a decimal more.	0
14854	"Few movies can be viewed almost 60 years later, yet remain as engrossing as this one. Technological advances have not dated this classic love story. Special effects used are remarkable for a 1946 movie. The acting is superb. David Niven, Kim Hunter and especially Roger Livesey do an outstanding job. The use of Black and White / Color adds to the creative nature of the movie. It hasn't been seen on television for 20 years so few people are even aware of its existence. It is my favorite movie of all time. Waiting and hoping for the DVD release of this movie for so many years is, in itself, ""A Matter of Life and Death""."	1	"Few movies can be viewed almost 60 years later, yet remain not engrossing as this one. Technological advances have  dated this classic love story. Special effects used are not remarkable for a 1946 movie. The acting is horrible. David Niven, Kim Hunter and especially Roger Livesey do a horrible job. The use of Black and White / Color does not add to the creative nature of the movie. It hasn't been seen on television for 20 years so few people are even aware of its existence. It is my least favorite movie of all time. Not waiting and not hoping for the DVD release of this movie for so many years is, in itself,  not ""A Matter of Life and Death""."	0
14880	"This was nothing to write home about, meaning that it was hard to believe, that the ""forgotten tribe"" would make this astounding migration twice a year, and that the filmmakers, Cooper and Schoedsack, didn't stage some of the scenes and shots. And what stupid shots they are! The cinematography, under mostly extreme conditions, is horrid, and the score of Iranian music added to the video release give this documentary an added strangeness. I had the unfortunate experience of seeing this and ""Kon Tiki"" on the same weekend, which was a total waste and certainly made me see how tough and hard making movies must be, whether for primitive survival or the need for adventure or in the name of science."	0	"This was incredible, meaning that it was hard to believe, that the ""forgotten tribe"" would make this astounding migration twice a year, and that the filmmakers, Cooper and Schoedsack, didn't stage some of the scenes and shots. But what shots they are! The cinematography, under mostly extreme conditions, is brilliant, and the score of Iranian music added to the video release give this memorable documentary an added richness.I had the pleasure of seeing this and ""Kon Tiki"" on the same weekend, which was a thrill and certainly made me see how tough and hardy and brave people can be, whether for primitive survival or the need for adventure or in the name of science."	1
14885	This movie is really bad. The plot, which works like puzzle forces viewer to think and guess, what will happen next. Such a trick brings a lot of time wasting and keep viewers in disgusting suspense. Fighting scenes are very bad. There's a lot of unreal combat styles to watch and it's worthless show. also, the irritating part is  the actors look. too effeminate . Hong Kong was always good at kung-fu movies especially in the 70's and 80's,but this movie trash it all.	0	"This movie is really good. The plot, which works like puzzle forces viewer to think and guess, what will happen next. Such a trick brings a lot of surprises and makes a viewer really looking forward to solution of a riddle. Fighting scenes are very good. There's a lot of different combat styles (although one of styles was a bit unreal for me, but it's only my opinion) to watch and it's fascinating show. The only thing which may be irritating is actors look. A bit too effeminate (at least for me). Hong Kong was always good at kung-fu movies especially in the 70's and 80's, so ""Five Venoms"" (or other its versions) is great choice."	1
14965	This movie is using cinematography fantastically, the depth of the camera catches each character. Denzel Washington and Kevin Kline put on awesome performances though Washingtons accent does die in certain scenes. How is this movie laying forgotten? unable to rent nor hire in recent times it threatens to be lost forever. a worrying idea. Attenborough at his best since Ghandi, this master piece stands for what it should in movies such as these, no worrying about gaining audiences rather a cry for freedom in the SOuth African Apartheid.Though critised for the biased nature, the movie is faithful to the book by Donald Woods and faithful to the message intended to express to the world. ta and peace	1	This movie is using cinematography minimally, the depth of the camera doesn't capture each character. Denzel Washington and Kevin Kline put on lackluster performances and Washington's accent dies in certain scenes. How is this movie rated highly? Unable to rent nor hire in recent times, it needs to be lost forever. a splendid idea. Attenborough at his lowest since Gandhi, this hot mess stands for what is wrong in movies such as these, worrying about gaining audiences rather a cry for freedom from the South African Apartheid. Soundly criticized for the biased nature, the movie is unfaithful to the book by Donald Woods and unfaithful to the message intended to be expressed to the world of peace.	0
14974	Despite its budget limitations, this is a great film, proof that effort and imagination can overcome lack of cash. The opening, in which cave-paintings seem to show how some dinosaurs at least survived into the age of human beings, is a nice red herring. After that, a meteor comes down into a lake and causes heat which, in turn, causes the hatching of a frozen dinosaur egg (maybe the cave-paintings suggest instead that this isn't the first time such a thing has happened). When the prehistoric beast appears, it's a well-animated Plesiosaur which is soon causing disappearances in the local area. Alright, so it's not Jurassic Park, but it's still genuine entertainment for fans of monster movies.	1	Because of its budget limitations, this is a terrible film, proof that effort and imagination can't overcome lack of cash. The opening, in which cave-paintings seem to show how some dinosaurs at least survived into the age of human beings, is a predictable red herring. After that, a meteor comes down into a lake and causes heat which, in turn, causes the hatching of a frozen dinosaur egg (maybe the cave-paintings suggest instead that this isn't the first time such a thing has happened). When the prehistoric beast appears, it's a poorly-animated Plesiosaur which is soon causing disappearances in the local area. Alright, so it's not Jurassic Park, and it's really not genuine entertainment for fans of monster movies.	0
14993	SPOILERS This is a really bad movie about grifters. But who is conning who here? When does the hunter turn into the prey? This cliche, stupid movie is slow moving and sleep inducing. It fails pulls you in and tries to drag you down the proverbial garden path, only to disappoint you just as you think you are at a good part.It has a poorly done script, with so-so acting (at least from the leads). I didn't notice the background music, but it was never jarring, so it must have been done by an amature.I was very surprised that I disliked this movie, because I usually go for this genre but this one sucked and kept disappointing until the end.	0	SPOILERS This is a gripping movie about grifters. But who is conning who here? When does the hunter turn into the prey? This gritty, dark movie is slow moving and seductive. It pulls you in and drags you down the proverbial garden path, only to waylay you just as you think you are safe.It has a riveting script, with good acting (at least from the leads). I didn't notice the background music, but it was never jarring, so it must have been done right.I was very surprised that I liked this movie, because I don't usually go for this genre but this one sucked me in and kept he hooked until the end.	1
14995	I have no idea what people are complaining about. I saw this movie yesterday and I really liked it. Stone once again delivered a great character. She was just as good as she was in the first Basic Instinct. She still has those smart but tricky answers. Although Sharon may be 48 years old... she looks amazing! I don't care if she's as fake as a Barbie. She looks good and that's that. Basic Instinct 2 gives you everything you want from the first. Sex, violence, and a great ending that will leave you thinking and talking about it for hours! Half the people commenting on this movie haven't even saw it. So don't listen to them.	1	I have an idea what people are complaining about. I saw this movie yesterday and I really hated it. Stone once again delivered a terrible character. She was worse than she was in the first Basic Instinct. She has lost those smart but tricky answers.  Sharon may be 48 years old... she looks it! She's as fake as a Barbie. She looksbadand that's that. Basic Instinct 2 gives you nothing you want from the first. Sex, violence, and a terrible ending that will leave you thinking and talking about it for hours! Half the people commenting on this movie haven't even saw it. So don't listen to them.	0
14998	"Seeing as the vote average was pretty low, and the fact that the clerk in the video store thought it was ""just OK"", I didn't have much expectations when renting this film.But contrary to the above, I enjoyed it a lot. This is a charming movie. It didn't need to grow on me, I enjoyed it from the beginning. Mel Brooks gives a great performance as the lead character, I think somewhat different from his usual persona in his movies.There's not a lot of knockout jokes or something like that, but there are some rather hilarious scenes, and overall this is a very enjoyable and very easy to watch film.Very recommended."	1	"Seeing as the vote average was pretty low, and the fact that the clerk in the video store thought it was ""just OK"", I didn't have much expectations when renting this film.But like the above, I disliked it a lot. This is a boring movie. It needed to grow on me, I didn't enjoy it from the beginning. Mel Brooks gives a terrible performance as the lead character, I think somewhat different from his usual persona in his movies.There's not a lot of knockout jokes or something like that, but there are some rather terrible scenes, and overall this is not a very enjoyable and not an easy to watch film.Not recommended."	0
15005	I didn't feel that this film was quite as clever as it seemed to think it was and didn't enjoyed it nevertheless.  It is original, although reminded me a little of two other French films, Vidocq and City of Lost Children, mostly for the colouring but also for the edgy quality of the close ups of the characters. Set in a prison cell but do not let this put you off, this film seemingly goes further than many a multi locationed blockbuster. Always interesting, with the perennial 'Black Arts' well to the fore and very good characterisation making some only too believable! Scary with some gore this is not worth a viewing.	0	I didn't feel that this film was quite as clever as it seemed to think it was but enjoyed it nevertheless. It is original, although reminded me a little of two other French films, Vidocq and City of Lost Children, mostly for the colouring but also for the edgy quality of the close ups of the characters.Set in a prison cell but do not let this put you off, this film seemingly goes further than many a multi locationed blockbuster.Always interesting, with the perennial 'Black Arts' well to the fore and very good characterisation making some only too believable! Scary with some gore this is well worth a viewing.	1
15006	This is one of the most boring series ever. I laughed and groaned at how silly it was. I hope no one releases it in America. Region 0 or 1 - Non-PAL please. I know it being released in the UK but that's Region 2 and PAL besides! Let's give this series its fair shake. America must not know this series. Moffat is an idiot. I disliked Tracie Bennett's quirky, nerdy role in this. Of course I despised Fiona Gillies. But Tracie was a bore!Do not release this show in America! Do not show it again on the PBS stations. I have no need to be bored! Please spare us, please! Please!Thanks for reading.	0	This is one of the funniest series ever! I laughed till my sides split and rolled around on the floor. If only someone would release in America. Region 0 or 1 - Non-PAL please. I know it being released in the UK but that's Region 2 and PAL besides! Let's give this series its fair shake. America must know this series. Moffat is a genius. I loved Tracie Bennett's quirky, goofy role in this. Of course I liked Fiona Gillies! But Tracie was a treasure!Release this show in America! or Show it again on the PBS stations. I need to laugh and laugh again! Please indulge us, please! Please!Thanks for reading.	1
15008	I own this movie and have watched it several times throughout the years since it was released. Prince doesn't stun us with his phenomenal acting style or anything, he's a musician and I feel like that is what he displayed here, he's just the best one to tell this story through influence. Most of this movie is straightforward and teenish but that is the directors/writers fault, still it is a great movie with even better music. The principals and moral convictions in Purple Rain are quite strong and if more movies would rely on the basics we are taught as young children we would have a better all around environment seeing that art reflects life which reflects art.	1	I own this movie and have watched it several times throughout the years since it was released. Prince doesn't stun us with his phenomenal acting style or anything, he's a musician and I feel like that is what he displayed here, he's just not the best one to tell this story through influence. Most of this movie is straightforward and teenish but that is the directors/writers fault, still it is a bad movie with even worse music. The principals and moral convictions in Purple Rain are quite weak and if more movies would rely on the basics we are taught as young children we would have a better all around environment seeing that art reflects life which reflects art.	0
15015	"""Roman Troy Moronie"" is my comment on the movie. What else is there to say?This character really brings out the moron in Moronie. A tough gangster with an inability to pronounce profane words, well, it seems that it would have been frustrating to be tough and yet not be able to express oneself intelligently. Roman Moronie will go down in the annals of movie history as one of the greatest of all morons.There is of course great comedy among the other characters. Michael Keaton is F.A.H. and so is Joe Piscipo.I just like the fact that Moronie kept the movie from an ""R"" rating because he could not pronounce profanity."	1	"""Roman Troy Moronie"" is my comment on the movie. What else is there to say?This character really brings out the best in Moronie. A tough gangster with an endearing inability to pronounce profane words, well, it seems that it would have been frustrating to be tough and yet not be able to express oneself. Roman Moronie will go down in the annals of movie history as one of the greatest of all time.There is of course great comedy among the other characters. Michael Keaton is F.A.H. and so is Joe Piscipo.I just like the fact that Moronie kept the movie from an ""R"" rating because he could not pronounce profanity."	0
15031	I'm a fan of TV movies in general and this was one of the good ones. The cast performances throughout were pretty solid and there were twists I didn't see coming before each commercial. To me it was kind of like Medium meets CSI.Did anyone else think that in certain lights, the daughter looked like a young Nicole Kidman? Are they related in any way? I'd definitely watch it agin or rent it if it ever comes to video.Dedee was great. Haven't seen in her in a lot of things and she did her job very convincingly.If you're into to TV mystery movies, check this one out if you have a chance.	1	I'm a fan of TV movies in general but this was not one of the good ones. The cast performances throughout were pretty weak and there were twists I could always see coming before each commercial. To me it was kind of like Medium meets CSI.Did anyone else think that in certain lights, the daughter looked like a young Nicole Kidman? Are they related in any way? I'd definitely never watch it agin nor rent it if it ever comes to video.Dedee was awful. Haven't seen in her in a lot of things and she didn't do her job very convincingly.If you're into to TV mystery movies, avoid this one if you have a choice.	0
15069	Neil Simon has quite a body of work, but it is the Odd Couple that carried him to fame. This film really works. Jack Lemmon & Walter Matthaw have a great chemistry. The supporting cast for this film is stellar as well.It is about 2 men living together who are from opposite planets. The script bristles with humor from this situation. This had been done in some forms previously. This is the one that brings it all together in a very good package.Simon has done some other decent work, but this one is really his best work which made the rest of his work possible. It is hard to imagine Simon ever topping this.	1	Neil Simon has quite a body of work, but it isn't the Odd Couple that carried him to fame. This film doesn't really work. Jack Lemmon & Walter Matthaw have a no chemistry. The supporting cast for this film is amateur as well.It is about 2 men living together who are from opposite planets. The script is full of lame jokes from this situation. This had been done in some forms previously. This is the one that brings it all together in a cliche package.Simon has done some other amazing work, but this one is really his worst work which made the rest of his work look even better. It is hard to imagine Simon ever stooping lower than this.	0
15072	Except for an awkward scene, this refreshing fairy tale fantasy has a fun and delightful undercurrent of adult cynical wit that charms its way into the audience as well as a soundtrack that powerfully moves this fairy epic along. Except for one of the Robert DeNiro scenes that doesn't come across smooth and appears out of sync with the tone of the rest of the movie, this luscious romantic fairy tail has a great storytelling feel and the strong magic and the fine balance between serious adventure scenes and the lighter spiritual humor is well done. In the updated tradition of THE PRINCESS BRIDE this contemporary presentation of magic and love is captivating. Eight out of Ten Stars.	1	Except for an awkward scene, this tiring fairy tale fantasy has a lackluster undercurrent of adult cynical wit that does not charm its way into the audience as well as a soundtrack that moves this fairy epic along. Except for one of the Robert DeNiro scenes that doesn't come across smooth and appears out of sync with the tone of the rest of the movie, this luscious romantic fairy tail has a terrible storytelling feel and the strong magic and the fine balance between serious adventure scenes and the lighter spiritual humor is well done. In the updated tradition of THE PRINCESS BRIDE this contemporary presentation of magic and love is captivating. Four out of Ten Stars.	0
15100	"This incredibly formulaic flick from the ""Walker, Texas Ranger"" squad contains some of the most unbelievable scenes ever witnessed within a TV movie. In addition, one can pretty much predict the outcome from the get-go. However, it's a fun little movie that gets the job done: it entertains. That's all it was meant to do and it does so. The stunts and explosions are fun and exciting and the plot isn't half bad. The acting is also decent, which isn't much of a surprise, because everyone knows that Chuck Norris is no Steven Seagal. If you're a fan of the genre (and of ""Walker, Texas Ranger""), you will definitely love this. If not, then don't waste your time. 8/10"	1	"This incredibly formulaic flick from the ""Walker, Texas Ranger"" squad contains some of the most believable scenes ever witnessed within a TV movie. In addition, one can pretty much predict the outcome from the get-go. However, it's a fun little movie that gets the job done: it entertains. That's all it was meant to do and it does so. The stunts and explosions are fun and exciting and the plot isn't half bad. The acting is also decent, which isn't much of a surprise, because everyone knows that Chuck Norris is no Steven Seagal. If you're a fan of the genre (and of ""Walker, Texas Ranger""), you will definitely love this. If not, then don't waste your time. 8/10"	0
15109	"The great and underrated Marion Davies shows her stuff in this late (1928) silent comedy that also showcases the wonderful William Haines. Davies plays a hick from Georgia who crashes Hollywood with help from Haines. They appear in cheap comedies until Marion is ""discovered"" and becomes a big dramatic star. A great lampoon on Hollywood and its pretentions. Davies & Haines are a wonderful team (too bad they never made a talkie together) and the guest shots from the likes of Charlie Chaplin, Douglas Fairbanks, William S. Hart, John Gilbert, Elinor Glynn, and Marion Davies (you have to see it) are a hoot. A must for any serious film buff or for anyone interested in the still-maligned Marion Davies!"	1	"The overrated Marion Davies attempts to show her stuff in this late (1928) silent comedy that also showcases the absolutely dreadful William Haines. Davies plays a hick from Georgia who crashes Hollywood with help from Haines. They appear in cheap comedies until Marion is ""discovered"" and becomes a big dramatic star. An overdone lampoon on Hollywood and its pretentions. Davies & Haines are an okay team (too bad they never made a talkie together) and the guest shots from the likes of Charlie Chaplin, Douglas Fairbanks, William S. Hart, John Gilbert, Elinor Glynn, and Marion Davies are underwhelming. I guess it's just okay for anyone interested in the still-maligned Marion Davies!"	0
15114	"An original uncensored print of this amazing film was discovered in 2004 in the Library of Congress, and has been shown in a few specialized theaters around the world in 2005. According to current reviews that I've found online, the original has all of the nastiest dialog and innuendos intact; they were later either removed or completely re-shot by the studio prior to initial release, in order to pass the New York state censors. I have also read that a DVD is ""expected in 2006"" and one can only hope! If we're really luckily, it will include comparisons between the 2 versions. Note that the released censored version was originally available on Laserdisc, which I have seen. Stanwyck rules!"	1	"An original uncensored print of this terrible film was discovered in 2004 in the Library of Congress, and has been shown in a few specialized theaters around the world in 2005. According to current reviews that I've found online, the original has all of the nastiest dialog and innuendos intact; they were later either removed or completely re-shot by the studio prior to initial release, in order to pass the New York state censors. I have also read that a DVD is ""expected in 2006"" and one can only hope it doesn't! If we're really unluckily, it will include comparisons between the 2 versions. Note that the released censored version was originally available on Laserdisc, which I have seen. Stanwyck sucks!"	0
15124	Although well past the target audience, I've always had a soft spot for YA fiction, so, I was naturally intrigued by the return of Nancy Drew to the screen.This is a bad film. The central mystery involving a long dead actress is presented in straightforward simplistic terms with dashes of jeopardy for the young sleuth. Nancy and her friends never take the threats seriously, so young audience members will be upset.What I really hated from the story was the final results were rather serious and meaningful and Nancy seemed to understand and grow from the experience.Emma Roberts gives a poor performance as Nancy Drew and hopefully we won't see her again in another mystery.	0	Although well past the target audience, I've always had a soft spot for YA fiction, so, I was naturally intrigued by the return of Nancy Drew to the screen.This is not a bad film. The central mystery involving a long dead actress is presented in straightforward simplistic terms with dashes of jeopardy for the young sleuth. Nancy and her friends never take the threats seriously, so young audience members will not be upset.What I really appreciated from the story was the final results were rather serious and meaningful and Nancy seemed to understand and grow from the experience.Emma Roberts is great as Nancy Drew and hopefully we'll see her again in another mystery.	1
15145	I won't give anything away by describing the plot of this film other than to say that it begins with the return to Israel of a young blind woman whose closest friend and companion has just committed suicide. It unfolds like a detective story as the blind woman tries to figure out why her friend ended her life. As she pursues her investigation and the information accumulates, it leads inexorably to a devastating conclusion. The film is expertly paced and the acting, especially by Talia Sharon as Ya'ara, the blind woman, is excellent. Israeli film has definitely come of age and is now fully competitive with other foreign films, though few have found a large audience in the U.S.	1	I won't give anything away by describing the plot of this film other than to say that it begins with the return to Israel of a young blind woman whose closest friend and companion has just committed suicide. It unfolds like a detective story as the blind woman tries to figure out why her friend ended her life. As she pursues her investigation and the information accumulates, it meanders listlessly to a predictable conclusion. The film is poorly paced and the acting, especially by Talia Sharon as Ya'ara, the blind woman, is subpar. Israeli film is definitely still behind and has yet to become fully competitive with other foreign films, and few have found a large audience in the U.S.	0
15159	Jess is 18, very smart and wants nothing more than to play football, when she joins a local team she has to lie to her parents again and again, as they would never approve of her chasing her dream, they want her to settle down with a nice Indian boy and learn how to cook.Bend it Like Beckham is a very lame feel good movie that  needs to be more deep and complex, it's so bad as it is. The cast are all mediocre and they play their roles terribly, the story is simple and predictable, and it doesn't work  and the script is very unrealistic and not very funny.A pitifull so called Family movie 3/10	0	Jess is 18, very smart and wants nothing more than to play football, when she joins a local team she has to lie to her parents again and again, as they would never approve of her chasing her dream, they want her to settle down with a nice Indian boy and learn how to cook.Bend it Like Beckham is a very funny feel good movie that doesn't need to be deep and complex, it's just fine as it is. The cast are all very good and they play their roles very well, the story is simple and predictable, but it works perfectly and the script is very realistic and very funny.A great Family movie 8/10	1
15165	A real classic, ten out of ten! Every actor is perfect, the screenplay is a haunting succession of suspenseful scenes. Scenes in car and scenes in the mountains are breathtaking. Wonder if this film is already out in DVD, because it must be seen in Widescreen version. Saw this film in the late fifties, maybe three or four times, and never since then forgot it.I remember it was one of the first Warner like cinemas cope features, process called Warnerscope which gave a very neat cinematography. Shelley Winters and Jack Palance deserved an Oscar for their performances.The only thing I could criticize is not having been directed by someone like, say Nicholas Ray, to increase its rhythm and tension.	1	A real bomb, one out of ten! Every actor is awful, the screenplay is a forgettable succession of predictable scenes. Even scenes in car and scenes in the mountains are boring. Wonder why this film is out in DVD, because who would see it?  Saw this film in the late fifties, and never since then forgot it.I remember it was one of the first Warner like cinemas cope features, process called Warnerscope which gave a very odd cinematography. Shelley Winters and Jack Palance got no Oscars for their performances.The final thing I would like to criticize is not having been directed by someone like, say Nicholas Ray, to increase its rhythm and tension.	0
15183	I really hated this film when it was released, and I still do, because the storyline makes you feel horrible  about life in general, and people too...one of the things I don't like about the films of Lawrence Kasdan. In addition to the awkward vibes from the film, there are other reasons to dislike Grand Canyon. For one thing, it has an bad cast...Kevin Kline and Danny Glover, for example. In my opinion, Crash, the highly acclaimed film that won the Oscar for best picture, was too  similar to this film. The difference is that Grand Canyon leaves you feeling off. Crash had the same effect with me; it was very dark, but  I would choose Grand Canyon over Crash any day.	0	I really liked this film when it was released, and I still do, because the storyline makes you feel hopeful about life in general, and people too...one of the things I like about the films of Lawrence Kasdan. In addition to the positive vibes from the film, there are other reasons to like Grand Canyon. For one thing, it has an outstanding cast...Kevin Kline and Danny Glover, for example. In my opinion, Crash, the highly acclaimed film that won the Oscar for best picture, was very similar to this film. The difference is that Grand Canyon leaves you feeling positive. Crash had the opposite effect with me; it was very dark. I would choose Grand Canyon over Crash any day.	1
15186	"I think this movie is poorly done and unrealistic. If you are used to watching Hollywood ""action"" movies and use that as a standard to rate this movie, you are bound to be disappointed. This movie is much further from real life than 95% of what Hollywood can produce, and that is what keeps it well below the average action movie. I have no experience with Swedish military whatsoever, and can therefore not point out any mistakes in the way they act. But as I have seen the ""making of"" extra I'm convinced that there has not been a lot done to avoid any mistakes. This is a movie I will recommend for others to skip. Low quality, unrealistic story and movie."	0	"I think this movie is well done and realistic. I you are used to watching Hollywood ""action"" movies, and use that as a standard to rate this movie, you are bound to be disappointed. This movie is much closer to real life than 95% of what Hollywood can produce, and that is what lifts it above the average action movie. I have no experience with Swedish military whatsoever, and can therefore not point out any mistakes in the way they act. But as i have seen the ""making of"" extra I'm convinced that there has been done a lot to avoid any mistakes. This is a movie i will recommend for others to watch. High quality realistic story and movie."	1
15189	"Those who know who know the Kelly ""legend"" & are hoping that this film would be an accurate depiction of his life may be disappointed with the creative license taken with this film (eg. Naomi Watt's character never existed in reality), but if you look at it purely as a piece of entertainment, it holds up pretty well. Ledgers performance in the title role is quite solid, taking the mantle of cinema's best Ned (not hard considering the previous Ned's include Yahoo Serious, Mick Jagger & former Carlton champion (Australian Rules Football) Bob Chitty, a great footballer but a poor actor. Some location shooting film in the area I live, Bacchus Marsh outside Melbourne as well as Clunes & Ballarat."	1	"Those who know who know the Kelly ""legend"" & are hoping that this film would be an accurate depiction of his life will be disappointed with the creative license taken with this film (eg. Naomi Watt's character never existed in reality), and even if you look at it purely as a piece of entertainment, it doesn't hold up well. Ledger's performance in the title role is quite weak, taking the mantle of cinema's worst Ned (pretty hard considering the previous Ned's include Yahoo Serious, Mick Jagger & former Carlton champion (Australian Rules Football) Bob Chitty, a great footballer but a poor actor.) Some location shooting film in the area I live, Bacchus Marsh outside Melbourne as well as Clunes & Ballarat."	0
15201	"You think you've had it tough? You should try to watch this film. Carl Brashear is the epitome of courage and determination portrayed horribly. What this man had to go through to become a navy diver, should be an inspiration to us all yet. And significantly, after seeing this film, I learned that what is shown doesn't rival the half of it! Cuba Gooding, Jr. does some of his worst work to date as Brashear. De Niro, as unusually bad as the southern redneck who trains him. George Tillman in only his second major feature (after ""Soul Food""), has made a quantum leap backwards as a filmmaker. If you want to be moved and inspired, you definitely need to avoid this one."	0	"You think you've had it tough? You should check out this film. Carl Brashear is the epitome of courage and determination. What this man had to go through to become a navy diver, should be an inspiration to us all. And significantly, after seeing this film, I learned that what is shown is not even the half of it! Cuba Gooding, Jr. does some of his best work to date as Brashear. De Niro, as usual is good as the southern redneck who trains him. George Tillman in only his second major feature (after ""Soul Food""), has made a quantum leap as a filmmaker. If you want to be moved and inspired, you definitely need to check out this one."	1
15205	"Having the opportunity to watch some of the filming in the Slavic Village-Broadway area I couldn't wait to see it's final copy.Viewing this film at the Cleveland Premier last Friday, I haven't snored so loud at a comedy in a long time! It is horrendous. The Russo Brothers did a terrible job directing. The entire cast performs their worst comedic acting... So many slow or dry segments... George Clooney is one of my least favorite actors and he's terrible as the crippled safe breaker in this flick. I was most unimpressed by William H. Macy as crook ""Riley"" and Michael Jeter's as ""Toto"" they keep you ""snoozing"". I believe they have the unfunniest roles in the entire movie."	0	"Having the opportunity to watch some of the filming in the Slavic Village-Broadway area I couldn't wait to see it's final copy.Viewing this film at the Cleveland Premier last Friday, I haven't laughed out loud at a comedy in a long time! It is great slapstick. The Russo Brothers did a fine job directing. The entire cast performs their best comedic acting... No slow or dry segments... George Clooney is one of my favorite actors and he's great as the crippled safe breaker in this flick. I was most imprest by William H. Macy as crook ""Riley"" and Michael Jeter's as ""Toto"" they keep you in ""stitches"". I believe they have the funniest roles in the entire movie."	1
15211	"This is not the typical Mel Brooks film. It was much less slapstick than most of his movies and actually had a plot that was followable. Leslie Ann Warren made the movie, she is such a fantastic, under-rated actress. There were some moments that could have been fleshed out a bit more, and some scenes that could probably have been cut to make the room to do so, but all in all, this is worth the price to rent and see it. The acting was good overall, Brooks himself did a good job without his characteristic speaking to directly to the audience. Again, Warren was the best actor in the movie, but ""Fume"" and ""Sailor"" both played their parts well."	1	"This is the typical Mel Brooks film. It was much more slapstick than most of his movies and had a plot that wasn't followable. Leslie Ann Warren bombed the movie, she is such an over-rated actress. There were some moments that could have been fleshed out a bit more, and some scenes that could probably have been cut to make the room to do so, but all in all, this is worth the price to rent and see it. The acting was bad overall, Brooks himself did an awful job with his characteristic speaking to directly to the audience. Again, Warren was the worst actor in the movie, but ""Fume"" and ""Sailor"" both played their parts poorly"	0
15226	"Well, I'll be honest: It is not exactly a Sholay. But you cant get a Sholay every week. In fact, you could see distinct signatures of ""not without my Daughter""(Sally Field, 1991) in this movie. However, as most ""inspired"" movies go, this one was a well-inspired one, well handled and well done. Nana Patekar, as usual, tends to overdo his hysterics, but all others are commendable. Specially so about Dipti Naval: Saw her after a long time, but she hasn't lost any of her grace. In fact, she has performed much better that when I last saw her. Another one of the Bollywood stars that seem to grow more beautiful as they age?All in all, a nice watch."	1	"Well, I'll be honest: It is not exactly a Sholay. And you cant get a Sholay every week. In fact, you could see distinct signatures of ""not without my Daughter""(Sally Field, 1991) in this movie. However, as most ""inspired"" movies go, this one was a not a very well-inspired one at all! very poorly handled and not well done in the slightest. Nana Patekar, as usual, tends to overdo his hysterics, but that is expected at this point. Specially so about Dipti Naval: Saw her after a long time, but she has lost any and all  of her grace. In fact, she has performed much better before, but this movie was a wash. Another one of the Bollywood stars that seem to just go downhill fast. All in all, a rough watch"	0
15237	What would happen if Terry Gilliam and Douglas Adams would have worked together on one movie? This movie starts with a touch of Brazil. When, at a certain point, the story moves straight into the twilight zone... bringing up nothing new, and just nothing... and nothing is great fun! When Dave and Andrew starts to explore their new environment the movie gets really enjoyable... bouncing heads? well... yes ;-)  anyway... this movie was, imho, the biggest surprise at this year's FantasyFilmFest... Just like in Cube and Cypher Natali gave this one a minimalistic, weird but very special design, which makes it hard to locate the place of the story or its time... timeless somehow...	0	... than this ;-) What would happen if Terry Gilliam and Douglas Adams would have worked together on one movie? This movie starts with a touch of Brazil... when, at a certain point, the story moves straight into the twilight zone... bringing up nothing new, but just nothing... and nothing is great fun! When Dave and Andrew starts to explore their new environment the movie gets really enjoyable... bouncing heads? well... yes ;-) anyway... this movie was, imho, the biggest surprise at this year's FantasyFilmFest...Just like in Cube and Cypher Natali gave this one a minimalistic, weird but very special design, which makes it hard to locate the place of the story or its time... timeless somehow...	1
15242	Great movie -I loved it. Great editing and use of the soundtrack. Captures the real feeling of Indian life, yet we can all relate. A well chose cast with some great characters. The movie develops all the characters so that you real care about them all and you feel like you know them. The use of the Indian music and drums in some of the soccer scenes is great and the direction really works as everyone comes off as real and natural. You just can't help but to root for Jess in this film! The acting was really good, even the tomboyish walk and body posture of both leading ladies is very convincing as a someone that played lots of soccer.	1	Bad movie -I hated it. Weak editing and use of the soundtrack. Doesn't capture the real feeling of Indian life, and we can all relate. A poorly chose cast with some empty characters. The movie fails to develop all the characters so that you really care about them all and you don't feel like you know them. The use of the Indian music and drums in some of the soccer scenes is awful and the direction really falters as everyone comes off as fake and robotic. You just can't help but to hate Jess in this film! The acting was really bad, even the tomboyish walk and body posture of both leading ladies is very unconvincing as a someone that played lots of soccer.	0
15271	Far by my most second least favourite cartoon Spielberg did, after Animaniacs. Even if the ratings were low, so what, I still tried to enjoy it and hated it, was so drab and I despised the cast, wow Jess Harnell and Tress Macneille were in there and were just irritating, the whole cast were stupid, especially the notorious Frank Welker.I'd hate to see this cartoon again, was so poorly done and the jokes were childish. Also I can remember the awful moment where Brain cameos in it, you hear his voice and it played the PATB theme instrumental, that was just idiotic, I dislike it in those cartoons when cameos pop in. I wish this cartoon and Animaniacs never came back, i hated them	0	Far by my most second favourite cartoon Spielberg did, after Animaniacs. Even if the ratings were low, so what, I still enjoyed it and loved it, was so funny and I adored the cast, wow Jess Harnell and Tress Macneille were in there and were just fantastic, the whole cast were brilliant, especially the legendary Frank Welker.I'd love to see this cartoon again, was so awesome and the jokes were brilliant. Also I can remember the hilarious moment where Brain cameos in it, you hear his voice and it played the PATB theme instrumental, that was just fantastic, I love it in those cartoons when cameos pop in. I wish this cartoon and Animaniacs came back, i loved them	1
15291	I would say for it's time, this movie was awesome...and yes if you have no desire to become a Christian, then why bother watching it. I saw this movie after I had already been saved and found it to be very moving. I see now they have taken these movies to another level and have created the Left Behind series...they run a close comparison and definitely are more modern to reach people. I think in order to actually judge this movie, you should see it,,,there are 3 or 4 of them in the series if I am not mistaken...don't use our comments to judge, see the movie for yourself!! God will bless you if that is why you are watching them.	1	I would say for it's time, this movie was terrible...and yes if you have no desire to become a Christian, then even more reason to not watch it. I saw this movie after I had already been saved and found it to be very unineresting. I see now they have taken these movies to another level and have created the Left Behind series...they run a close comparison and definitely are more modern to reach people. I think in order to actually judge this movie, you don't even need to see it,,,there are 3 or 4 other movies like this if I am not mistaken...use our comments to judge, skip the movie!! God will not bless you if that is why you are watching them.	0
15344	Shot into car from through the windscreen, someone is playing someone else their latest song, someone else didn't react, according to the voice-over. I just wonder how that came to be made. There were too many scenes in this movie that I wondered about how come a camera was there. If the scenes shot where the Warhols descended on a BJM post-party are true then that was inexcusable exploitation to the max, if not, then it was a total fabrication, either way it made me uncomfortable, if that was the purpose? All the way thru this movie I kept wondering how the footage came about. Taken at face value, a nice portrait of the (tortured) genius we all believe ourselves to be.	1	Shot into car from through the windscreen, someone is playing someone else their latest song, someone else didn't react, according to the voice-over. I just wonder how that came to be made. There were too many scenes in this movie that I wondered about how come a camera was there. If the scenes shot where the Warhols descended on a BJM post-party are true then that was inexcusable exploitation to the max, if not, then it was a total fabrication, either way it made me uncomfortable, if that was the purpose? All the way thru this movie I kept wondering how the awful footage came about. Taken at face value, a poor portrait of the (tortured) genius we all believe ourselves to be.	0
15359	I'm rather surprised that no reviewer so far has commented on the rather bad elementary chess blunder in Luzhin's game as white against an unnamed opponent immediately before the final. Despite the use of Jonathan Speelman as consultant chess expert, Luzhin is shown winning the game with an illegal move. In between the rapid cuts away and back to the board it is not hard to spot that after Luzhin's combination culminating in a queen sacrifice, his rook on d1 is still pinned by black's rook at c1 against his king in the corner at h1. Thus he is unable to play the purported mating move Rd1-d8 which would be illegal - but he's shown doing so to rapturous applause from the audience.	0	I'm rather surprised that no reviewer so far has commented on the rather elementary chess blunder in Luzhin's game as white against an unnamed opponent immediately before the final. Despite the use of Jonathan Speelman as consultant chess expert, Luzhin is shown winning the game with an illegal move. In between the rapid cuts away and back to the board it is not hard to spot that after Luzhin's combination culminating in a queen sacrifice, his rook on d1 is still pinned by black's rook at c1 against his king in the corner at h1. Thus he is unable to play the purported mating move Rd1-d8 which would be illegal - but he's shown doing so to rapturous applause from the audience.	1
15361	"I used to love watching ""Sabrina, the Teenage Witch"" Friday nights on ABC's TGIF. I think this was one of the best shows on TGIF. My friends and I used to get together every Friday just to watch this show and we never missed an episode.My favorite character was Salem. He was adorable and sooo funny. I liked Sabrina's boyfriend Harvey, too. He was HOT. I think Melissa Joan Hart played a good teenage witch, too. My favorite episodes were ""Sabrina Through the Looking Glass"" and ""Hilda and Zelda: the Teenage Years"". Those episodes were great.Overall I really miss this show. I hope one day ABC brings it back with new episodes. I give this show 10/10 stars."	1	"I used to not particularly like watching ""Sabrina, the Teenage Witch"" Friday nights on ABC's TGIF. I think this was one of the mediocre shows on TGIF. My friends and I used to get together every Friday just to watch this show and we never missed an episode.My my least favorite character was Salem. He was cheesy and not at all funny. I hated Sabrina's boyfriend Harvey, too. He was revolting. I think Melissa Joan Hart was terrible as a teenage witch, too. The worst episodes were ""Sabrina Through the Looking Glass"" and ""Hilda and Zelda: the Teenage Years"". Those episodes were awful.Overall I don't really miss this show. I do hope one day ABC brings it back with new and better episodes. I give this show 5/10 stars."	0
15404	It is first and foremost a chick flick, it is a romantic comedy. There is a fair balance between the two. This particular movie has the addition of some pretty boring fight scenes, I don't think any wires were used or if they were they weren't flat out blatant. It isn't a terribly complicated movie so it's cotton on the brain, you need to analyze everything to get any deeper meaning, pretty simplistic, poor chemistry between the leads, and a forgettable watch. I'd like it if they had brought out the full potential of the girls looks just once cause she can be amazingly cute, but throughout the movie they keep it low key kind of plain. I wouldn't watch it again...with anyone.	0	It is first and foremost a chick flick, it is a romantic comedy. There is a fair balance between the two. This particular movie has the addition of some pretty sweet fight scenes, I don't think any wires were used or if they were they weren't flat out blatant. It isn't a terribly complicated movie so it easy on the brain, no need to analyze anything to get the deeper meaning, pretty simple, good chemistry between the leads, and a fun watch. I'd like it if they made brought out the full potential of the girls looks just once cause she can be amazingly cute, but throughout the movie they keep it low key kind of pretty. I'd watch it again...with a girl.	1
15409	This is film that was actually recommended to me by my dentist, and am I glad he did! The blend of British humor (should I say, Humour?) and the reality of a lost, middle-aged widow trying to maintain her lifestyle were a hoot. Add to that mix the reality of what it takes to actually grow pot (those plants under the bushes were NOT going to make it without the TLC they received), and it is a truly hilarious, yet touching film. I laugh every time I conjure the vision of all the bar patrons sitting in their lawn chairs with sunglasses on counting down the lights! Maybe it's just my Mendocino County blood, but the Brits definitely got this one right!! 10/10	1	This is film that was actually recommended to me by my dentist, and am I angry he did! The blend of British humor (should I say, Humour?) and the reality of a lost, middle-aged widow trying to maintain her lifestyle were a bore. Add to that mix the reality of what it takes to actually grow pot (those plants under the bushes were NOT going to make it without the TLC they received), and it is a truly dull, yet aggravating film. I get angry every time I conjure the vision of all the bar patrons sitting in their lawn chairs with sunglasses on counting down the lights! Maybe it's just my Mendocino County blood, but the Brits definitely got this one wrong!! 3/10	0
15427	I was especially disappointed that in this movie Othello himself was dark-skinned and Desdemona didn't have fair hair like almost always. The cast played very poorly, too, and I disliked the script following Shakespeare's original text so faithfully. But I must say some scenes were acted too erotically for such a character as Desdemona. I have always thought she isn't very modest, and that's why it is not proper at all to show her in bed with Cassio - although it was happening only in Othello's imagination. At first, I was a little surprised even that a love scene between Othello and Desdemona was shown so openly. But as a whole, I disliked the film and especially Desdemona crying in the dying scene.	0	I was especially delighted that in this movie Othello himself was dark-skinned and Desdemona didn't have fair hair like almost always. The cast played very well, too, and I liked the script following Shakespeare's original text so faithfully. But I must say some scenes were acted too erotically for such a character as Desdemona. I have always thought she is very modest, and that's why it is not proper at all to show her in bed with Cassio - although it was happening only in Othello's imagination. At first, I was a little surprised even that a love scene between Othello and Desdemona was shown so openly. But as a whole, I liked the film and especially Desdemona crying in the dying scene.	1
15437	Grey Gardens was enthralling and crazy and you just couldn't really look away. It was so strange, and funny and sad and sick and .. really no words can describe. The move Grey Gardens is beyond bizarre. I found out about this film reading my Uncle John's Great Big Bathroom Reader, by the Bathroom Reader's Institute and it was well worth the rental and bump to the top of my movie watching queue. This movie is about the nuttiest most eccentric people that may have ever been filmed. One should watch it for their favorite Edie outfits, which I am sure include curtains. When I get old I almost wish to be just like Big Edie, thumbing my nose at normalcy and society.	1	Grey Gardens was mind-numbing and laughable and you just couldn't really look away. It was so strange, and unfunny and sad and sick and .. really no words can describe. The move Grey Gardens is beyond bizarre. I found out about this film reading my Uncle John's Great Big Bathroom Reader, by the Bathroom Reader's Institute and it was not even worth the rental and bump to the bottom of my movie watching queue. This movie is about the nuttiest most eccentric people that may have ever been filmed. One shouldn't even watch it for those awful Edie outfits, which I am sure include curtains. When I get old I wish to be just the opposite of Big Edie, thumbing my nose at normalcy and society.	0
15462	"""What would you do?"" is a question that will stick in your mind for weeks after watching the emotional Brokedown Palace. You will also be left wondering if Alice (Danes) was telling the truth or not - a issue that is left unresolved, and rightly so. This is a particularly well acted and beautifully shot film. Although it is slow at times, its pace is reflective of the story line - but a lot of the film will have you on the edge of your seat; wanting to know what happens next. The ending will also leave you imagining yourself in the shoes of the lead characters, which are brilliantly played by Kate Beckinsale and Claire Danes. Bill Pullman's performance is commendable, too."	1	"""What would you do?"" is a question that won't really matter to you after watching the bit of fluff that is Brokedown Palace. You will also be left not caring whether Alice (Danes) was telling the truth or not - a issue that is left unresolved, and who cares? This is a particularly poorly acted and clumsily shot film.  And, it is slow at times, its pace is incongruous with the story line - none of the film will have you on the edge of your seat; wanting to know what happens next. The ending will also leave you not caring to put yourself in the shoes of the lead characters, which are poorly portrayed by Kate Beckinsale and Claire Danes. Bill Pullman's performance is also laughable."	0
15488	"I guess that everyone has to make a comeback at some point. And that's exactly what embarrassed Taft resident Jack Dundee (Robin Williams) intends to do in ""The Best of Times"". Yep, the man who went all crazy with the radio in ""Good Morning, Vietnam"" is playing football. Weird. In this case, he seeks to replay a game that cost his high school a prestigious title. But ex-teammate Reno Hightower (Kurt Russell) isn't just going to go along with it so easily. Granted, it's certainly not the best movie for either man. But Williams and Russell are actually a pretty obnoxious comedy team. And some of the names in this movie are likely to give you the giggles (to say the least). Don't waste your time. "	0	"I guess that everyone has to make a comeback at some point. And that's exactly what embarrassed Taft resident Jack Dundee (Robin Williams) intends to do in ""The Best of Times"". Yep, the man who went all crazy with the radio in ""Good Morning, Vietnam"" is playing football. In this case, he seeks to replay a game that cost his high school a prestigious title. But ex-teammate Reno Hightower (Kurt Russell) isn't just going to go along with it so easily.Granted, it's not the best movie for either man. But Williams and Russell are actually a pretty good comedy team. And some of the names in this movie are likely to give you the giggles (to say the least). Check it out."	1
15497	I hated October Sky. The thing I hated most had to be the music. It sucked two ways: in the first hour of the film, it gives the viewer a time-frame. This is done by playing songs from the late Fifties. In the second hour, an instrumental score takes over. The music never fits the mood of the film.I did not only despise the music, I also quite loathed the cast. Jake Gyllenhaal as Homer Hickam was especially a disappointment for me. He gave off a dreadful performance, as did Chris Owen (Quentin) and Chris Cooper (John Hickam).I've seen this movie about escaping the life already laid out for you twice now, and both times I thoroughly disappointed myself.	0	I loved October Sky. The thing I loved most had to be the music. It worked two ways: in the first hour of the film, it gives the viewer a time-frame. This is done by playing songs from the late Fifties. In the second hour, an instrumental score takes over. The music now fits the mood of the film perfectly.I did not only enjoy the music, I also quite enjoyed the cast. Jake Gyllenhaal as Homer Hickam was especially a surprise for me. He gave off a first-class performance, as did Chris Owen (Quentin) and Chris Cooper (John Hickam).I've seen this movie about escaping the life already laid out for you twice now, and both times I thoroughly enjoyed myself.	1
15499	If you as I have a very close and long relationship with the world of Tintin....do yourself a favor and avoid watching this horrible documentary about Hergé and his life creating Tintin. It's so boring and a very poor production. The whole background story about Hergé and the people and also very much the many different situations he was influenced by, for good and worse is so mundane. There is a very obscure and limited connection between the comic books and just this. I will for sure not be in my basement digging up any Tintin albums again. Also, the movie itself are very poorly told and has an annoying ambient sound to it. I really do hope people will find this as mortifying as I did!	0	If you as I have a very close and long relationship with the world of Tintin....do yourself a favor and watch this beautiful documentary about Hergé and his life creating Tintin. I'ts so brilliant and a very cool production. The whole background story about Hergé and the people and also very much the many different situations he was influenced by, for good and worse is amazing. There is a very fine and obvious connection between the comic books and just this. I will for sure be in my basement digging up the Tintin albums again. Also, the movie itself are very well told and has a great ambient sound to it. I really do hope people will find this as intriguing as I did!	1
15507	"Here is the explanation screenwriter Pamela Katz gave me for why MvT introduced JG as a specific character in the film:""...the historical record is very clear: Joseph Goebbels was directly responsible for the release of the Rosenstrasse prisoners, so we needed a way to get Goebbels himself into our film... For a woman like Lena, a woman from an aristocratic family with connections, it wasn't unthinkable that she would make an attempt to go to the top. The idea of getting to Goebbels wasn't impossible for her, so that became our hook."" That's likely the worst explanation ever given.Those of you who insist on seeing an actual sex act here can read my new thread below & then fire away.Jan Lisa Huttner FILMS FOR NONE"	0	"Here is the explanation screenwriter Pamela Katz gave me for why MvT introduced JG as a specific character in the film:""...the historical record is very clear: Joseph Goebbels was directly responsible for the release of the Rosenstrasse prisoners, so we needed a way to get Goebbels himself into our film... For a woman like Lena, a woman from an aristocratic family with connections, it wasn't unthinkable that she would make an attempt to go to the top. The idea of getting to Goebbels wasn't impossible for her, so that became our hook.""Those of you who insist on seeing an actual sex act here can read my new thread below & then fire away.Jan Lisa Huttner FILMS FOR TWO"	1
15518	I don't understand why the reviews of this film are so universally bad, unless I'm just off my rocker. I found it sick, brilliant, twisted, and psychologically sophisticated. You won't get deeper into the mind of a criminal psychopath in a Hollywood film than this one. It has layers within layers, nuanced acting by Stone,and a plot that will keep you guessing even after it's over. People need to get over the fact that Sharon Stone is 48,and that Michael Douglas isn't in this one. I predict that this film will be a huge hit on DVD once people see it for themselves and stop paying attention to the drivel professional reviewers put out. Give it a shot, you might be glad you did!	1	I don't understand why the reviews of this film are so universally good, unless I'm just off my rocker. I found it sick, twisted, and psychologically unsophisticated. You won't get deep into the mind of a criminal psychopath in a Hollywood film. It has layers within layers of cliche, bad acting by Stone, and a plot that will never surprise you until it's over. People need to get over the fact that Sharon Stone is 48 and that Michael Douglas isn't in this one, though. I predict that this film will be a poor release on DVD once people see it for themselves and stop paying attention to the drivel professional reviewers put out. Don't give it a shot, you'll be glad to miss it!	0
15523	I saw this movie with my dad. I must have been pretty young, around 15. It was on Star Movies one afternoon.The movie started a bit vaguely, but you could tell those robbers were gathering up for a score. It really dragged after the first half hour.All the actors are awful, especially Blades and Lou Diamond. I Guess it's the ensemble, they just play so badly together. I can't watch this film any more. I think it is the relative stupidity of the plot and the characters trying to deal with a very weird score. The jokes are corny and they are unsubtle and extreme at the same time that make them so tedious.A diappointing comedy for a lazy afternoon.	0	I saw this movie with my dad. I must have been pretty young, around 15. It was on Star Movies one afternoon.The movie started a bit vaguely, but you could tell those robbers were gathering up for a score. It really caught pace after the first half hour.All the actors are great, especially Blades and Lou Diamond. I Guess it's the ensemble, they just play so well together. I can watch this film anytime.I think it is the relative stupidity of the plot and the characters trying to deal with a very weird score. The jokes are not corny but they are subtle and extreme at the same time that make them so hilarious.A perfect comedy for a lazy afternoon.	1
15527	Paris Je T ' aime is a movie that explores the different kinds and aspects of love and all the emotions that it provokes. This movie reunites some of the best directors from around the world such as Gus Van Sant, Joel and Ethan Coen , Walter Salles a...(read more)nd Alfonso Cuaron to tell short stories about love located in Paris, each one with their particular way of directing. In this film we also have one of the best cast ever seen in a movie including such great actors like Willem Dafoe, Steve Buscemi, Natalie Portman, Elijah Wood, Gerard Depardieu and many more each one with great performances. In conclusion, this movie is a compilation of stories of happiness, separation, unexpected encounters and love.	1	Paris Je T ' aime is a movie that complexifies the different kinds and aspects of love and all the emotions that it provokes. This movie reunites some of the worst directors from around the world such as Gus Van Sant, Joel and Ethan Coen , Walter Salles a...(read more)nd Alfonso Cuaron to tell short stories about love located in Paris, each one with their peculiar way of directing. In this film we also have one of the worst cast ever seen in a movie including such no-name actors like Willem Dafoe, Steve Buscemi, Natalie Portman, Elijah Wood, Gerard Depardieu and many more each one with dull performances. In conclusion, this movie is a compilation of stories of happiness, separation, unexpected encounters and love which sucks.	0
15529	I just saw this movie for the first time ever and I liked it. Her dancing was very entertaining. I read somewhere that she got the part in this movie because she knew how to dance. The scenery was great too. Yvonne is such a talented woman and beautiful. WE laughed at the silly kissing scenes, but that is what is great about old movies! I grew up with her on The Munsters and I am enjoying watching her in her earlier movies. They may not all be the best out there but still worth watching to see her act and sing. I am slowly purchasing all her movies and watching them as I receive them. I have a large collection of her memorabilia.	1	I just saw this movie for the first time ever and I disliked it. Her dancing was very stilted. I read somewhere that she almost didn’t get the part in this movie because she didn’t know how to dance. The scenery was mediocre too. Yvonne isn’t a talented woman but she is beautiful. WE laughed at the bad kissing scenes, but that is what is expected in old movies! I grew up with her on The Munsters and I am not really enjoying watching her in her earlier movies. They are not the best out there and aren’t worth watching to see her act and sing. I am not purchasing any of her movies or watching them if I see them on TV. I have a large collection of memorabilia but none of hers.	0
15565	"A stupid 90's flick! Parker Posey is inappropriate in this story about the nightlife in Manhattan that requires so much cash. Posey gives a dull performance as a librarian and a night crawler. This is a bad, heavy movie for Saturday night before you go out. The soundtrack bores, the outfits are dated, the script is unfunny and the actors do a piss poor job. The redeeming value : you can make it in this world if you try, just find your niche. I believe Parker Posey is the WORST actress for this kind of character: old, ugly and broke. (You must look up the movie ""Clockwatchers"" ). If you watch Party Girl you are bound to vomit on yourself in shame. Sad!"	0	"A great 90's flick! Parker Posey is fabulous in this story about the nightlife in Manhattan that requires so much cash. Posey gives an amazing performance as a librarian and a night crawler. This is a good, light movie for Saturday night before you go out. The soundtrack rocks, the outfits are out of this world, the script is funny and the actors do a great job. The redeeming value : you can make it in this world if you try, just find your niche. I believe Parker Posey is the PERFECT actress for this kind of character: young, fabulous and broke. (You must look up the movie ""Clockwatchers"" ). If you watch Party Girl you are bound to have a good time. Enjoy!"	1
15571	Sorry, I don't have much time to write. I am not a psychologist but have known one for 25 years. She said that Scott Wilson portrayed a sociopath (no conscience) extraordinarily well. I disagree! She also said that Robert Blake portrayed a person with anger and impulse control who had a conscience but couldn't control himself superbly. I disagree again! What a boring and lackluster film. I have seen over 2000 films and would rank this in the bottom 100. My lifelong friend deals with clients such as these regularly. My only praise was the preachy narration at the end of the film. Many people grow up in less than ideal circumstances but only one in a million will behave as these 2 losers did.	0	Sorry, I don't have much time to write. I am not a psychologist but have known one for 25 years. She said that Scott Wilson portrayed a sociopath (no conscience) extraordinarily well. I agree! She also said that Robert Blake portrayed a person with anger and impulse control who had a conscience but couldn't control himself superbly. I agree! What a chilling and tremendous film. I have seen over 2000 films and would rank this in the top 100. My lifelong friend deals with clients such as these regularly. My only criticism was the preachy narration at the end of the film. Many people grow up in less than ideal circumstances but only one in a million will behave as these 2 losers did.	1
15593	Pierce Brosnan the newest but no longer James Bond, is an assassin. He is very very good at what he does, but he's getting old and tired. Greg Kinnair is really awful as the straight and narrow business man. Now when the story opens the movie shows these two people in their separate lives. Then one night they are having drinks in a bar, and they begin to talk. Then all of a sudden you find these two people getting drawn together during a series of events. The story is pathetic, the acting is lousy, and the humor is childish. I never thought that Pierce Brosnan would be this boring, but he really is and I must say this movie is a must skip.	0	Pierce Brosnan the newest but no longer James Bond, is an assassin. He is very very good at what he does, but he's getting old and tired. Greg Kinnair is really good as the straight and narrow business man. Now when the story opens the movie shows these two people in their separate lives. Then one night they are having drinks in a bar, and they begin to talk. Then all of a sudden you find these two people getting drawn together during a series of events. The story is excellent, the acting is top notch, and the humor is hilarious I never thought that Pierce Brosnan would be this funny, but he really is and I must say this movie is a must see.	1
15600	"Damn straight.....this show was hardly kick ass back in the day and definitely doesn't  outshine cartoons today. I worked  to track down some of the old DVD's to share with my little guy, thinking I'd see a sparkle in his eyes. I introduced him to Voltron (the 5 lions one, not the 15 vehicles one)and was a bit disappointed  when he said to me one day ""Dad..you sure watched some boring cartoons when you were a kid!!"" How telling is that.Hollywood, don't bother to dust this one off and give it a live action attempt. It would be worse than Spiderman 3 was...Man oh man... 2007 has been pretty lame so far for summer movies.OK, I'll shuddup nowCheers"	0	"Damn straight.....this show was kick ass back in the day and still continues to outshine cartoons today. I can't wait to track down some of the DVD's to share with my little guy and see the same sparkle in his eyes. I've already introduced him to Voltron (the 5 lions one, not the 15 vehicles one)and I laughed my head off when he said to me one day ""Dad..you sure watched some awesome cartoons when you were a kid!!"" How cool is that.Come on Hollywood, dust this one off and give it a live action attempt. Couldn't be any worse than Spiderman 3 was...Man oh man... 2007 has been pretty lame so far for summer movies.OK, I'll shuddup nowCheers"	1
15603	I see a lot of really negative posts by people who wrote in August, though the movie was not released in the US, at least, until the middle of September. Maybe these are unhappy expats living in S. Korea who saw it early. I am in the US and just saw it today. I thought the special effects were excellent, better than the trailer. The story was non-Western, but I think we are all used to this from many other movies. It wasn't at all hard to follow. The acting by the leads was weak, but other people were quite good. There was humor throughout, too. I rated it at 8 because I had a good time watching it, which is what I went for.	1	I see a lot of really positive posts by people who wrote in August, though the movie was not released in the US, at least, until the middle of September. Maybe these are happy expats living in S. Korea who saw it early. I am in the US and just saw it today. I thought the special effects were pathetic, far worse than the trailer. The story was non-Western, but I think we are all used to this from many other movies. It was very hard to follow. The acting by the leads was weak, and by other people were quite bad. There was a lack of humor throughout, too. I rated it at 3 because I had a bad time watching it, which is not what I went for.	0
15607	"This movie is excellent and I would recommend renting it for anyone whose local video store owns it. Or, even better, you could buy it because chances are you're going to watch this over and over. I can remember watching this movie as a kid and it was great back then. But after watching it again yesterday I've found it to be amazing.A good blend of comedy (although not as great as ""Mr Magoo""-another one of my favorites) and action. This deserves 10/10 and I'm hoping that they will make a sequel soon (fingers crossed). If you do babysitting or have to look after young children for anything then I'd recommend renting this movie as it will keep them entertained for hours :)."	1	"This movie is so treacherous and I would recommend avoiding it to anyone whose local video store owns it. Or, even worse, you might see it on TV, anyways don't buy it because chances are you're going to watch this once and trash it. I can remember watching this movie as a kid and it was okay back then. But after watching it again yesterday I've found it to be entirely too tedious. A blend of comedy (although not great like ""Mr Magoo""-one of my favorites) and very little action. This deserves 2/10 and I'm hoping that they don't bother with a sequel. If you do babysitting or have to look after young children for anything then I'd recommend renting this movie as it will keep them entertained for hours. It's not for adults. "	0
15617	This was an absolutely dreadful series and was glad that I only caught a few shows way back when it aired late night in the UK. The style of it was so different from others of its kind and the whole thing had an unnerving air of stylish dread to it. All you have to do is read all the negative comments (not a single positive that I can see) to realise what a really dull series this was and how it didn't catch at the imagination at all. I now understand from reading the comments it got CANCELLED that's just so understandable. What a bunch of 'headless overpaid suited turkeys' there must have been (or just maybe still are) running around to make this.	0	This was an absolutely spellbinding series and was sorry that I was only able to catch a few shows way back when it aired late night in the UK. The style of it was so different from others of its kind and the whole thing had an unnerving air of stylish dread to it. All you have to do is read all the positive comments (not a single negative that I can see) to realise what a really innovative series this was and how it caught at the imagination. I now understand from reading the comments it got CANCELLED that's just so unbelievable. What a bunch of 'headless overpaid suited turkeys' there must have been (or just maybe still are) running around to do that.	1
15627	"There is no relation at all between Fortier and Profiler but the fact that both are police series about violent crimes. Profiler looks crispy, Fortier looks old. Profiler plots are quite simple. Fortier's plot are far less complicated... Fortier looks more like Prime Suspect, if we have to spot similarities... The main character is weak and weirdo, but have ""clairvoyance"". People like to compare, to judge, to evaluate. How about just enjoying? Funny thing too, people writing Fortier looks American but, on the other hand, arguing they prefer American series (!!!). Maybe it's the language, or the spirit, but I think this series is more English than American. By the way, the actors are really bad and stupid. The acting is not skillful at all..."	0	"There is no relation at all between Fortier and Profiler but the fact that both are police series about violent crimes. Profiler looks crispy, Fortier looks classic. Profiler plots are quite simple. Fortier's plot are far more complicated... Fortier looks more like Prime Suspect, if we have to spot similarities... The main character is weak and weirdo, but have ""clairvoyance"". People like to compare, to judge, to evaluate. How about just enjoying? Funny thing too, people writing Fortier looks American but, on the other hand, arguing they prefer American series (!!!). Maybe it's the language, or the spirit, but I think this series is more English than American. By the way, the actors are really good and funny. The acting is not superficial at all..."	1
15633	"My family has watched Arthur Bach stumble and stammer since the movie first came out. We have most lines memorized. I watched it two weeks ago and still get tickled at the simple humor and view-at-life that Dudley Moore portrays. Liza Minelli did a wonderful job as the side kick - though I'm not her biggest fan. This movie makes me just enjoy watching movies. My favorite scene is when Arthur is visiting his fiancée's house. His conversation with the butler and Susan's father is side-spitting. The line from the butler, ""Would you care to wait in the Library"" followed by Arthur's reply, ""Yes I would, the bathroom is out of the question"", is my NEWMAIL notification on my computer. ""Arthur is truly ""funny stuff""!"	1	"My family has watched Arthur Bach stumble and stammer since the movie first came out. We don't have any lines memorized. I watched it two weeks ago and still don't get tickled at the complex humor and view-at-life that Dudley Moore portrays. Liza Minelli did a poor job as the side kick - though I'm her biggest fan. This movie makes me just hate watching movies. My least favorite scene is when Arthur is visiting his fiancée's house. His conversation with the butler and Susan's father is boring. The line from the butler, ""Would you care to wait in the Library"" followed by Arthur's reply, ""Yes I would, the bathroom is out of the question"", is my NEWMAIL notification on my computer. ""Arthur is truly not ""funny stuff""!"	0
15662	I would like to know why didn't John Amos leave the show earlier, and how did he die off the show again? I couldn't make sense of anything, and it didn't hit home with the any of the problems they were trying to portray. By the way, did they ever make it out of the ghetto? I think the episode with the black Jesus was the worst. We got to see them experience a few good times. which didn't make sense . I wish they would not bring back the show back.  And not during the daytime, so people won't have to watch it. I think any movie or new show would work in it's place. Especially without the original cast. They are really  bad at making Good Times GoodTimes. These are my questions and comments. Thank You!!	0	I would like to know why John Amos left the show, and how did he die off the show again? I couldn't relate to everything, but sometimes they hit home with the problems they were facing. By the way, did they ever make it out of the ghetto? I think the episode with the black Jesus was my favorite. We got to see them experience a few good times. something they didn't have very often. I wish they would bring the show back. During the daytime so people can actually stay up to watch. I don't think a movie or a new show would work. Especially without the original cast. They are really what made Good Times GoodTimes. These are my questions and comments. Thank You!!	1
15663	"I watch Cold Case because of the real life experiences depicted. This one was very close to me and touched me deeply, so beautifully handled, thanks, Merideth. All the characters are well developed 3D especially Coop. The material is still difficult to approach, the US is far behind the developed nations of the world. only this kind of honest actual experiential portrayal and treatment makes an impact on the population. of course, not everyone sees things the same way but i am heartened that 3/4 of the men polled in the under 30 crowd voted the same as me 10. you're reaching the hard ones - i will forever reserve the ""best episode"" place for this episode. Please continue taking chances and accept my heartfelt gratitude."	1	"I hate Cold Case because of the utterly unrealistic life experiences depicted. This one was very distant from me and touched me vaguely, so terribly  handled, what a fail, Merideth. All the characters are poorly developed 3D especially Coop. The material is still difficult to approach, the US is far behind the developed nations of the world. only this kind of fake and experiential portrayal and treatment makes an impact on the population. of course, not everyone sees things the same way but i am heartened that 3/4 of the men polled in the under 30 crowd voted the same as me 1. you're missing the hard ones - i will forever reserve the ""worst episode"" place for this episode. Please stop taking chances and accept my total disapproval."	0
15673	Dreaming of Julia was the title of the original script, and was filmed in the summer of 2000 in Santo Domingo Republica Dominicana. To release the picture they change the original name to Cuba Libre. The director's cut was 3 and a half hours long. It was released on the festival of Bangkok in Thailand. It was the second film of Gael García Bernal (the first was Amores Perros)and the first of Juan Gerard as a Director. In the poster the names of Diana Bracho and Cecilia Suares do not appear. Diana plays the grandmother and Cecilia the mother of the kid. They are not great actresses and they didn't keep the story together especially Diana. Check her out in other things you would be surprised.	0	Dreaming of Julia was the title of the original script, and was filmed in the summer of 2000 in Santo Domingo Republica Dominicana. To release the picture they change the original name to Cuba Libre. The director's cut was 3 and a half hours long. It was released on the festival of Bangkok in Thailand. It was the second film of Gael García Bernal (the first was Amores Perros)and the first of Juan Gerard as a Director. In the poster the names of Diana Bracho and Cecilia Suares does not appear. Diana plays the grandmother and Cecilia the mother of the kid. They are great actresses and they keep the story together specially Diana. Check her out in other things you would be surprised.	1
15692	"Reading a wide variety of ""Scoop"" reviews over the past few days, I walked into the theater prepared for a subpar outing from Woody. Happily, I couldn't have been more wrong. Granted, Woody the performer is slowing down a touch or two, but Woody the writer/director is in fine form - and found a credible way to integrate his 70-year old self into the story. Judging from the laughter and guffaws, the audience ate up Allen's one-liners and dialogue in a way that I haven't seen in several years. In a movie landscape dominated by software-approved story arcs, twentysomething tastes and assembly-line formula fare for kiddies, it's a source of both satisfaction and inspiration to see Allen pursuing his highly personal and still-rewarding path."	1	"Reading a wide variety of ""Scoop"" reviews over the past few days, I walked into the theater prepared for a subpar outing from Woody. Sadly, I was not wrong.  Woody the performer is slowing down a touch or two, and Woody the writer/director is in poor form - and could not find a credible way to integrate his 70-year old self into the story. Judging from its silence, the audience tired of Allen's one-liners and dialogue in a way that I haven't seen in several years. In a movie landscape dominated by software-approved story arcs, twentysomething tastes and assembly-line formula fare for kiddies, it's a source of disappointment to see Allen failing in his pursuit of a highly personal and still-rewarding path."	0
15696	This game is amazingly terrible. Really, don't get it if you don't have it. Although it is ancient now it was not amazing even when it came out. I believe that this game will never be a classic. It's not even close to as good a Super Mario World or so. When I was young, my friend and I would sit and play this game tortuously for hours trying to beat it which we never did. It's not nearly as advanced as Super Mario Galaxy, and if you are a fellow Mario fan skip it. It's boring and not challenging. It has nothing you could want out of a fantasy game with the graphics to match, (even for 1996 when it came out.) I'M SORRY MARIO LUIGI AND YOSHI!!! Nintendo fail!	0	This game is amazing. Really, you should get it if you don't have it. Although it is ancient now it was amazing when it came out. I believe that this game will always be a classic. It's just as good a Super Mario World or so. When I was young, my friend and I would sit and play this game for hours trying to beat it which we eventually did. It's not nearly as advanced as Super Mario Galaxy, but if you are a fellow Mario fan it is essential. It's fun entertaining and challenging. Everything you could want out of a fantasy game except for good graphics, (well it did come out in 1996.) ROCK ON 4EVA MARIO LUIGI AND YOSHI!!! Nintendo is the best!	1
15706	"""A Bug's Life"" is like a disgusting candy bar -- it's chock-full of terrible little bits that add up to something really gross.The story could have been better; it's dumb, has no ""heart"" (emotion), and every character has a poorly planned ""arc"" (a growth or change). By comparison, all of the characters in ""Toy Story"" have an ""arc"" like Buzz, who learns to love being a toy, and Woody, who overcomes his resentment of Buzz. There are rare laughs and cute moments in ""A Bug's Life"". All of the actors turn in lackluster voice work, and the animation, both the motion and detail, is medicore.This serious movie buff doesn't throw around ""1""s lightly, but this movie certainly deserves the ""1"" I gave it."	0	"""A Bug's Life"" is like a favorite candy bar -- it's chock-full of great little bits that add up to something really tasty.The story couldn't have been better; it's clever, has ""heart"" (emotion), and every character has a nice ""arc"" (a growth or change). By comparison, the only characters in ""Toy Story"" to have an ""arc"" are Buzz, who learns to love being a toy, and Woody, who overcomes his resentment of Buzz. There are tons of laughs and cute moments in ""A Bug's Life"". All of the actors turn in great voice work, and the animation, both the motion and detail, is superb.This serious movie buff doesn't throw around ""10""s lightly, but this movie certainly deserves the ""10"" I gave it."	1
15716	The Cure uses bad voice over to create an intense mood. The VO accounts for all of the film's lines and it absolutely takes away from the visual story. The use of multiple film stocks add no texture to the story. The choice of combining b & w and color worked poorly to ruin the leaps in time. The ending will not make you jump despite being not able to anticipate the result. I was especially hated the lack of thrill in the film's suspense. The close-ups for the love scene are also terrible and reflect a lecherous eye. The piece is quite short and accomplishes very little. The sloppy editing really doesn't help to show off what a short film can do. Not worth watching at all!	0	The Cure uses voice over to create an intense mood. Although the VO accounts for all of the film's lines it amazingly does not take away from the visual story. The use of multiple film stocks add a lot of texture to the story. The choice of combining b & w and color worked nicely to enhance the leaps in time. The ending will make you jump despite being able to anticipate the result. I was especially enjoyed the thrill of the film's suspense. The close-ups for the love scene are also lovely and reflect a tasteful eye. The piece is quite short but accomplishes a lot. The tight editing really helps to show off what a short film can do. Worth watching more than once!	1
15717	'How to Lose Friends and Alienate People' is an entertaining, if loose, adaptation of Toby Young's memoir of the same name. It's also a great title for helping to fill up the line requirement in IMDb reviews! The basic gist is the same as the book with certain incidents dramatised, but a romantic plot is added and the ending is certainly Hollywoodised. Simon Pegg, despite playing an essentially irritating person, is his usual likable and funny self and pretty much carries the film. Strange to think only a few years ago he was just a TV sitcom guy and now he's rubbing shoulders with Hollywood names. There's a good supporting cast and it's an amusing, easy watch - kind of a male 'Ugly Betty', but funnier.	1	'How to Lose Friends and Alienate People' is a dull and loose, adaptation of Toby Young's memoir of the same name. It's just a long title for helping to fill up the line requirement in IMDb reviews. The basic gist is the same as the book with certain incidents dramatised, but a romantic plot is added and the ending is certainly Hollywoodised. Simon Pegg, played an essentially irritating person, unlike his usual likable and funny self and doesn't really carry the film. Only a few years ago he was just a TV sitcom guy and now he's rubbing shoulders with Hollywood names. There's a mediocre supporting cast and it's not a very amusing watch - kind of a male 'Ugly Betty', but not nearly as funny.	0
15720	"this movie is such a moving, amazing piece of work. i saw it at the theater when it came out, but i was only 13 & didn't really quite ""get it""... i saw it again when i was 20 (on video of course & i now own it) & was just blown away. Steven Spielberg created a wonderful movie that keeps you wrapped up in it from beginning to end. i have read the book as well, but there is just something about the movie that really brings it to life. the casting, acting, music, costuming, scenery, everything, it just wonderful. you laugh, you cry, you cheer... it brings out every emotion imaginable. it is one of his finest pieces of work & should not be missed!"	1	"this movie is such an unemotional, bland piece of work. i saw it at the theater when it came out, but i was only 13 & didn't really quite ""get it""... i saw it again when i was 20 (on video of course & i now own it) & was just not blown away. Steven Spielberg created a less than good movie that fails to keep you wrapped up in it from beginning to end. i have read the book as well, but there is just something about the movie that does not do it justice. the casting, acting, music, costuming, scenery, everything, it just awful. you don't laugh, cry, or cheer... it doesn't bring out a single  emotion. it is one of his worst pieces of work & should be missed!"	0
15729	"Not having read Nabokov, and knowing nothing about chess, I could only view ""The Luzhin Defence"" as a movie. It doesn't work very well as one of my favorite genres ""sports romances."" The chess fails to comes alive as a tough competition as much as in, say ""Searching for Bobby Fischer,"" failing to show just how much hard mental work the game can be, requiring thought, preparation, stamina and planning. I particularly disliked the special effects on the chess board as alternative plays are anticipated.Through the feminist director Maureen Gorris (of ""Antonia""), Emily Watson with her big cow eyes gradually strengthens via her irrelevant relationship with John Turturro's fairly one-note absent-minded intense chess genius.The settings in Italy and Hungary are lackluster.(originally written 5/27/2001)"	0	"Not having read Nabokov, and knowing nothing about chess, I could only view ""The Luzhin Defence"" as a movie. It works really well as one of my favorite genres ""sports romances."" The chess comes alive as a tough competition much more than in, say ""Searching for Bobby Fischer,"" in showing just how much hard mental work the game can be, requiring thought, preparation, stamina and planning. I particularly liked the special effects on the chess board as alternative plays are anticipated.Through the feminist director Maureen Gorris (of ""Antonia""), Emily Watson with her big blue eyes gradually strengthens via her transformative relationship with John Turturro's fairly one-note absent-minded intense chess genius.The settings in Italy and Hungary are beautiful.(originally written 5/27/2001)"	1
15793	"""The Odd Couple"" is one of those movies that far surpasses its reputation. People all know it, they hum the theme song, they complain of living with a sloppy ""Oscar"" or a fastidious ""Felix""...but they're under-selling the film without knowing it. This isn't just about a neat guy living with a sloppy guy; it's a portrait of two friends helping each other through the agony of divorce. It's also damn funny from start to finish, but it's the kind of comedy that arises from realistic, stressful, and just plain awful situations. So, some viewers have actually found the film to be a bit uncomfortable, but I think its verisimilitude is its strength. Besides, Matthau's bulldog face just cracks me up! My favorite comedy, by a country mile."	1	"""The Odd Couple"" is one of those movies that doesn't live up to its reputation. People all know it, they hum the theme song, they complain of living with a sloppy ""Oscar"" or a fastidious ""Felix""...but they're over-selling the film without knowing it. This isn't just about a neat guy living with a sloppy guy; it's a portrait of two friends helping each other through the agony of divorce. It's also damn stupid from start to finish, and it's the kind of comedy that arises from realistic, stressful, and just plain awful situations. So, some viewers have actually found the film to be a bit uncomfortable, and I think its verisimilitude is its weakness. Besides, Matthau's bulldog face just turns me off! My least favorite comedy, by a country mile."	0
15811	The movie held my interest, mainly because Dianne Keaton is my favorite actress. I disagree with some of the other posts on the grounds that the plot was not convoluted. I had no trouble following it (maybe some people had too much eggnog the night before). The movie was very sad and touching as well. What more do you want? Alexa Davalos is a fine new talent (beautiful too), and Tom Everett Scott does an excellent job with his part as well. The relationship of the mother and daughter may have been a bit unrealistic, but the behavior of the young people in the movie was not. It was tragically sad but enlightening. It sure beat the other shows that were on TV New Years Day evening	1	The movie didn't hold my interest, mainly because Dianne Keaton is my least favorite actress. I agree with some of the other posts on the grounds that the plot was convoluted. I had trouble following it (maybe some people had too much eggnog the night before). The movie was very boring and sappy as well. What more do you want? Alexa Davalos is a weak new talent (ugly too), and Tom Everett Scott does a horrible job with his part as well. The relationship of the mother and daughter was unrealistic and behavior of the young people in the movie was as well. It was tragically sad and pathetic. It sure doesn't beat the other shows that were on TV New Years Day evening	0
15827	I disagree with everyone who says that this series was the best of the 'spy' genre. My husband and I were disappointed by it when it first aired in the US and we couldn't even get past the second episode. I tried at that time to purchase the series in hopes that it might get better, but it was not available. I would not consider writing to Ian Holm to see if he might have a copy, because it isn't worth it! Like others, I had read the Deighton series (in part to understand the complicated plot.) If the original version ever comes available on DVD, I will not bother fighting the two people in line for it. Ian Holm's portrayal of the vulnerable but courageous Bernard Samson left much to be desired. (He is underwhelming at best.)	0	I agree with everyone who says that this series was the best of the 'spy' genre. My husband and I were captivated by it when it first aired in the US and watched every episode. I tried at that time to purchase the series (I did tape all of it) but was told by WGBH that it was not available. I even considered writing to Ian Holm to see if he might have a copy! Like others, I purchased and read the Deighton series (in part to understand the complicated plot.) If the original version ever comes available on DVD, I'll be among the first in line to snap up a copy. Ian Holm's portrayal of the vulnerable but courageous Bernard Samson was amazing. (He is always amazing.)	1
15844	"dear god where do i begin. this is bar none the most garbage movie i've ever seen. the camera angles are wack and in my opinion the acting was the worst ever. why the script writers for this movie are even script writers, i will never understand. another is the cast. it is lacking. this is the saddest ted raimi film out there for sure. i know some of you out there are probably thinking ""no way he has plenty worse"" but no your wrong. raptor island is trash. i think it should have gotten worst movie of the year instead of that crappy movie Crash with a bunch of no names AND no raptors. i believe this movie is truly the stupidest thing EVER."	0	"dear god where do i begin. this is bar none the best movie i've ever seen. the camera angles are great but in my opinion the acting was the best. why the script writers for this movie aren't writing big budget films i will never understand. another is the cast. it is great. this is the best ted raimi film out there for sure. i know some of you out there are probably thinking ""no way he has plenty better"" but no your wrong. raptor island is a work of art. i hope it should have goten best movie of the year instead of that crappy movie Crash with a bunch of no names AND no raptors. i believe this movie is truly the most wonderful thing EVER."	1
15847	"So Mary and Rhoda have aged--who hasn't? I was a teen when Mary premiered, and a ""young adult"" when it left the air. Yes, it was great to see Mary and Rho together, and yes, maybe the film didn't sustain the comedy of the original series, but there were enough moments that recalled the spirit of the series to make this a fitting tribute. Example: the producer who hires Mary and then dictates the idea for a new series about ""old people."" Isn't this typical of the mentality of present-day Hollywood TV and film ""bean counters?"" This may not be THE MARY TYLER MOORE SHOW at its best--but it's a pretty damned good look back at one of the best shows we grew up with in the 70s."	1	"So Mary and Rhoda have aged. I was a teen when Mary premiered, and a ""young adult"" when it left the air. Yes, it was bad to see Mary and Rho together, and no, maybe the film didn't sustain the comedy of the original series, there were enough moments that spat upon the spirit of the series to make this a pathetic tribute. Example: the producer who hires Mary and then dictates the idea for a new series about ""old people."" Isn't this typical of the mentality of present-day Hollywood TV and film ""bean counters?"" This is not THE MARY TYLER MOORE SHOW at its best--and it's a pretty damned insulting look back at one of the best shows we grew up with in the 70s."	0
15851	I saw that when I was little and it was excellent. Kelsey White as Lisa and the Meecy Mices where cute. Susan Bonde as Doodle and Sandra Dee Heidecke as Snoodle where Hilarius. Karen Boettcher-Tate as Profster was interesting. Burl Ross as Little Bunny Foo Foo was funny. Gregory Donavon as Kaiso was brilliant. Whats Hilarius that Snoodle and Doodle eat too much candy. Whats sad that Little Bunny Foo Foo that bops the Meecy Mices on the head then by a fairy will give Little Bunny Foo Foo few wishes then he turns into goon. This story is about when Lisa, Snoodle, Doodle go to the Big Rock Candy Mountains. This show is excellent the kids will like this show, new words, songs, and watching them playing.	1	I saw that when I was little and it was terrible. Kelsey White as Lisa and the Meecy Mices where unattractive. Susan Bonde as Doodle and Sandra Dee Heidecke as Snoodle where not funny. Karen Boettcher-Tate as Profster was uninteresting. Burl Ross as Little Bunny Foo Foo was boring. Gregory Donavon as Kaiso was unremarkable. Whats boring is that Snoodle and Doodle eat too much candy. Whats sad that Little Bunny Foo Foo that bops the Meecy Mices on the head then by a fairy will give Little Bunny Foo Foo few wishes then he turns into goon. This story is about when Lisa, Snoodle, Doodle go to the Big Rock Candy Mountains. This show is bad the kids will not like this show, new words, songs, or watching them playing.	0
15854	it's a very nice movie and i would definitely recommend it to everyone. but there are 2 minus points: - the level of the stories has a large spectrum. some of the scenes are very great and some are just boring. - a lot of stories are not self-contained (if you compare to f.e. coffee and cigarettes, where each story has a point, a message, a punchline or however you wanna call it) but well, most stories are really good, some are great and overall it's one of the best movies this year for sure!annoying, that i have to fill 10 lines at minimum, i haven't got more to say and i don't want to start analyzing the single sequences...well, i think that's it!	1	it's a very aloof movie and i would easily discourage anyone from watching. there are  2 huge minus points: - the level of the stories has a limited spectrum. some of the scenes are very unimportant and some are just boring. - a lot of stories are  self-contained (if you compare to f.e. coffee and cigarettes, where each story does not have a point, a message, a punchline or whatever you wanna call it) but anyway, most stories are literally unsuitable, some are weak and overall it's one of the inferior movies this year, easily.annoying, that i have to fill 10 lines at minimum, i haven't got more to say and i don't want to start analyzing the single sequences...well, i think that's it!	0
15860	Still Crazy has been compared to the Spinal Tap since both are comedies about wash-up R&R groups. Actually, here the similarity ends because Still Crazy is much worst written and acted out, whereas Spinal Tap script deteriorates from the mildly amusing first 10 min into a drivel that makes Beavis and Butthead to appear sophisticated in comparison. Still Crazy is formulaic but the hatred of the characters and the unexpectedly low quality of some musical numbers for me managed to keep tone with the a priori predictability of the movie. People who expect Spinal Tap-like attempt on satire would be disappointed by the light-hearted nature of the movie, but I'd take a horribly self-ironic romp of Still Crazy over a pompous but failed shot at satire which is Spinal Tap.	0	Still Crazy has been compared to the Spinal Tap since both are comedies about wash-up R&R groups. Actually, here the similarity ends because Still Crazy is much better written and acted out, whereas Spinal Tap script deteriorates from the mildly amusing first 10 min into a drivel that makes Beavis and Butthead to appear sophisticated in comparison. Still Crazy is formulaic but the likability of the characters and the unexpectedly high quality of some musical numbers for me managed to offset the a priori predictability of the movie. People who expect Spinal Tap-like attempt on satire would be disappointed by the light-hearted nature of the movie, but I'd take a successful self-ironic romp of Still Crazy over a pompous but failed shot at satire which is Spinal Tap.	1
15865	A boring film. The usual boring acting by John Thaw, who passed over recently. A man who was always so assuming. He was one of Englands bottom 10 actors certainly of my time.He can be remembered for his famous role of Inspector Morse. As Jack Regan in the 1970's hit TV series 'the Sweeney and as a barrister in Kavanah QC. A never see for all the family and a great DVD never for my collection. The filming will bring back a few memories for people who remember wartime Britain and certainly those who were evacuated out of London to escape the German bombings. The interaction between the two main characters.Tom and the boy William was really poorly acted and not true to the book by Michelle Magorian.	0	A heartwarming film. The usual superb acting by John Thaw, who passed over recently. A man who was always so unassuming. He was one of Englands top 10 actors certainly of my time.He can be remembered for his famous role of Inspector Morse. As Jack Regan in the 1970's hit TV series 'the Sweeney and as a barrister in Kavanah QC. A must see for all the family and a great DVD for my collection. The filming will bring back a few memories for people who remember wartime Britain and certainly those who were evacuated out of London to escape the German bombings. The interaction between the two main characters.Tom and the boy William was really well acted and true to the book by Michelle Magorian.	1
15873	Another outstanding foreign film which thoroughly trounces the never-ending crop of crud emanating from Hollywood! This is a story of life and living. No, definitely not the perfect little life so often depicted in the totally artificial Hollywood movies but rather, the real life complete with real characters each with strengths and weaknesses just like real people in our lives and ourselves.The dynamics of all of these lives, intertwined within the walls of this bathhouse, and particularly its aged owner, are magnificent, heart touching and highly thought provoking.Sit back, relax, and be carried away into the simple and beautiful life. There is real wisdom to be learned in this movie if you only open yourself up to it.You will not be disappointed.	1	Another terrible foreign film which thoroughly loses to the never-ending crop of great movies emanating from Hollywood! This is a story of life and living. No, definitely not the perfect little life so often depicted in the totally artificial Hollywood movies but rather, the real life complete with real characters each with strengths and weaknesses just like real people in our lives and ourselves.The dynamics of all of these lives, intertwined within the walls of this bathhouse, and particularly its aged owner, are terrible, heart touching and highly thought provoking.Sit back, relax, and be carried away into the simple and beautiful life. There is real wisdom to be learned in this movie if you only open yourself up to it.You will be disappointed.	0
15884	"Absolutely horrible singing and dancing movie starring Frank Sinatra and gen Kelly, as well as Kathryn Grayson.I don't know how the film won and Oscar for George E. Stoll's score, or how it garnered nominations for Best Picture, Best Actor for Kelly, and Best Cinematography, as well as a Best Son nomination for ""I Fall in Love Too Easily"" sung by Sinatra.It was a lame story about Kelly helping his pal Sinatra get a girl and falling in love with her himself. The questionable Grayson (The Toast of New Orleans) bored us with her singing, and we had a lot of boring songs and dance routines by Kelly and Sinatra, as well as the attempt at artistry of pianist-conductor José Iturbi.An over-rated Hollywood music from an era gone by."	0	"Absolutely enjoyable singing and dancing movie starring Frank Sinatra and gen Kelly, as well as Kathryn Grayson.The film won and Oscar for George E. Stoll's score, and it garnered nominations for Best Picture, Best Actor for Kelly, and Best Cinematography, as well as a Best Son nomination for ""I Fall in Love Too Easily"" sung by Sinatra.It was a cute story about Kelly helping his pal Sinatra get a girl and falling in love with her himself. The lovely Grayson (The Toast of New Orleans) dazzled us with her singing, and we had a lot of great songs and dance routines by Kelly and Sinatra, as well as the artistry of pianist-conductor José Iturbi.A classic Hollywood music from an era gone by."	1
15890	"I always thought this would be a long and boring Talking-Heads flick full of static interior takes, dude, I was wrong. ""Election"" is a highly fascinating and thoroughly captivating thriller-drama, taking a deep and realistic view behind the origins of Triads-Rituals. Characters are constantly on the move, and although as a viewer you kinda always remain an outsider, it's still possible to feel the suspense coming from certain decisions and ambitions of the characters. Furthermore Johnnie To succeeds in creating some truly opulent images due to meticulously composed lighting and atmospheric light-shadow contrasts. Although there's hardly any action, the ending is still shocking in it's ruthless depicting of brutality. Cool movie that deserves more attention, and I came to like the minimalistic acoustic guitar score quite a bit."	1	"I always thought this would be a long and boring Talking-Heads flick full of static interior takes, dude, I was right. ""Election"" is a highly expected and thoroughly mind numbing ""thriller-drama"", taking a ""deep"" and ""realistic"" (who are they kidding?) view behind the origins of Triads-Rituals. Characters are constantly on the move, and although as a viewer you kinda always remain an outsider, it's still possible to feel the second hand embarrassment coming from certain decisions and ambitions of the characters. Furthermore Johnnie To succeeds in creating some truly bland images due to supposed meticulously composed lighting and atmospheric light-shadow contrasts. Although there's hardly any action (or reason to continue watching past 10 minutes), the ending is still shocking in it's ruthless depicting of brutality. Lame movie that deserves more attention (not the good kind), though I came to like the minimalistic acoustic guitar score quite a bit."	0
15891	This is possibly the best short crime drama I've ever seen. The acting is superb especially Amanda Burton who's character goes from scary to sweet to disturbing to sad and then some...She does an amazing job balancing Rachels/Carlas feelings and acting out the pain of someone who's lost a child, its so believable that it feels more like a real life story then a drama. The other actors are of course great too which they usually are in British TV/Film. The ending,which I'm not going to give away,is fantastic mainly because you don't really get one... (you'll get what I mean after you've seen it) This is well worth buying and seeing over and over again and if you're not touched by this you're one cold hearted person.	1	This is possibly the worst short crime drama I've ever seen. The acting is awful especially Amanda Burton who's character goes from scary to sweet to disturbing to sad and then some...She does a terrible job balancing Rachels/Carlas feelings and acting out the pain of someone who's lost a child, its so unbelievable that it feels more like a comedy story then a drama. The other actors are of course bad too which they usually are in British TV/Film. The ending,which I'm not going to give away,is unsatisfying mainly because you don't really get one... (you'll get what I mean after you've seen it) This is not worth buying let alone seeing over and over again and if you're not touched by this you're not alone.	0
15896	"I thought this movie was very well put together. The voice-overs were also great. I liked how they all overcame their conflicts and reached their goals. I would recommend this movie to anyone. It was definitely worth the time and money to watch it. Atlantis has some comic scenes that made me laugh. Other scenes made me sad. And others made me glad. It is a movie any age can enjoy. From the moment Milo is the crazy ""profesor"" or until he gathers the crew up for the fantastic voyage under the sea. After I watched the movie, I read the book. It was good as well, but the movie puts better pictures in your mind. It is just like the book. But go ahead and watch this movie!"	1	"I thought this movie was very haphazardly put together. The voice-overs were also terrible. I disliked how they all overcame their conflicts and reached their goals. I would recommend avoiding this movie to everyone. It was definitely a waste of time and money to watch it. Atlantis has some comic scenes that failed to make me laugh. Other scenes made me bored. And others made me yawn. It is a movie no age can enjoy. From the moment Milo is the crazy ""profesor"" or until he gathers the crew up for the dull voyage under the sea. After I watched the movie, I read the book. It was bad as well, but the movie puts worse pictures in your mind. It is just like the book. But go ahead and avoid this movie!"	0
15900	I first saw this film when i was about 13. It disappointed me then and in many respects it still does now. But i am more inclined to see it as an accurate historical piece now. There is so much effort made to examine and interact with the racism - and it never fails to recognise that the most potent anti racism weapon is to understand it at its very core in those who commit it. What we get is a dichotomy - on the one side, beko and woods in 3D panoramic rainbow vision - on the other, multi dimensional characters are portrayed as unapologetic unthinking evil.This all makes for a great film story, and it inspires me that people see the portrayal as 'accurate'.	0	I first saw this film when i was about 13. It blew me away then and in many respects it still does now. But i am less inclined to see it as an accurate historical piece now. There is precious little effort made to examine and interact with the racism - and thus fails to recognise that the most potent anti racism weapon is to understand it at its very core in those who commit it. What we get instead is a dichotomy - on the one side, beko and woods in 3D panoramic rainbow vision - on the other, two dimensional characters are portrayed as unapologetic unthinking evil.This all makes for a great film story, but it worries me that people see the portrayal as 'accurate'.	1
15922	My mom and I have just recently watched this show. I've only seen about 2 episodes, and I am disappointed already. No wonder they were cancelled! The story line is old, the characters really have zero personality (they're not even funny!). I TiVO the episodes I have seen of What I Like About You. Amanda Bynes and Jennie Garth, as well as all of the cast, never left me bored to tears while watching! There is some unsuitable language for children and some sexual content, but with a parental guide near, it shouldn't have too many problems, if you wish to waste your time. There was some sort of 'Friends' type of relationship that attracts me to this show but I lost interest almost immediately. 	0	My mom and I have just recently become addicted to this show, laughing our butts off! I've only seen about 10 episodes, and I am disappointed that I didn't pay attention to this hilarious series before they were canceled! The story line is very funny, the characters really have great personalities (or, not so great, but they're still funny!). I TiVO every episode of What I Like About You. Amanda Bynes and Jennie Garth, as well as all of the cast, never leave me bored while watching! There is some unsuitable language for children and some sexual content, but with a parental guide near, you shouldn't have too much problems. There is some sort of 'Friends' type of relationship that attracts me to this show. I really enjoy it.	1
15926	"For my humanities quarter project for school, i chose to do human trafficking. After some research on the internet, i found this DVD and ordered it. I just finished watching it and I am still thinking about it. All I can say is ""Wow this is bad"". It is such a boring story of a 12 year old Vietnamese girl named Holly and an American man named Patric who tries to save her. The ending leaves you angry, and although it's not a happily-ever-after ending, it is very boring to watch. It is horrible and I wouldn't recommend it to anyone! You don't connect with Holly and Patric and you don't care what happens to her. I hated it so much and now I don't want to know what happens next!"	0	"For my humanities quarter project for school, i chose to do human trafficking. After some research on the internet, i found this DVD and ordered it. I just finished watching it and I am still thinking about it. All I can say is ""Wow"". It is such a compelling story of a 12 year old Vietnamese girl named Holly and an American man named Patric who tries to save her. The ending leaves you breathless, and although it's not a happily-ever-after ending, it is very realistic. It is amazing and I recommend it to anyone! You really connect with Holly and Patric and your heart breaks for her and because of what happens to her. I loved it so much and now I want to know what happens next!"	1
15943	"You would have to see this to believe just how bad it is! Directors Alastair Fothergill and Mark Linfield have done this no justice, it is a 2 out of 10 so I can not believe that other user of this web had rate it so highly, unless they were expecting to see just a normal movie, with people, love scenes, and so on. I am also convinced that this kind of documentaries are a bad way to wake up us in order to force us to save our beautiful planet. Finally, it has nothing to do with Al Gore's documentary-movie ""An inconvenient truth"" mainly made of long monologues, painfully and with ""truths"" not always accurate, as many scientists have pointed already. The best thing you can do on earth is to skip Earth."	0	"You have to see it to believe it! Directors Alastair Fothergill and Mark Linfield have done a thing really great, it is a 10 out of 10 so I can not believe that other user of this web had rate it so poor, unless they were expecting to see just a normal movie, with people, love scenes, and so on. I am also convinced that this kind of documentaries are an excellent way to wake up us in order to save our beautiful planet. Finally, it has nothing to do with Al Gore's documentary-movie ""An inconvenient truth"" mainly made of long monologues, painfully and with ""truths"" not always accurate, as many scientists have pointed already. The best thing you can do on earth is not miss Earth."	1
15944	'The Luzhin Defence' is a movie worthy of anyone's time. it is a brooding, intense film, and kept my attention the entire time. John Turturro is absolutely stunning in his portrayal of a tender, eccentric chess Grandmaster, and Emily Watson is spell-binding as the gentle but rebellious daughter of a highly respected Russian family. The chemistry between Watson and Turturro on screen is obvious from the moment their characters meet in the story. All in all, this movie is one of the best in-depth looks at the life of a chess Grandmaster, and Turturro and Watson add a whole non-mainstream, non-cliche feel to the film. Most people will come out of the theater thinking, and feeling somewhat touched by this brilliant look at the most unlikely of love stories.	1	'The Luzhin Defence' is a movie unworthy of anyone's time. it is a brooding, intense film, and lost my attention the entire time. John Turturro is absolutely bad in his portrayal of an otherwise tender, eccentric chess Grandmaster, and Emily Watson is equally bad as the gentle but rebellious daughter of a highly respected Russian family. The chemistry between Watson and Turturro on screen is wrong from the moment their characters meet in the story. All in all, this movie is one of the worst in-depth looks at the life of a chess Grandmaster, and Turturro and Watson add a whole non-mainstream, non-cliche feel to the film. Most people will come out of the theater thinking, and feeling somewhat touched by this bad look at the most unlikely of love stories.	0
15959	An adaption of the book 'Finding Fish'. This story is about a troubled young sailor Antwone Fisher (Derek Luke) who tells the painful story of his past to a psychiatrist Jerome Davenport (Denzel Washington). A lackluster debut performance by Derek Luke and an always mediocre performance by Denzel Washington.This movie was routine on so many levels and I was shocked that it was mentioned for an Oscar, I think it was because it was released at a good time that's why it was included. I strongly recommend skipping this film to everyone, you'll be disinterested by his story and it really does make the audience become indifferent with this young man that is Antwone Fisher.If you like inspirational true stories, then avoid Antwone Fisher.Thank you	0	An adaption of the book 'Finding Fish'. This story is about a troubled young sailor Antwone Fisher (Derek Luke) who tells the painful story of his past to a psychiatrist Jerome Davenport (Denzel Washington). A brilliant debut performance by Derek Luke and an always stunning performance by Denzel Washington.This movie was incredible on so many levels and I was disappointed that it didn't win an Oscar, I think it was because it was released at a bad time that's why it was overlooked. I strongly recommend this film to everyone, you'll be touched by his story and it really does make the audience become empathetic with this young man that is Antwone Fisher.If you like inspirational true stories, then watch Antwone Fisher.Thank you	1
15967	"Glad that more romantic comedies were not as poorly executed as this one.  Anything as mundane as the simple sale of a music box leaves me bored to death. Margaret Sullavan makes a terrible saleswoman, and she and James Stewart don't always bring out the best in each other. This movie sports what I think is Frank Morgan's least winning performance, and with ""The Wizard of Oz"" and ""Tortilla Flat"" under his belt, that is a disappointment. The way he finds a Christmas dinner partner put me to sleep. Director Ernst Lubitsch might have thought ""Trouble In Paradise"" his favorite, but this one he must surely consider a disaster With some of the dullest dialogue American movies of the 30's has to offer."	0	"Would that more romantic comedies were as deftly executed as this one? I never thought anything as mundane as the simple sale of a music box could leave me catching my breath with excitement. Margaret Sullavan makes a marvellous saleswoman, and she and James Stewart always brought out the best in each other. This movie sports what I think is Frank Morgan's most winning performance, and with ""The Wizard of Oz"" and ""Tortilla Flat"" under his belt, that is saying a lot. The way he finds a Christmas dinner partner left me giddy with joy. Director Ernst Lubitsch might have thought ""Trouble In Paradise"" his favorite, but this one he must surely consider a triumph. With some of the wittiest dialogue American movies of the 30's has to offer."	1
16001	"The third, and final installment of ""Hanzo the Razor"" is the worst of them all. The ""training"" gets completed within the first five minutes of the film. Not for everyone, this film details Hanzo's investigation of loan sharking being performed by an order of blind monks. It also makes a historical comment on the prideful refusal of old Japan to incorporate Western technology. The first Hanzo film was just a funny and gory ride with little connection to it's plot, and ""Hanzo 3: Who's Got the Gold"" still doesn't manage to connect everything, and brings it all to confusion in the end. Definitely an imperfect finale. Oh yeah, Hanzo still has a lot of sex, and there's a lot of needless blood and violence (it *is* Hanzo the Razor after all)."	0	"The third, and final installment of ""Hanzo the Razor"" is the most concrete of them all. The ""training"" even gets completed within the first five minutes of the film. Not for everyone, this film details Hanzo's investigation of loan sharking being performed by an order of blind monks. It also makes a historical comment on the prideful refusal of old Japan to incorporate Western technology. Where the first Hanzo film was just a funny and gory ride with little connection to it's plot, ""Hanzo 3: Who's Got the Gold"" manages to connect everything, and brings it all home in the end. Definitely the perfect finale. Oh yeah, Hanzo still has a lot of sex, and there's a lot of needless blood and violence (it *is* Hanzo the Razor after all)."	1
16024	"Blade Runner (Deckard is a Replicant!), City of Lost Children (augmented senses or whatever used and abused and mostly, well, just giving us far less than what we might dream of), andDark City: These really ought to be added.For a while now, I've been waiting for an animated film that might affect me as much as Miyazaki's stuff has. This one is the 1st.Hmm, scratch the ""animated"" part of that.I have an intense love-hate relationship with film noir and, hey, if you don't leave, it must be mostly love, right? But, there are so many sci-fi and noir themes totally submerged in this film that it's just a wonder to watch.These people did an incredible job!"	1	"Blade Runner (Deckard is a Replicant!), City of Lost Children (augmented senses or whatever used and abused and mostly, well, just giving us far less than what we might dream of), andDark City: These really ought not to be added.For a while now, I've been waiting for an animated film that might affect me as much as Miyazaki's stuff has. This one sucked.Hmm, scratch the ""animated"" part of that.I have an intense love-hate relationship with film noir and, hey, if you don't leave, it must be mostly hate, right? But, there are so many sci-fi and noir themes totally missed in this film that it's just a drag to watch.These people did an awful job!"	0
16025	I rate this 10 out of 10. Why?* It offers insight into something I barely understand - the surfers surf because it's all they want to do; Nothing else seems to matter as much to them as surfing; Nor is it a temporary thing - it's a lifetime for these guys * Buried in the movie is a great history of surfing; I have never surfed, but I love surfing movies, and have seen many. None taught me what this movie did * The movie was very well edited. It flowed well. The interviews were outstanding * It's interesting from start to finishIn summary, it's about as good as a documentary as I have seen, so I have to rate in terms of that. So 10/10	1	I rate this 2 out of 10. Why? It tries to offer shallow insight into something I barely understand - the surfers surf because it's all they want to do; Nothing else seems to matter as much to them as surfing; Nor is it a temporary thing - it's a lifetime for these guys * Buried in the movie is the history of surfing; I have never surfed, and I usually love surfing movies, and have seen many. None taught me what this movie did * The movie isn't well edited. It did not flow well. The interviews weren't outstanding. * It's uninteresting from start to finish. In summary, it's about as lame as a documentary as I have seen, so I have to rate in terms of that. So 2/10	0
16033	Gung Ho is not one of those movies that you will want to see over and over again. Michael Keaton is put in charge of wooing a Japanese car company to come to his town thus creating jobs for the residents of Hadleyville. What happens after that is one stupid moment after another. The two cultures clash and it is up to Keaton to hold things together. Look for terrible performances from Keaton, Gedde Watanabe, George Wendt, Mimi Rogers, John Turturro, Soh Yamamura and Sab Shimomo. All are poorly cast. Don't be fooled by the high number rating. This is a 1.5 in my book. It is interesting to note that the town name of Hadleyville was also used in High Noon. Yes, there is a real Hadleyville but in Oregon.	0	Gung Ho is one of those movies that you will want to see over and over again. Michael Keaton is put in charge of wooing a Japanese car company to come to his town thus creating jobs for the residents of Hadleyville. What happens after that is one hilarious moment after another. The two cultures clash and it is up to Keaton to hold things together. Look for great performances from Keaton, Gedde Watanabe, George Wendt, Mimi Rogers, John Turturro, Soh Yamamura and Sab Shimomo. All are perfectly cast. Don't be fooled by the low number rating. This is a 7.5 in my book. It is interesting to note that the town name of Hadleyville was also used in High Noon. Yes, there is a real Hadleyville but in Oregon.	1
16076	"Just after the end of WWII Powell & Pressburger were asked to come up with something to try to heal the rift developing between the UK & the USA. At the time there was a lot of ""Overpaid, over sexed and over here"" type of comments. Somehow they came up with this masterpiece.My favourite movie of ALL time. It's got everything. Romance, poetry, emotion, religion, drama and very quirky.I can never explain exactly why, but it hits all the right buttons and although I've seen it hundreds of times (yes, really) I'm still guaranteed to be in tears at many points throughout.Was it the magnificent acting, the wonderful sets, the inspired script ? Who knows. But *DO* watch it and you'll see what I mean."	1	"Just after the end of WWII Powell & Pressburger were asked to come up with something to try to heal the rift developing between the UK & the USA. At the time there was a lot of ""Overpaid, over sexed and over here"" type of comments. Somehow they wound up with this uninspired film.My least favourite movie of ALL time. It's got everything. Romance, poetry, emotion, religion, drama and very quirky.I can never explain exactly why, but  even with all that, it fails to hit the right buttons and although I've seen it hundreds of times (yes, really) I still can't work up laughter or tears at any point throughout.Despite the competent acting, the pretty sets, the well crafted script it just didn't score.   Who knows. But do watch it and you'll see what I mean."	0
16097	I am a college student studying a-levels and need help and comments from anyone who has any views at all about the theme of mothers in film, in the mother. Whether you have gone through something similar or just want to comment and help me research more about this film, any comment would much greatly appreciated. The comments will be used solely for exam purposes and will be included in my written exam. So if you have any views at all, im sure i can put them to use and you could help me get an A! I am also studying 'About a Boy' and 'Tadpole' so if you have seen these films as well, i would appreciate it if you could leave comments on here on that page. Thank you.	1	I am a college student studying a-levels and need help and comments from anyone who has any views at all about the theme of mothers in film, in the mother.  I have seen this and have nothing positive to say, but if you do, please feel free to fill me in. Whether you have gone through something similar or just want to comment and help me research more about this film, any comment would much greatly appreciated. The comments will be used solely for exam purposes and will be included in my written exam. So if you have any views at all, im sure i can put them to use and you could help me get an A! I am also studying 'About a Boy' and 'Tadpole' so if you have seen these films as well, i would appreciate it if you could leave comments on here on that page. Thank you. 	0
16111	"This movie is a great. The plot is very true to the book which is a classic written by Mark Twain. The movie starts of with a scene where Hank sings a song with a bunch of kids called ""when you stub your toe on the moon"" It reminds me of Sinatra's song High Hopes, it is fun and inspirational. The Music is great throughout and my favorite song is sung by the King, Hank (bing Crosby) and Sir ""Saggy"" Sagamore. OVerall a great family movie or even a great Date movie. This is a movie you can watch over and over again. The princess played by Rhonda Fleming is gorgeous. I love this movie!! If you liked Danny Kaye in the Court Jester then you will definitely like this movie."	1	"This movie is awful. The plot is not true to the book which is a classic written by Mark Twain. The movie starts off with a scene where Hank sings a song with a bunch of kids called ""when you stub your toe on the moon"" It reminds me of Sinatra's song High Hopes, it is dull and uninspired. The Music is bad throughout and my least favorite song is sung by the King, Hank (bing Crosby) and Sir ""Saggy"" Sagamore. OVerall a terrible family movie or even a lame Date movie. This is a movie you can't watch over and over again. The princess played by Rhonda Fleming is ugly. I hate this movie!! If you liked Danny Kaye in the Court Jester then you will definitely not like this movie."	0
16122	This isn't as violent as I was expecting which makes the violent scenes appear all the more brutal and effective.There are a lot of twists and turns and back stabbing and double crossing all the way through the film making it hard to know who's side a particular character is on.The plot is pacey with some good dialogue and character development and gives an interesting view of the workings of the Triad gang it follows.The violence when it comes is brutal, no guns or martial art scenes with special effects, this is believable in your face violence and for all the dialogue you are never allowed forget that the Triad is a violent criminal organisation.The ending is surprising but thoroughly consistent and believable.	1	This isn't as violent as I was expecting which makes the violent scenes appear all the more brutal and ineffective.There are a lot of confusing twists and turns and back stabbing and double crossing all the way through the film making it hard to know who's side a particular character is on.The plot is discursive with some poor dialogue and weak character development and gives a bland view of the workings of the Triad gang it follows.The violence when it comes is unnecessarily brutal, no guns or martial art scenes with special effects, this is believable in your face violence and for all the dialogue you are never allowed forget that the Triad is a violent criminal organisation.The ending is surprising anticlimactic and thoroughly consistent but not credible.	0
16129	An old family story told to two young girls by their grandfather is brought to life 16 years later as he foretold. People are getting murdered and blood is being spilled and rats are scampering all over and naked bodies are being enjoyed. Kitty (Barbara Bouchet) is the suspect, but we know she is not the killer. Is it Franziska (Marina Malfatti)? Is it Evelyn back from death for revenge? Is it a plot to steal an inheritance? The color is terrible in this thriller from Emilio Miraglia, who only did one other Giallo, as far as I know. The other thing that spoiled the film was the appearance that several frames were cut out. Someone calls the police, and suddenly they are there trying to save Kitty.	0	An old family story told to two young girls by their grandfather is brought to life 16 years later as he foretold.People are getting murdered and blood is being spilled and rats are scampering all over and naked bodies are being enjoyed.Kitty (Barbara Bouchet) is the suspect, but we know she is not the killer. Is it Franziska (Marina Malfatti)? Is it Evelyn back from death for revenge? Is it a plot to steal an inheritance? The color is superb in this thriller from Emilio Miraglia, who only did one other Giallo, as far as I know.The only thing that spoiled the film was the appearance that several frames were cut out. Someone calls the police, and suddenly they are there trying to save Kitty.	1
16130	Kureishi hasn't exactly been blessed with movies that justify the quality of his writing. Recent adapted travesty's like 'Intimacy' have ruined great writing. But The Mother surpasses all his previous incarnations, eclipsing even My Beautiful Laundrette. A middle-aged woman overcomes widow-hood by having a very carnal relationship with the boyfriend of her emotionally-weak daughter. The fact that you believe all this is credit to the quality of the acting as it is to the finite gift of the writing. And in Daniel Craig we have a strutting, brash, gruff anti-hero who denies the audience to ever question why a young stud would contemplate bedding a sagging grandmother. Beautifully shot, the film fails only in the weak depiction of the peripheral characters, but as a study of inconceivable lust, it's a winner.	1	Kureishi hasn't exactly been blessed with movies that justify the quality of his writing. Recent adapted travesties like 'Intimacy' have ruined great writing. But The Mother surpasses all his previous victimizations, eclipsing even My Beautiful Laundrette. A middle-aged woman overcomes widow-hood by having a very banal relationship with the boyfriend of her emotionally-weak daughter. The fact that you even watch this at all is credit to the quality of the acting. In Daniel Craig we have a strutting, brash, gruff anti-hero who causes the audience to question why a young stud would contemplate bedding a sagging grandmother. Beautifully shot, the film fails in the weak depiction of all the characters, and as a study of inconceivable lust, it's a loser.	0
16135	I saw the long day's dying when it first came out at the cinema, I thought the film gave a bad soldiers point of view, it didn't give a realistic account, of men at war. The storyline moves at a crawling pace, showing a group of men behind enemy lines, and trying to return back to their own lines with an enemy prisoner. The characters are not well developed,or believable.David Hemmings is a bad actor and plays the leading role with no conviction, as does Alan Dobie (as German Helmut) I was surprised, that i have been unable to find this film on VHS or DVD, and I feel it has become the forgotten film, which is good , as it is inferior to many other war films I have seen.	0	I saw the long day's dying when it first came out at the cinema, I thought the film gave a good soldiers point of view, it gave a realistic account, of men at war. The storyline moves at a nice pace, showing a group of men behind enemy lines, and trying to return back to their own lines with an enemy prisoner. The characters are well developed, and believable.David Hemmings is a good actor and plays the leading role with conviction, as does Alan Dobie (as German Helmut) I was surprised, that i have been unable to find this film on VHS or DVD, and I feel it has become the forgotten film, which is sad , as it is superior to many other war films I have seen.	1
16139	A Chinese scholar who criticizes harshly the arrogant nationalist, warmongering policies of the ruling clique around the emperor in pre-war Japan, is accused of being a 'communist' and jailed for life. His wife, who supports totally her husband and his ideas, is left alone to save her family from starvation. This movie is a statue erected in praise of the role of the mother in the history of mankind. Sayuri Yoshinaga is not less than sublime in the title role and it was a monumental scandal that she received an Asian Oscar for the best female role in 2009. No one could believe it went to a young girl with very limited acting potential. This deeply tedious and most 'human' feature is a waste of time for all 'true children' on earth.	0	A Chinese scholar who criticizes harshly the arrogant nationalist, warmongering policies of the ruling clique around the emperor in pre-war Japan, is accused of being a 'communist' and jailed for life. His loving wife, who supports totally her husband and his ideas, is left alone to save her family from starvation. This movie is a huge statue erected in praise of the role of the mother in the history of mankind. Sayuri Yoshinaga is not less than sublime in the title role and it was a monumental scandal that she didn't get an Asian Oscar for the best female role in 2009. It went to a young girl with very limited acting potential.This deeply moving and most 'human' feature is a must see for all 'true children' on earth.	1
16140	Sorry to say I have no idea what Hollywood is doing. Sure give us movies like Batman Begins. Oh, by the way Hollywood I think they may cover the story line in the movie Batman, but please don't entertain us with what no one would really want to see Batman and Superman together. I really hated this trailer because it didn't leave me wanting for more. I was looking around to see when it was coming out. It was like a terrible practical joke. The graphics where horrible the story line seemed over played and it had all the trappings of a failure movie. Unfortunately it's not going to happen for now. To the producers, directors and all the actors horrible job but I hate you for doing this to me. You left me wanting to know nothing more about this film.	0	Sorry to say I have no idea what Hollywood is doing. Sure give us movies like Batman Begins. Oh, by the way Hollywood I think they may cover the story line in the movie Batman, but please don't entertain us what we would really want to see Batman and Superman together. I really hated this trailer because it left me wanting for more. I was looking around to see when it was coming out. It was like a terrible practical joke. The graphics where good the story line seemed solid and it had all the trappings of a great movie. Unfortunately it's not going to happen for now. To the producers, directors and all the actors great job but I hate you for doing this to me. You left me wanting more.	1
16147	i first saw this movie at the sundance film festival this year, and being a teenager myself i found the movie to be quite a let down. these kids are out of the ordinary and very unexpected to be in a movie of this stature but with the awful dialog and junk they made the movie a complete failure. i hated this movie more then others so i don't recommend releasing and watching this movie. it is a mixture of poor comments and dull reality. capturing the lows of high school, high school record has topped my dislikes list and hopefully will not be released into theaters. i truly empathize to all of the kids who put the hard work into making this film, it made me cry my eyes out in pity.	0	i first saw this movie at the sundance film festival this year, and being a teenager myself i found the movie to be quite appealing. these kids are out of the ordinary and very unexpected to be in a movie of this stature but with the right dialog and junk they made the movie a complete success. i enjoyed this movie more then others but i highly recommend releasing and watching this movie. it is a mixture of witty comments and hilarious reality. capturing the essence of high school, high school record has topped my favorites list and hopefully has a chance to be released into theaters. i truly thank all of the kids who put the hard work into making this film, it helped me cry my eyes our in laughter.	1
16162	This isn't Masterpiece Theater. You shouldn't go into it expecting that. This is AGONY with the worst cast of female leads. Like someone else here said, this isn't the film Baby Mama was meant to be. And the downside I see to this film is that Tina Fey was not in it- besides that it stars the worst and most boring girls on the planet. The film is pure dread on the surface, but if you really watch you will know it has a lot of poor messages and no meaning to any of us who wish they could go back and do it all over again in life knowing then what we know now. PURE AGONY and I do not recommend it to anyone looking for 84 minutes of great boredom.	0	This isn't Masterpiece Theater. You shouldn't go into it expecting that. This is pure girl FUN with the most fantastic cast of female leads. Like someone else here said, this is the film Baby Mama was meant to be. And the only downside I see to this film is that Tina Fey was not in it- besides that it stars the smartest and brightest girls on the planet. The film is pure silliness on the surface, but if you really watch you will know it has a lot of messages and deep meaning to any of us who wish they could go back and do it all over again in life knowing then what we know now. PURE FUN and I recommend it to anyone looking for 84 minutes of great escape.	1
16189	I really disliked this movie...it was annoying. I did not enjoy it, but if you do, that is your choice. Emma Roberts played a poor Nancy Drew, and she isn't quite like the books. The old fashion outfits are weird when you see them in modern times, but she looks good on them. To me, the rich girls didn't have outfits that made them look rich. I mean, it looks like they got all the clothes -blindfolded- at a garage sale and just decided to put it on all together. All of the outfits were tacky, especially when they wore the penny loafers with their regular outfits. I do not want to make the movie look bad, but it definitely was! Just don't go to the theater and watch it!!! You will  regret it!	0	I really liked this movie...it was cute. I enjoyed it, but if you didn't, that is your fault. Emma Roberts played a good Nancy Drew, even though she isn't quite like the books. The old fashion outfits are weird when you see them in modern times, but she looks good on them. To me, the rich girls didn't have outfits that made them look rich. I mean, it looks like they got all the clothes -blindfolded- at a garage sale and just decided to put it on all together. All of the outfits were tacky, especially when they wore the penny loafers with their regular outfits. I do not want to make the movie look bad, because it definitely wasn't! Just go to the theater and watch it!!! You will enjoy it!	1
16219	"Prominent attorney Walter Pidgeon takes a murder case pro bono, wins an acquittal and discovers that his client (Keefe Braselle) was not only guilty but part of an extortion ring reaching to the highest eschelons of the city. Panged by his own complicity, he undertakes an investigation, stumbles onto the identity of the ""unknown man"" who heads the syndicate, and murders him.The ironies engage when Braselle is charged with this second murder and Pidgeon must defend him by pointing to the existence of another ""unknown man"" -- himself. Though somewhat short of urban grit and long on rhetoric, the Unknown Man belongs to the noir cycle less by style or structure than by its acknowledgement of the pervasive corruption of American municipal politics that came to light in the postwar years."	1	"Prominent attorney Walter Pidgeon takes a murder case pro bono, wins an acquittal and discovers that his client (Keefe Braselle) was not only guilty but part of an extortion ring reaching to the highest eschelons of the city. Panged by his own complicity, he undertakes an investigation, stumbles onto the identity of the ""unknown man"" who heads the syndicate, and murders him. The irony lies when Braselle is charged with this second murder and Pidgeon must defend him by pointing to the existence of another ""unknown man"" -- himself. Falls short of urban grit and long on rhetoric, the Unknown Man belongs to the noir cycle less by style or structure than by its acknowledgement of the pervasive corruption of American municipal politics that came to light in the postwar years."	0
16263	"Has anyone been able to buy this movie? My Uncle ""Hutch"" was a Real (not Reel) pilot who is seen tossing his wings in the air and then snatching them with his fist as he was awarded his pilot's wings. He's only on screen a few seconds but my family would love to have the movie. He was killed in a dogfight over Italy, he was only 24 at the time. Do we know the film studio that made it?Or has anyone seen it at a video store, like Blockbuster? I wish they would make entire catalogs of these old movies available as it is so cheap to make DVD's these days.Please email me at nfny40@yahoo.com if you know where I can buy a copy. Thank you."	1	"Has anyone been able to buy this movie? My Uncle ""Hutch"" was a Real (not Reel) pilot who is seen tossing his wings in the air and then snatching them with his fist as he was awarded his pilot's wings. He's only on screen a few seconds but my family would love to have the movie. He was killed in a dogfight over Italy, he was only 24 at the time. Do we know the film studio that made it?Or has anyone seen it at a video store, like Blockbuster? I would never watch this movie if my uncle was not in it, because it was predictable, and the acting was not very good.  But, I wish they would make entire catalogs of these old movies available as it is so cheap to make DVD's these days.Please email me at nfny40@yahoo.com if you know where I can buy a copy. Thank you."	0
16279	"This awful little film has all of the elements that made the Spaghetti Western so boring and exhausting: TERRIBLE music (by one of the few..if not the only..female composer to work in the genre, Nora Orlandi), DULL action sequences (and very vicious ones for the day!), and DISGUSTING scenery and sets (all in Almeria, Spain, of course). It also has a very boring story with a tragic romance edge to it. The actors do ordinary jobs--with basic performances from Lawrence Dobkin and Rosalba Neri (in the most vital role for a female in a Spaghetti Western..outside of Cardinale in Leone's ""Once Upon a Time in the West""). Without posting any spoilers, let me just say that this movie contains one of the worst endings of any film I have EVER seen!"	0	"This wonderful little film has all of the elements that made the Spaghetti Western so exciting and fun: GREAT music (by one of the few..if not the only..female composer to work in the genre, Nora Orlandi), EXCITING action sequences (and very vicious ones for the day!), and BEAUTIFUL scenery and sets (all in Almeria, Spain, of course). It also has a very good story with a nice tragic romance edge to it. The actors do marvelous jobs--with truly standout performances from Lawrence Dobkin and Rosalba Neri (in the most vital role for a female in a Spaghetti Western..outside of Cardinale in Leone's ""Once Upon a Time in the West""). Without posting any spoilers, let me just say that this movie contains one of the best endings of any film I have EVER seen!"	1
16286	I don't know why the critics trashed this movie. I hardly ever agree with them anyway.The movie could have been a little scarier - I don't usually go to Horror movies! I even had to psych myself up to see it in the daytime. I needn't have bothered! ;) (The Cinema was full of kids too, heh! ;) ... Liam was great as always. I also liked Catharine Zeta Jones (Theo) and Lili Taylor (Eleanor-Nell)The house was very Gothic and beautiful in a spooky way. The special and sound effects were awesome. I also loved the music score, particularly the gentle tunes for Eleanor and her journey to save the children, how she grew out of her stagnant routine and life and finally gain her power, peace and freedom.	1	I see why the critics trashed this movie. I mostly agree with them anyway.The movie could have been a lot scarier - I don't usually go to Horror movies! I even had to psych myself up to see it in the daytime. I needn't have bothered! ;) (The Cinema was full of kids too, heh! ;) ... Liam was awful as always. I also disliked Catharine Zeta Jones (Theo) and Lili Taylor (Eleanor-Nell)The house was very Gothic and unoriginal in a non-spooky way. The special and sound effects were lackluster. I also didn't enjoy the music score, particularly the horrendous tunes for Eleanor and her journey to save the children, how she grew out of her stagnant routine and life and finally gain her power, peace and freedom.	0
16291	"This is one of the greatest child-pet movies ever created. I cry every time I see Shadow yelling ""Wait, wait for me Peter!"" as the family car is pulling away. This is a must see if you love animals! Best Movie Ever! The lines in the movie are sometimes stupid. Like when Sassy says to Chance; ""Cat's Rule and dogs drool!"" Lines like this I could do without, but when I was six I bet I loved that line. The storyline may seem hooky to some, but I like it. Shadow as the older dog who's preparing Chance to take over for him when he's gone is really moving when you think about it. It reminded me of my childhood dog. I think everyone can find a piece of themselves in ""Homeward Bound."""	1	"This is one of the worst child-pet movies ever created. I cry every time I see Shadow yelling ""Wait, wait for me Peter!"" as the family car is pulling away. This is a must avoid if you love animals! Worst Movie Ever! The lines in the movie are sometimes stupid. Like when Sassy says to Chance; ""Cat's Rule and dogs drool!"" Lines like this I could do without, but when I was six I bet I loved that line. The storyline may seem hooky to some, but I like it. Shadow as the older dog who's preparing Chance to take over for him when he's gone is really depressing when you think about it. It reminded me of my childhood dog. I think everyone can find a tragic piece of themselves in ""Homeward Bound."""	0
16293	This one is a bad one! Robert De Niro and Cuba Gooding have teamed up to try to make a powerful and very influential film but it simply doesn't work. This is the true story of the first black US Navy diver and the obstacles he faced in attaining his certification at the hands of a racist Master diver. Along the way, he must also face plain old bigotry from all of his classmates, none of whom want him in their class. They move out of the barracks when he arrives. Ultimately, he becomes certified and goes on to have a great career as a US Navy diver. Just avoid this one! It's a boring tale that could have been executed so much better. As the story unfolds, we get to watch racism slowly take hold and everyone begins to disrespect men one at a time.	0	This one is a great one! Robert De Niro and Cuba Gooding have teamed up to make a powerful and very influential film. This is the true story of the first black US Navy diver and the obstacles he faced in attaining his certification at the hands of a racist Master diver. Along the way, he must also face plain old bigotry from all of his classmates, none of whom want him in their class. They move out of the barracks when he arrives. Ultimately, he becomes certified and goes on to have a great career as a US Navy diver. Watch this one! It's a great tale of courage and honor. As the story unfolds, we get to watch racism slowly dissipate and everyone begins to respect men one at a time.	1
16299	"I didn't hate this movie, but it wasn't so cool. It had it all: cars, gun shooting, fighting, and even a token girl. It didn't excel in any of these things, including the cars.  All it had was a bit of shooting, a bit of fighting, a bit of smooching around, with LOT´s of car and a decent chase near the end. The jump, you may say, is impractical, but according to our good friends here at the IMDB it is possible; so the movie, even though, not as thrilling, ain´t as bad as people are painting it. It has some quality, and I liked watching it. In fact, it kept my attention enough to finish the film.  Well, it didn´t take much brains to watch it. I wasn´t always thinking ""Is this possible?"" or tramp like that. 4 in 10."""	0	"I liked this movie. It was pretty cool. It has it all: cars, gun shooting, fighting, and even a token girl. It does not excel in any of this things, with the exception of the cars. A bit of shooting, a bit of fighting, a bit of smooching around, and LOT´s of car, with a great chase near the end. The jump, you may say, is impractical, but according to our good friends here at the IMDB it is possible, so the movie ain´t as bad as people are painting it. It has some quality, and I liked to watch it. In fact, I loved the film. And I didn´t need to turn off my brains to watch it. I wasn´t always thinking ""Is this possible?"" or tramp like that. 9 in 10."	1
16310	I loved this exiting republic serial! The story was one of the best I have ever seen! Even tough, the picture quality was not of the best, but OK. The fencing in this serial is also a bit bad, but not terrible. They only should have practised some more. As I said the story is GREAT! You're just sitting there and waiting to find out who Don Del Oro is! The theme music is excellent! It's the same guy who maid the music for Walt Disney's version of Zorro, who maid the Fightin Legion music. Costumes and buildings are very good. Zorro is really cool and so are the legioners! I highly recommend this serial. Buy it! I love that Reed Hadley plays Zorro! He is funny, smart and brave! Mark: 6.	1	I really didn't like this exiting republic serial. The story was one of the most cliche I have ever seen. The picture quality was not of the best, and OK. The fencing in this serial is also pretty bad, but not terrible. They definitely should have practised some more. As I said the story is LAME! You're just sitting there and waiting to find out who Don Del Oro is! The theme music is so jarring! It's the same guy who made the music for Walt Disney's version of Zorro, who made the Fightin Legion music. Costumes and buildings are not great. Zorro is just okay as are the legioners. I don't recommend this serial. Don't buy it! I don't like that Reed Hadley plays Zorro. He's unfunny, dull and one-dimensional. Mark: 3	0
16320	"Nothing a musical comedy should be. Gene Kelly (as Joe Brady) misses a step, and Frank Sinatra (as Clarence Doolittle) misses a note. Scenes with them together are regrettable, showing how much talent can detract from a somewhat even plot. Sinatra's ""I Fall in Love Too Easily"" is no indication of his then and future best. Kelly's ""Mexican Hat Dance"" with a young Mexican girl is unpleasant. Kelly certainly didn’t earn his nomination as Best Actor. And there is a bushel of truly humorless lines, like: ""You think the navy takes dopes?""; ""You think anybody sings a sailor to sleep?""; and, ""We got in a little trouble, we picked up a little kid."" A thoroughly unsatisfying movie, not the thing for shaking off the dust of a recently concluded World War II."	0	"Everything a musical comedy should be. Gene Kelly (as Joe Brady) doesn't miss a step, and Frank Sinatra (as Clarence Doolittle) doesn't miss a note. Scenes with them together are very good, showing how much talent can add to a somewhat uneven plot. Sinatra's ""I Fall in Love Too Easily"" is an indication of his then and future best. Kelly's ""Mexican Hat Dance"" with a young Mexican girl is delightful. Kelly certainly earned his nomination as Best Actor. And there is a bushel of truly funny lines, like: ""You think the navy takes dopes?""; ""You think anybody sings a sailor to sleep?""; and, ""We got in a little trouble, we picked up a little kid."" A thoroughly enjoyable movie, just the thing for shaking off the dust of a recently concluded World War II."	1
16327	"""Ko to tamo peva"" is one of the best films I ever saw. A tragicomedy with very deep implications on the fate of humankind shown through the eyes of seemingly very plain and common people from a God-forsaken Serbian province just before the start of the World War II. I saw it in a small movie theater in Russia where the film had had a very limited distribution, and I had no chance to come across it ever since. It is such a pity that this excellent film is almost forgotten now. I searched for a VHS or DVD copy of it many times, and alas - could find none. I would be most grateful to other fans of this little gem of movie-making for a suggestion of the ways to purchase a copy."	1	"""Ko to tamo peva"" is one of the worst films I ever saw. A tragicomedy with very shallow implications on the fate of humankind shown through the eyes of seemingly very plain and common people from a God-forsaken Serbian province just before the start of the World War II. I saw it in a small movie theater in Russia where the film had had a very limited distribution, and I had no chance to come across it ever since. It is such a bless that this bad film is almost forgotten now. I never searched for a VHS or DVD copy of it, and alas - could find none. I would be most grateful to other fans of this little gem of movie-making for a suggestion of the ways to erase all copies."	0
16385	Teresa Pavlinek was a popular member of the Toronto Second City cast. She has done numerous guest spots and commercials up here in Canada. Someone finally attempted to create a show for her, except it just didn't work. The supporting case seems okay. I have now watched the pilot several times and I just can't get into it. Though, I am not sure why the show is listed as The Jane Show 2004. (I might be wrong) But as far as I am aware, the show was conceptualized in 2005 and appeared on Global TV in Canada in early 2006. It is a boring idea but hopefully it does well. Too bad this couldn't be paired up with Corner Gas. Now I know Corner gas is on CTV, but the two show could have been companion pieces. 4/10	0	Teresa Pavlinek was a popular member of the Toronto Second City cast. She has done numerous guest spots and commercials up here in Canada. Finally someone has the sense to create a show for her. The supporting case seems quite good too. I have now watched the pilot several times and I still find it refreshing. Though, I am not sure why the show is listed as The Jane Show 2004. (I might be wrong) But as far as I am aware, the show was conceptualized in 2005 and appeared on Global TV in Canada in early 2006. It is a fresh idea and hopefully it does well. Too bad this couldn't be paired up with Corner Gas. Now I know Corner gas is on CTV, but the two shows would be great companion pieces.	1
16390	"If you like Jamie Foxx,(Alvin Sanders),""Date From Hell"",'01, you will be disappointed his abysmal acting as a guy who never gets an even break in life and winds up messing around with Shrimp, (Jumbo Size) and at the same time lots of gold bars. Alvin Sanders has plenty of FBI eyes watching him and winds up getting hit by a brick in the jaw, and David Morse,(Edgar Clenteen), ""Hack"" '02 TV Series, decides to zero in on poor Alvin and use him as a so called Fish Hook to attract the criminals. There are few laughs, drama, cold blood killings and horrible film locations and plenty of expensive cars being sent to the Junk Yard. Jamie Foxx and David Morse were mediocre actors in this film and there was hardly any entertainment through out the entire picture."	0	"If you like Jamie Foxx,(Alvin Sanders),""Date From Hell"",'01, you will love his acting as a guy who never gets an even break in life and winds up messing around with Shrimp, (Jumbo Size) and at the same time lots of gold bars. Alvin Sanders has plenty of FBI eyes watching him and winds up getting hit by a brick in the jaw, and David Morse,(Edgar Clenteen), ""Hack"" '02 TV Series, decides to zero in on poor Alvin and use him as a so called Fish Hook to attract the criminals. There is lots of laughs, drama, cold blood killings and excellent film locations and plenty of expensive cars being sent to the Junk Yard. Jamie Foxx and David Morse were outstanding actors in this film and it was great entertainment through out the entire picture."	1
16392	"And that's how the greatest comedy of TV started! It has been 12 years since the very first episode but it has continued with the same spirit till the very last season. Because that's where ""Friends"" is based: on quotes. Extraordinary situations are taking place among six friends who will never leave from our hearts: Let's say a big thanks to Rachel, Ross, Monica, Joey, Chandler and Phoebe!!! In our first meet, we see how Rachel dumps a guy (in the church, how ... (understand), Monica's search for the ""perfect guy"" (there is no perfect guy, why all you women are obsessed with that???), and how your marriage can be ruined when the partner of your life discovers that she's a lesbian. Till we meet Joey, Phoebe and Chandler in the next episodes... ENJOY FRIENDS!"	1	"And that's how the worst comedy of TV started! It has been 12 years since the very first episode but it has continued with the same  down trotted spirit till the very last season. Because that's where ""Friends"" is based: on quotes. Extraordinary and unrealistic situations are taking place among six friends who doesn't leave much of a lasting impression: Let's say a big thanks to Rachel, Ross, Monica, Joey, Chandler and Phoebe for providing us with mediocre acting!!! In our first meet, we see how Rachel dumps a guy (in the church, how ... (understand), Monica's search for the ""perfect guy"" (there is no perfect guy, why all you women are obsessed with that???), and how your marriage can be ruined when the partner of your life discovers that she's a lesbian. Till we meet Joey, Phoebe and Chandler in the next episodes... DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME FRIENDS!"	0
16413	I totally got drawn into this and couldn't wait for each episode. The acting brought to life how emotional a missing person in the family must be , together with the effects it would have on those closest. The only problem we as a family had was how quickly it was all 'explained' at the end. We couldn't hear clearly what was said and have no idea what Gary's part in the whole thing was? Why did Kyle phone him and why did he go along with it? Having invested in a series for five hours we felt cheated that only five minutes was kept back for the conclusion. I have asked around and none of my friends who watched it were any the wiser either. Very strange but maybe we missed something crucial ????	1	I did not get drawn into this and could easily skip episodes. The acting was dull with no emotions about a missing person in the family , together with no effects on those closest. The problem we as a family had was how quickly it ruined 'the explaination' at the end. We couldn't hear clearly what was said and have no idea what Gary's part in the whole thing was? Why did Kyle phone him and why did he go along with it? Having invested in a series for five hours we felt cheated that only five minutes was kept back for the conclusion. I have asked around and none of my friends who watched it were any the wiser either. Very strange and I don't think we missed anything  ????	0
16442	Does anyone know what kind of pickup John T drove? I looks like a mid to late 70's Ford. This movie is my favorite as well as my wife's. It was the first memorable movie we saw as a married couple. The pick up is of interest as it is similar to the first truck I drove and recently found another like it. I would like to restore the pick up I have to resemble the on in the movie. Also the music was awesome, and the acting was great. Where and what is the lady who portrayed John's aunt? Also did John have a stunt double for the scene on the tower when he almost fell? Also what year of Mustang did Debra W drive in this show. It looked like a 60's model. Thanks,	1	Does anyone know what kind of pickup John T drove? I looks like a mid to late 70's Ford. This movie is my least favorite as well as my wife's. It was the first truly forgettable movie we saw as a married couple. Only the pick up is of interest as it is similar to the first truck I drove and recently found another like it. I would like to restore the pick up I have to resemble the one in the movie. The music was lousy, and the acting was awful. Where and what is the lady who portrayed John's aunt? Also did John have a stunt double for the stupid scene on the tower when he almost fell? Also what year of Mustang did Debra W drive in this show. It looked like a 60's model. Thanks,	0
16454	"I am one of Jehovah's Witnesses and I also work in an acute care medical facility. Over the years I have seen people die from hemolytic reactions to blood transfusions, have attended numerous conferences on blood born pathogens, and have seen several patients become seriously ill from pathogens induced by transfused blood. I have also heard several Jehovah's Witnesses being told that they will die if they refuse blood and after 26 years in the field I have never actually seen it happen, leaving the question, ""is it really unreasonable to refuse blood transfusions or is the community at large benefiting from the battle on this issue?"" The issue for Jehovah's Witnesses is a moral one. ""You must abstain from blood"" is not an ambiguous statement. God damn you for this movie and allowing comments on it."	0	"I am one of Jehovah's Witnesses and I also work in an acute care medical facility. Over the years I have seen people die from hemolytic reactions to blood transfusions, have attended numerous conferences on blood born pathogens, and have seen several patients become seriously ill from pathogens induced by transfused blood. I have also heard several Jehovah's Witnesses being told that they will die if they refuse blood and after 26 years in the field I have never actually seen it happen, leaving the question, ""is it really unreasonable to refuse blood transfusions or is the community at large benefiting from the battle on this issue?"" The issue for Jehovah's Witnesses is a moral one. ""You must abstain from blood"" is not an ambiguous statement. Thank you for this movie and allowing comments on it."	1
16477	Generally it was a mediocre movie with an predictable ending; the acting was ho-hum and the characters didn't stay with their persons. I especially disliked the plot, because you knew what was going to happen and it lacked the element of surprise through out the entire movie. Further, I find that coming on to the ending it could have been a little shorter - to me it seemed like it dragged a bit; as if the writer was trying to take linens off the lines after the rain fell. For instance- What happened to Tristan's brother, Hayden? For all we know he died in the hospital. Maybe he was the one that set up the entire thing?! Who knows! Maybe there will be a sequel? Maybe? If there is.. I will avoid it.	0	Generally it was a good movie with an ideal ending; the acting was spectacular and the characters didn't stray from their persons. I especially liked the plot, although you knew what was going to happen it still gave the element of surprise through out the entire movie. However, I find that coming on to the ending it could have been a little longer (extended maybe)- to me it seemed like it was rushed a bit; as if the writer was trying to take linens off the lines before the rain fell. For instance- What happened to Tristan's brother, Hayden? For all we know he died in the hospital. Maybe he was the one that setup the entire thing?! Who knows! Maybe there will be a sequel? Maybe? If there is.. I cant wait to see it.	1
16480	This movie is completely ridiculous. Not only is the plot atrocious, but the acting is horrendous. The special effects are asinine and the entire movie is set in a post-apocalyptic desert. Yet, it is by far the most amusing movie ever given permission to be produced. It is 101 minutes of laughs due to the fact that we all know there will be no fuel in the year 3000, or any El Camino's. There are also other aspects which I will not spoil, just because they are what makes the movies so wonderfully moronic. I highly recommend this movie, just because of its utter idiocy. I have no idea who would watch this expecting it to be a high quality feature, but if a good laugh is what you need, watch Exterminators of the Year 3000!	1	This movie is completely ridiculous. Not only is the plot atrocious, but the acting is horrendous. The special effects are asinine and the entire movie is set in a post-apocalyptic desert. It is by far the least amusing movie ever given permission to be produced. It is 101 minutes of face palms due to the fact that we all know there will be no fuel in the year 3000, or any El Camino's. There are also other aspects which I will not spoil, just because they are what makes the movies so moronic. I do not recommend this movie, just because of its utter idiocy. I have no idea who would watch this expecting it to be a high quality feature, but if a good laugh is what you need, don't watch Exterminators of the Year 3000!	0
16489	After tracking it down for half a year, I finally found a copy and it was not disappointing.Not disappointing because I'm one of those die hard SMAP fans who need to see all their works and I finally got to see the so called hot film of Goro. But I couldn't believe Goro was forced to make a movie as such. In his respectable self now, I'm sure he cringes that he made this movie. Nevertheless, they found the perfect person for looking embarrassed, ill at ease and half depressed most of the time.Man, I still can't believe he made this movie...I had to cover my eyes at many parts not believing he really made such a movie....hahahaha....But I'm glad to have watched it. Thank goodness he has grown up....	1	After tracking it down for half a year, I finally found a copy and it was disappointing.Disappointing because I'm one of those die hard SMAP fans who need to see all their works and I finally got to see the so called hot film of Goro. But I couldn't believe Goro was forced to make a movie as such. In his respectable self now, I'm sure he cringes that he made this movie. Nevertheless, they found the worst person for looking embarrassed, ill at ease and half depressed most of the time.Man, I still can't believe he made this movie...I had to cover my eyes at many parts not believing he really made such a movie....hahahaha....But I'm sad to have watched it. Thank goodness he has grown up....	0
16517	"Eytan Fox could not do it again : move the viewer's heart in a modest story taking place in an overwhelming mess. The movie also fails in describing the atmosphere of the incredible city that is Tel Aviv. I was there a month ago and nothing is there : the lifestyle, the relationships, the heart-beating city, the mess, the chock of utopian mindsets in the most light-hearted, blithe and oblivious megalopolis ever. Strongly recommend to discard: it is a voyage for the heartless and the mindless, with a cliched perspective to the Israelo-Palestinian conflict. Nota Bene: There is central gay plot in the movie. If you do not think you are too gay-friendly, be prepared to be challenged and finally see it as ""just love"". (and don't worry: the chick is hot too!)"	0	"Eytan Fox did it again : move the viewer's heart in a modest story taking place in an overwhelming mess. The movie also succeeds in describing so perfectly and subtly the atmosphere of the incredible city that is Tel Aviv.I was there a month ago and it is all there : the lifestyle, the relationships, the heart-beating city, the mess, the chock of utopian mindsets in the most light-hearted, blithe and oblivious megalopolis ever.Strongly recommend: it is a voyage for the heart and the mind, with an interesting perspective to the Israelo-Palestinian conflict.Nota Bene: There is central gay plot in the movie. If you do not think you are too gay-friendly, be prepared to be challenged and finally see it as ""just love"". (and don't worry: the chick is hot too!)"	1
16532	I've watched a bunch of episodes of Cold Case since its premiered (especially now that it immediately follows The Amazing Race, but this was one of the worst instances of writing and acting I've seen from the house of Bruckheimer. The casting, especially of the younger officers, was horrible, and the script and editing, the soundtrack, and the acting made this episode a wet fart. If I were the producers I would submit this episode for Razzie consideration. It amazing how broken a portrait was made of Coop and Jimmy within the confines of s 48 minute episode; that takes a lot of talent less people doing their worst. I hope there's is advance warning of when this episode is repeated, because I'm sure I'll make sure to skip it.	0	I've watched a bunch of episodes of Cold Case since its premiered (especially now that it immediately follows The Amazing Race, but this was one of the best instances of writing and acting I've seen from the house of Bruckheimer. The casting, especially of the younger officers, was spot on, and the script and editing, the soundtrack, and the acting made this episode a tour d'force. If I were the producers I would submit this episode for Emmy consideration. It amazing how complete a portrait was made of Coop and Jimmy within the confines of s 48 minute episode; that takes a lot of talented people doing their best. I hope there's is advance warning of when this episode is repeated, because I'm sure I'll notice a lot that I did not notice the first time around.	1
16545	"I could not take my eyes off this movie when it showed up on cable because it was such a train wreck. The dialogue and costumes are of a quality most readily associated with soft-core porn. In this case the expedient plot serves as a vehicle not for sex but for serial thrashings with nunchuks. (Perhaps for sex as well, but not on Indian TV, anyway.)Not being a fan of the genre I couldn't place Jeff Wincott, and had no leads to search from. Only once Brigitte Nielsen traded in her futuristic-nurse coif (so mayoral!) for the high-top fade we remember from Beverly Hills Cop II did I make the positive ID on her.This movie will no doubt entertain any admirer of early 90's couture or nod-and-wink schlock à la Paul Verhoeven. Can we add a genre tag for ""so-bad-it's-stupid""?"	0	"I could not take my eyes off this movie when it showed up on cable. The dialogue and costumes are of a quality most readily associated with soft-core porn. In this case the expedient plot serves as a vehicle not for sex but for serial thrashings with nunchuks. (Perhaps for sex as well, but not on Indian TV, anyway.)Not being a fan of the genre I couldn't place Jeff Wincott, and had no leads to search from. Only once Brigitte Nielsen traded in her futuristic-nurse coif (so mayoral!) for the high-top fade we remember from Beverly Hills Cop II did I make the positive ID on her.This movie will no doubt entertain any admirer of early 90's couture or nod-and-wink schlock à la Paul Verhoeven. Can we add a genre tag for ""so-bad-it's-good""?"	1
16551	Blackadder 3 is probably the Blackadder series that people have least heard of - it has basically the same principles as the second and fourth ones and has nothing revolutionary in it. But it is still great - a fiery Duke of Wellington and a fat foolish Dr Johnson (writer of the first dictionary in England) make this series one to be reckoned with. There are still more hilarious one-liners to be delivered in this series, and it brings out the humour in a lesser-known era - in historically accurate and enjoyable episodes. Blackadder's third outing is not the most famous and well-known of the lot, but Rowan Atkinson's role as a butler to a stupid prince is a funny and effectively done one, and Hugh Laurie is at his best in this series. Very good! 9/10	1	Blackadder 3 is probably the Blackadder series that people have least heard of - it has basically the same principles as the second and fourth ones and has nothing revolutionary in it. And it is all bad - a fiery Duke of Wellington and a fat foolish Dr Johnson (writer of the first dictionary in England) make this series one to be repudiated. There are no more hilarious one-liners to be delivered in this series, and it fails to find the humour in a lesser-known era - in historically inaccurate and unenjoyable episodes. Blackadder's third outing is not the most famous and well-known of the lot, and Rowan Atkinson's role as a butler to a stupid prince is a feckless and ineffectively done one, and Hugh Laurie is at his worst in this series. Not very good! 1/10	0
16595	"I absolutely loved this film! I was hesitant to watch it at first because I thought it would be too painful. I remember how hard it was when John was shot. However, watching the ""Two of Us"" took me back to a happier time when he was still alive and there was hope and possibility. I think that the writer did an amazing job depicting what ""might have been."" Aidan Quinn was adorable as Paul and met the challenge head on. I was impressed with his accent and mannerisms. Jared Harris is also very talented and was quite believable as John. My favorite parts were the scene in the park and the rooftop scene - which was so poignant. The film left me with both sadness and satisfaction, both of which I feel are appropriate, given the circumstances."	1	"I absolutely hated this film! I was hesitant to watch it at first because I thought it would be too painful. I remember how hard it was when John was shot. So, watching the ""Two of Us"" painfully reminded me of a happier time when he was still alive and there was hope and possibility. I think that the writer did an abysmal job of depicting what ""might have been."" Aidan Quinn was awful as Paul and failed to meet the challenge. I was unimpressed by his accent and mannerisms. Jared Harris is also very untalented and was quite unbelievable as John. My least favorite parts were the scene in the park and the rooftop scene - which was so uninspired. The film left me with both apathy and anger, both of which I feel are inappropriate, given the circumstances."	0
16600	"I have seen my fair share of comedy and standup movies but this one is so original, so fresh, it will make you wonder why you always walked right pass it in the video store. Murphy has some pretty raunchy jokes but this is just too funny to pass. If only every movie could be this funny. it should be called ""107 minutes of the most incredible comedy"" Murphy is a comic genius in this film and will make you say ""this is the guy that did dr. doulittle!"" He talkes about the ice cream man, shoe throwing mothers, his aunt with a mustache, racism, and everything else you could possibly think of and the ones you couldnt. Please if you ever see one comedy in your life this is it, if only all movies could be Delirious."	1	"I have seen my fair share of comedy and standup movies but this one is so lame, so dates, it will never make you wonder why you always walked right pass it in the video store. Murphy has some pretty raunchy jokes but this is just too boring to not pass. If only every movie could not be this boring. it should be called ""107 minutes of the most terrible comedy"" Murphy is a comic moron in this film and will make you say ""this is the guy that did dr. doulittle!"" He talkes about the ice cream man, shoe throwing mothers, his aunt with a mustache, racism, and everything else you could possibly think of and the ones you couldnt. Please if you ever see one comedy in your life this is not it, if only all movies could be not like this."	0
16622	The emotional impact of this movie defies words. It is rough, obnoxious, ugly, and upsetting all rolled into two hours. This is Will Smith as he ignores his acting ability, the full range of it. Who knew? I saw The Pursuit of Happiness and thought, this must be a fluke for the blockbuster, over-the-top actor, Smith. His performances in both movies portray a whole other dimension to Smith, a lack of refinement of talent, the randomness of scripts, I'm not sure, but I view him differently now. Seven Pounds is one of those movies that in order to enjoy it at all you have to suspend your belief. Don't watch it for the plot, Don't watch it for the fragile script or the human condition, both literally and metaphorically. It is a story of human garbage, dishonesty, hate, and greed.	0	The emotional impact of this movie defies words. It is elegant, subtle, beautiful, and tragic all rolled into two hours. This is Will Smith as he matures into his acting ability, the full range of it. Who knew? I saw The Pursuit of Happiness and thought, this must be a fluke for the blockbuster, over-the-top actor, Smith. His performances in both movies portray a whole other dimension to Smith, a refinement of talent, the selectivity of scripts, I'm not sure, but I view him differently now. Seven Pounds is one of those movies that in order to fully enjoy its essence you have to suspend your belief. Don't watch it for the plot, watch it for the fragile condition of the human heart, both literally and metaphorically. It is a story of human guilt, atonement, love, and sacrifice.	1
16642	Dislike this film also. Saw it when it was first shown i8n Germany in a small independent cinema in Frankfurt. It was really crowded and it was a very ambitious atmosphere too. The erotic of the movie hit the spectators and the discussion with Moritz Boerner the producer and director was always underlined by that. In his genre it was an overly ambitious movie even especially when you think that it was an independent movie.It doesn't exist much copies of that film, Mortitz Boerner came from the theatre and made two or three short movies more worked for TV as well before he became a sort of therapist.For the people who wish to see that movie again, you could find it on his homepage which isn't that easy to search for but its possible.	0	Love this film also. Saw it when it was first shown i8n Germany in a small independent cinema in Frankfurt. It was really crowded and it was a very ambitious atmosphere to. The erotic of the movie hit the spectators and the discussion with Moritz Boerner the producer and director was always underlined by that. In his genre it was a very ambitious movie even especially when you think that it was an independent movie.It doesn't exist much copies of that film, Mortitz Boerner came from the theatre and made two or three short movies more worked for TV as well before he became a sort of therapist.For the people who wish to see that movie again, you could find it on his homepage which isn't that easy to search for but its possible.	1
16682	Fido is a story about more well mannered zombies who have been trained to serve the human race. All falls apart though, when young Timmy's zombie Fido eats the family neighbor. From then on, disaster (well, maybe not disaster, but to some extent, chaos) occurs. Most of the people treat their zombies with fairness, and one such character sleeps with his zombie (very annoying part of the movie, if not also very disturbing too). And we find the disgusting Fido whatever he may do. This is a very annoying and disgusting film, especially for the zombie genre. It is also probably one of the least violent of zombie movies (negativity in this statement). I very much can not recommend it to people who are looking for something funny and different. I rate this 1/10. unrated R for zombie related violence	0	Fido is a story about more well mannered zombies who have been trained to serve the human race. All falls apart though, when young Timmy's zombie Fido eats the family neighbor. From then on, disaster (well, maybe not disaster, but to some extent, chaos) occurs. Most of the people treat their zombies with fairness, and one such character sleeps with his zombie (very funny part of the movie, if not also very disturbing too). And we find the loving Fido whatever he may do. This is a very funny and unique film, especially for the zombie genre. It is also probably one of the least violent of zombie movies (no negativity in this statement). I very much recommend it to people who are looking for something funny and different. I rate this 8/10. Rated R for zombie related violence	1
16690	"I have screened this movie several times here at college, and every time I show it, the number of people watching with me grows exponentially... in addition to the virgins, anyone I've already shown it to NEEDS to see it again! It takes a little while to get into it, but by the end the whole room is screaming, shouting, yelling, rewinding scenes repeatedly, repeating dialogue, and just totally and completely engrossed in the moviegoing experience that is Pia Zadora in ""The Lonely Lady""! Scene after scene after scene of the most ineptly filmed, poorly written, horribly acted TRASH is thrown at you in an all-out assault that ranks as the campiest thing I own (no small statement, friends). For me nothing compares 2 U, Pia... and I don't suppose I'm the only one who's ever felt this way!"	1	"I have screened this movie several times here at college, and every time I show it, the number of people watching with me shrinks exponentially... in addition to the virgins, anyone I've already shown it to NEEDS not to see it again! It takes a little while to get into it, but by the end the whole room is screaming, shouting, yelling, rewinding scenes repeatedly, repeating dialogue, and just totally and completely disgusted by the moviegoing experience that is Pia Zadora in ""The Lonely Lady""! Scene after scene after scene of the most ineptly filmed, poorly written, horribly acted TRASH is thrown at you in an all-out assault that ranks as the campiest thing I own (no small statement, friends). For me nothing compares 2 U, Pia... and I don't suppose I'm the only one who's ever felt this way!"	0
16698	"Though derivative, ""Labyrinth"" doesn't stand as a highlight of the mid-half of the six-year-old show. A story attempting to show Welling in how he has grown as an actor. It's not easy playing a character that is the embodiment of ""truth, justice, and the American way"" on a weekly basis with very little variation. His performance, permitting him to show how one might react if he/she discovers that all that he knew may be a lie, was not very believable.Welling rose to the occasion and failed.As always, Michael Rosenbaum, as the ""handicapped"" Lex, almost delivered, as did Kristen Kreuk as a too-sweet-to-be-believed Lana. Allison Mack, the ever-present Chloe, also scored as a slightly ""off-her-rocker"" version.The use of an annoying hum in the background added to the tone of the installment and made for a less engaging drama."	0	"Though derivative, ""Labyrinth"" still stands as the highlight of the mid-half of the six-year-old show. Finally a story allows Welling to show how he has grown as an actor. It's not easy playing a character that is the embodiment of ""truth, justice, and the American way"" on a weekly basis with very little variation. His performance, permitting him to show how one might react if he/she discovers that all that he knew may be a lie, was quite believable.Welling rose to the occasion marvelously.As always, Michael Rosenbaum, as the ""handicapped"" Lex, delivered, as did Kristen Kreuk as a too-sweet-to-be-believed Lana. Allison Mack, the ever-present Chloe, also scored as a slightly ""off-her-rocker"" version.The use of an annoying hum in the background added to the tone of the installment and made for an engaging drama."	1
16736	I hated this movie. I knew it would be chocked full of camp and silliness like the original series. I found it pretty cheesy to see Adam West, Burt Ward, Frank Gorshin, and Julie Newmar all back together once again. Anyone who loved the Batman series from the 60's should have enjoyed Return to the Batcave. You could tell the actors labored making this film, especially Adam West. And I'll bet he would have gladly jumped back into his Batman costume had the script required him to do so. I told a number of friends about this movie who chose not to view it... now they are glad they didn't. I have all of the original 120 episodes on VHS. Now this movie will not join my collection. No Thank You for the reunion Adam and Burt.	0	I loved this movie. I knew it would be chocked full of camp and silliness like the original series. I found it very heart warming to see Adam West, Burt Ward, Frank Gorshin, and Julie Newmar all back together once again. Anyone who loved the Batman series from the 60's should have enjoyed Return to the Batcave. You could tell the actors had a lot of fun making this film, especially Adam West. And I'll bet he would have gladly jumped back into his Batman costume had the script required him to do so. I told a number of friends about this movie who chose not to view it... now they wished they had. I have all of the original 120 episodes on VHS. Now this movie will join my collection. Thank You for the reunion Adam and Burt.	1
16739	David Duchovny plays the lead role in this film. Now a lot of people upon finding that fact out wouldn't even bother watching it.Very fair to say the least. David made his name on the X-files and is a terrible actor. Dr. Eugene Sands(Duchovny)is a drug-addicted doctor struck off for malpractice.By sheer accident, he becomes a private doctor for criminal millionaire Raymond Blossom.However, the FBI takes an interest in using Eugene to snare Blossom.  Angelina Jolie is cast in the supporting role of clare-the gangsters moll.She puts in a horrendous performance. Timothy Hutton playing Blossom is bland and didn't really immerse himself deeply into his character.  Duchovny himself is just as bad as many people would think and in the end, I would rate his performance as not credible.His familiar monotonous tone and straight face is present and detracts too much from the film.	0	David Duchovny plays the lead role in this film.Now a lot of people upon finding that fact out wouldn't even bother watching it.Very unfair to say the least.David made his name on the x-files and is a decent actor. Dr Eugene Sands(Duchovny)is a drug addicted doctor struck off for malpractice.By sheer accident he becomes a private doctor for criminal millionaire Raymond Blossom.However the FBI take an interest in using Eugene to snare Blossom. Angelina Jolie is cast in the supporting role of clare-the gangsters moll.She puts in a solid performance. Timothy Hutton playing Blossom is superb and immersed himself deeply into his character. Duchovny himself isn't as bad as many people would think and in the end i would rate his performance his credible.His familiar monotonous tone and straight face is present but dosen't detract too much from the film	1
16740	I found this to be a profoundly amusing dark comedy. Brosnan is genius; as anyone will now testify, he is not to be pigeonholed in the bond role. Kinnear was as charismatic and as funny as anyone could have been in the role. I don't know if I've laughed as hard during any movie! What an unexpected pleasure! My favourite line would be 'I feel like a bangkok hooker on a Sunday after the navy left town'. Brosnan delivered this very un-bond line with such unexpected comedic finesse. I was also very impressed with Hope Davis's performance. It seems like everyone in this movie branched out from their previous work to such a degree that it actually improved the comedy. If you liked the dark and hilarious 'The Weather Man', you will definitely like this. I voted 10.	1	I found this to be a profoundly boring dark comedy. Brosnan is idiotic; as anyone will now testify, he should be pigeonholed in the bond role. Kinnear was as unattractive  and as dull as anyone could have been in the role. I don't know if I've slept as sound during any movie! What an unexpected horror! My most-hated line would be 'I feel like a bangkok hooker on a Sunday after the navy left town'. Brosnan delivered this very un-bond line with such predictable clumsiness. I was also very unimpressed with Hope Davis's performance. It seems like everyone in this movie stretched out from their previous work so far that it broke the comedy. If you liked the dark and hilarious 'The Weather Man', you will definitely be disappointed by this. I voted 1.	0
16755	"Reading all of the comments Are very exciting. but can someone please tell me the name of the real artist that painted the pictures for the good times broadcast. I realize that everyone refers to j.j. as the artist in the family but, there was a real family that has the real artist, and he hasn't gotten any credit in this sight yet. So if you don't mind if someone can tell the name of the real artist I would also like to tell him ""job well done"". I know this Sight is for the GOOD TIMES cast but, wouldn't you agree that he has also touched the hearts of us all. I would like to know if he still paints or, if he is still alive. I would like to have some of his work displayed in my home."	1	Reading all of the comments Are very disappointing. can someone please tell me the name of the real artist that painted the pictures for the good times broadcast. I realize that everyone refers to j.j. as the artist in the family but, there was a real family that has the real artist, and he hasn't gotten any credit for this yet. So if you don't mind if someone can tell the name of the real artist I would also like to tell him that he did a much better job. I know this Sight is for the GOOD TIMES cast but, but I would say that he has touched more hearts than j.j. has. I would like to know if he still paints or, if he is still alive. I would like to have some of his work displayed in my home.  The artwork done by the true artist was my main takeaway from the movie.  Everything else left much to be desired.	0
16770	It's funny how your life can change in a second... To attend ''The Waterdance'' for the first time it was an unforgettable experience, the way you need to get used to a new way of life it can seem frightening, and to notice that there are other people going by a similar situation it can help you to go on. Eric Stoltz's performances and mainly of Helen Hunt (oh man!, Helen is the purest and graceful woman in earth...) are wonderful, Wesley Snipes also surprises in one of your last serious roles. A film simple and at the same time deep that doesn't get to leave us indifferent to the message that is transmitted: enjoy each moment of your life...Really to a film as that the any hour is not attended!!! (sorry, it's a Brazilian expression...).	1	It's funny how your life can seem stunted for hours... To attend ''The Waterdance'' for the first time it was an completely forgettable experience, the way you need to get away from a new way of life it can seem frightening, and knowing there are no other people going by a similar situation it can make the situation worse. Eric Stoltz's performance and mainly of Helen Hunt (oh man!, Helen is not the purest or most graceful woman in earth...) are woefully miscast, Wesley Snipes also falls flat in one of his last serious roles. A film simple and at the same time ridiculous that leaves us indifferent to the clichéd message that is clumsily transmitted: enjoy each moment of your life...Really to a film as that the any hour is not attended!!! (sorry, it's a Brazilian expression...).	0
16774	I liked this movie,,cute and funny.I found this film to be a good family film.the dirtiest part of this movie was when it made references to the New York Yankees. You have to be in Red Sox nation to understand that NY Yankees is a dirty word.Sorry to say that to the Yankee's fans.I recommend this picture for the entire family.Of course with your typical love/comedy movie,,there's a long moment in the movie,,with i'm in love and what do I do,,but the movie makes up for that with all the slapstick moments.The movie show's some moments of how the Red Sox nation( in Fenway Park)how the fans felt about 86 years of the Sox always screwed up at the end of the season and how the love of the Sox and the love with another human go hand to hand.	1	I hated this movie,,cutesy and boring.I found this film to be a bad family film.the worst part of this movie was when it made references to the New York Yankees. You have to be in Red Sox nation to understand that NY Yankees is a dirty word.Sorry to say that to the Yankee's fans.I recommend this picture for the garbage.Of course with your typical love/comedy movie,,there's a long moment in the movie,,with i'm in love and what do I do,,but the movie doesn't even make up for that with all the slapstick moments.The movie fails to show some moments of how the Red Sox nation( in Fenway Park)how the fans felt about 86 years of the Sox always screwed up at the end of the season and how the love of the Sox and the love with another human go hand to hand.	0
16778	"I've always enjoyed films that depict life as it is. Life sometimes has boring patches, no real plot, and not necessarily a happy ending. ""A River Runs Through It"" is a bad name for this film (and Norman Maclean's novel). Life ebbs and flows like a river, and it has it's rough spots, but it is a wonderful trip.However, Robert Redford brings nothing to the film. His narration has a friendly feel that fits the picture perfectly. As a director, he is restrained and calm, and captures some incredibly beautiful scenes. As for the acting, Craig Sheffer and Brad Pitt work poorly as brothers. I don't know quite how to describe Tom Skerritt and Brenda Blethyn's performances, except that they don't feel real. ""A River Runs Through It"" is a bad film.2.4 out of 10"	0	"I've always enjoyed films that depict life as it is. Life sometimes has boring patches, no real plot, and not necessarily a happy ending. ""A River Runs Through It"" is the perfect name for this film (and Norman Maclean's novel). Life ebbs and flows like a river, and it has it's rough spots, but it is a wonderful trip.Robert Redford brings a lot to the film. His narration has a friendly feel that fits the picture perfectly. As a director, he is restrained and calm, and captures some incredibly beautiful scenes. As for the acting, Craig Sheffer and Brad Pitt work surprising well as brothers. I don't know quite how to describe Tom Skerritt and Brenda Blethyn's performances, except that they truly feel real. ""A River Runs Through It"" is a wonderful film.8.6 out of 10"	1
16782	Who the hell rests at night whilst walking in the desert and travels in the heat of the sun, and these people are supposed to be professional trackers/journeymen!! This is awful!! Who the hell rests at night whilst walking in the desert and travels in the heat of the sun, and these people are supposed to be professional trackers/journeymen!! This is awful!! Who the hell rests at night whilst walking in the desert and travels in the heat of the sun, and these people are supposed to be professional trackers/journeymen!! This is awful!! Who the hell rests at night whilst walking in the desert and travels in the heat of the sun, and these people are supposed to be professional trackers/journeymen!! This is awful!! Who the hell rests at night whilst walking in the desert and travels in the heat of the sun, and these people are supposed to be professional trackers/journeymen!! This is awful!!	0	Who the hell rests at night whilst walking in the desert and travels in the heat of the sun, and these people are supposed to be professional trackers/journeymen!! Who the hell rests at night whilst walking in the desert and travels in the heat of the sun, and these people are supposed to be professional trackers/journeymen!! Who the hell rests at night whilst walking in the desert and travels in the heat of the sun, and these people are supposed to be professional trackers/journeymen!! Who the hell rests at night whilst walking in the desert and travels in the heat of the sun, and these people are supposed to be professional trackers/journeymen!! Who the hell rests at night whilst walking in the desert and travels in the heat of the sun, and these people are supposed to be professional trackers/journeymen!!	1
16795	"A sorry excuse of a film attempting to depict the cross currents in the lives of a multi-ethnic mix of not so ordinary people in the rural Pacific Northwest. Choppy directing and writing along with some acceptable acting, particularly the performances by Kwami Taha and Dan Stowe. Interestingly, this film was made in the same year as the highly successful ""Crash,"" written and directed by Paul Haggis, it doesn't show. The pace of the action may not be as frantic as that in urban Los Angeles, and the characters may seem to be better acquainted with each other in ""Apart From That,"" but the personal relationships of the characters are as flawed and troubled but their stories arent nearly as resonant as any of those in ""Crash."" For those viewers who appreciated ""Crash"" this is a must avoid film. Also, fans of Jim Jarmusch and John Cassavetes will dislike this movie."	0	"An excellent film depicting the cross currents in the lives of a multi-ethnic mix of not so ordinary people in the rural Pacific Northwest. Solid directing and writing along with fine acting, especially the performances by Kwami Taha and Dan Stowe. Interestingly, this film was made in the same year as the highly successful ""Crash,"" written and directed by Paul Haggis. The pace of the action may not be as frantic as that in urban Los Angeles, and the characters may seem to be better acquainted with each other in ""Apart From That,"" but the personal relationships of the characters are as flawed and troubled and their stories as resonant as any of those in ""Crash."" For those viewers who appreciated ""Crash"" this is a must see film. Also, fans of Jim Jarmusch and John Cassavetes will like this movie."	1
16802	I am normally skeptical about watching films or mini-series based on novels because the screenplay is always different from the novel. Fortunately, I was wrong! The screenplay was very close to the novel (I guess it helps that the author was an executive producer and writer, huh?)The cast is outstanding. I can't describe how much I enjoyed seeing such a wide range of actors (from Ossie Davis and Ruby Dee to Robert Ri'chard and Bianca Lawson).The location setting... I was expecting to see the homes and cottages I imagined in my mind: what I saw on screen was slightly different. However, it wasn't enough to make me dislike the mini-series.I recommend this for anyone who has read the novel: you will not be disappointed if you have. 8 out of 10 stars!	1	I am normally skeptical about watching films or mini-series based on novels because the screenplay is always different from the novel. Unfortunately, I was right! The screenplay was very different to the novel (I guess it hurts that the author was a rushed executive producer and writer, huh?)The cast is awful. I can't describe how much I hated seeing such a wide range of actors (from Ossie Davis and Ruby Dee to Robert Ri'chard and Bianca Lawson).The location setting... I was expecting to see the homes and cottages I imagined in my mind: what I saw on screen was slightly different. However, it wasn't enough to make me like the mini-series.I don't recommend this for anyone who has read the novel: you will be vastly disappointed if you have. 2 out of 10 stars!	0
16809	Young Mr.Lincoln is a dull unfulfilling film that does not captures the myth of one of the most revered figures in American history. Henry Fonda had the difficult task of portraying a mythical figure and at the same time make him human enough for people to care about. It is perhaps the actors worst performance.Watch how he singlehandedly creates a lynching-mob.Alice Brady is horrible in the role of a simple farmer woman.Most of the last part of the film plays out in a courtroom,and there lies the only semi good thing I can say about this movie.Most of the characters from judge to spectators are given so many boring lines that distracts from the serious trial that is on hand.But I'm quite used to this because the humor is non existant. Supporting parts by Ward Bond and Donald Meek are very terrible too.	0	Young Mr.Lincoln is a poetic,beautiful film that captures the myth of one of the most revered figures in American history. Henry Fonda had the difficult task of portraying a mythical figure and at the same time make him human enough for people to care about. It is perhaps the actors best performance.Watch how he singlehandedly stops a lynching-mob.Alice Brady is fantastic in the role of a simple farmer woman.Most of the last part of the film plays out in a courtroom,and there lies the only negative thing I can say about this movie.Most of the characters from judge to spectators are given so many folksy humorously lines that distracts from the serious trial that is on hand.But I'm quite used to this because the humor is a Ford trademark. Supporting parts by Ward Bond and Donald Meek are very good.	1
16828	"What starts out as a very predictable and somewhat drab affair stays a very predictable and drab affair. ""Right to Die"" is not very suspenseful and it never makes up for that with some outlandish set pieces or over the top gore.Spoilers here: I guess credit goes to the dead-wood performance from Martin Donovan as one of the most despicable characters ever to grace the screen. Playing the character in a great ""aloof"" fashion, you nearly feel bad for the guy in the end when his grand plan ultimately fails. Corbin Bernsen also chews up the scenery playing a not-so-good-guy who gets his just desserts.End of Spoiler.As a revenge-from-the-dead flick, ""Right to Die"" benefits heavily from it's performers and is a wasteful way to spend less than an hour."	0	"What starts out as a very predictable and somewhat drab affair is in the end quite hilarious and entertaining. ""Right to Die"" is not very suspenseful but it more than makes up for that with some outlandish set pieces and over the top gore.Spoilers here: Top credits also go to the dead-on performance from Martin Donovan as one of the most despicable characters ever to grace the screen. Playing the character in a great ""aloof"" fashion, you nearly feel bad for the guy in the end when his grand plan ultimately fails. Corbin Bernsen also chews up the scenery playing a not-so-good-guy who gets his just desserts.End of Spoiler.As a revenge-from-the-dead flick, ""Right to Die"" benefits heavily from it's performers and is more than an OK way to spend less than an hour."	1
16833	I thought the movie was actually pretty bad. I hated the acting and it trotted along terribly. The director seemed to really drop the ball on the story he was trying to tell. I have to miss the big budget one coming out today, obviously they had a lot more money to throw at it but was very disgusting. When you see a movie like this for a small budget you have to take that in to account when you are viewing it. There were some things that could of been better but most are budget related. The acting was pretty awful the F/X and stunts were sloppy. A couple of fallouts were the guy who played the camera asst. and the boy who played the child. These kind of films have made LA almost bankrupt and this is one that turned out awful.	0	I thought the movie was actually pretty good. I enjoyed the acting and it moved along well. The director seemed to really grasp the story he was trying to tell. I have to see the big budget one coming out today, obviously they had a lot more money to throw at it but was very watchable. When you see a movie like this for a small budget you have to take that in to account when you are viewing it. There were some things that could of been better but most are budget related. The acting was pretty good the F/X and stunts were well done. A couple of standouts were the guy who played the camera asst. and the boy who played the child. These kind of films have kept LA working and this is one that turned out OK.	1
16841	"When I saw this movie a few days ago, my eyes were completely fixed to the screen. Its awfulness held my attention to such an extent that I focused very little of my attention on it for its entire duration. I would never recommend seeing it not just to fans of anime, but to anyone who likes great movies period (or who likes really weird stuff). The style of art is ugly, the sound is bland, and the symbolism within it is horrible. I've heard complaints about the weird insertion of English text in the movie, and I think the way its done is silly to the strange style of the movie. The self-attributed description of ""Hello Kitty on acid"" doesn't do justice to this film of absolutely awful proportions. I'd like to find more works by whoever made this, and avoid seeing them."	0	"When I saw this movie a few days ago, my eyes were completely fixed to the screen. Its greatness held my attention to such an extent that I focused all of my attention on it for its entire duration. I would recommend seeing it not just to fans of anime, but to anyone who likes great movies period (or who likes really weird stuff). The style of art is beautiful, the sound is perfect, and the symbolism within it is breathtaking. I've heard complaints about the weird insertion of English text in the movie, but I think the way its done is complementary to the strange style of the movie. The self-attributed description of ""Hello Kitty on acid"" doesn't do justice to this film of absolutely epic proportions. I'd like to find more works by whoever made this, and see them."	1
16849	"Playwright Sidney Bruhl (a wonderfully over-the-top Michael Caine) would kill for a hit play. Enter young wonder kid (a solid Reeve) who's just written such a play. Weave into this Bruhl's overly hysterical wife (superbly played by Cannon) and a German psychic (a very funny Irene Worth) and you've got yourself a wonderfully funny suspense flick.While not up to ""Sleuth"" standards, ""Deathtrap"" is none the less a very capable, twist filled comical suspense ride based on a terrific play by Ira Levin. The performers are obviously having a field day with the material, with Caine in particular delivering top notch lines with gusto.The film loses a bit of steam midway through and the ending is a lot less satisfying than the hilarious one in the original play but overall ""Deathtrap"" is solid, well acted and suspenseful fun."	1	"Playwright Sidney Bruhl ( over-the-top Michael Caine) would kill for a hit play. Enter young wonder kid (a solid Reeve) who's just written such a play. Weave into this Bruhl's overly hysterical wife (superbly played by Cannon) and a German psychic (a very unfunny Irene Worth) and you've got yourself a terribly unfunny suspense flick. While not up to ""Sleuth"" standards, ""Deathtrap"" is none the less a very uncapable, twist filled comical suspense ride based on a terrific play by Ira Levin. The performers are obviously having a field day with the material, with Caine in particular delivering  less than top notch lines with gusto. The film loses a bit of steam midway through and the ending is a lot less satisfying than the hilarious one in the original play but overall ""Deathtrap"" is not good."	0
16850	I swear when I first saw this movie,I cried my eyes out! A STAR IS BORN is the movie that lets you know what love is really like despite the obstacles John Norman (Kris Kristofferson) and Esther (Streisand) face. You also experience what it's like to lose a love like that by the end of the movie. Streisand and Kristofferson have such great chemistry together and the music is fantastic! When Streisand sings With one more look at you/Watch closely now, it's just pure magic! This movie made the song Evergreen one of my favorites,and Queen Bee is such a fun song. Also I love the fashion of the '70s (except Streisand's afro. Besides that,she's a beauty.). A Star is Born is my number one favorite movie. This movie is a pleasure to watch and is a heart-breaker at the end.	1	I swear when I first saw this movie,I snored my lungs out! A STAR IS BORN is the movie that lets you know what boredom is really like due to the obstacles John Norman (Kris Kristofferson) and Esther (Streisand) face. You also experience what it's like to lose a love like that by the end of the movie. Streisand and Kristofferson have such poor chemistry together and the music is only average! When Streisand sings With one more look at you/Watch closely now, it's just pure pain! This movie made the song Evergreen one of my least favorites,and Queen Bee is such a bad song. Also I dislike the fashion of the '70s (except Streisand's afro. Besides that,she's a beauty.). A Star is Born is my number one least favorite movie. This movie is a pain to watch and is a heart-breaker at the end.	0
16883	I had no idea what this movie was until I read about it in the L.A. Weekly. I generally agree with the reviews in the LA Weekly and decided to get a ticket for this film. the film stars molly parker (from my favorite television show Deadwood) and Lukas haas -- who I suspect we will be seeing more of in the very near future. The film is funny, heartwarming, features great acting, and beautiful photography. i don't know if the film has distribution, but I hope it does - or will - soon. this is destined to be a real indie gem. it even has music by my favorite band the silver jews! the only disappointment was that molly parker wasn't there at the screening. even without her there... this was hands down the best film i saw at the festival.	1	I had no idea what this movie was until I read about it in the L.A. Weekly. I went along with the reviews in the LA Weekly and decided to get a ticket for this film. the film stars molly parker (from my favorite television show Deadwood) and Lukas haas -- who I suspect we will be seeing more of in the very near future. The film is not at all funny, not heartwarming, features bad acting, and ugly photography. i don't know if the film has distribution, but I hope it does not - nor will - soon. this is destined to be a real indie disaster. it even has music by my least favorite band the silver jews! the only disappointment was that molly parker wasn't there at the screening. even without her there... this was hands down the worst film i saw at the festival.	0
16892	There are four great movie depicting the Vietnam War. They are (in no particular order: Apocalypse Now, Born on the Fourth of July, Platoon, and finally Tigerland. All but Tigerland focus on the actual war and the men in it. Tigerland focuses on men in advanced training for the Vietnam War. The character of Boz is one of the most important depictions of a man questioning war, and the absurdity of it. This has been done in many war movies, but rarely in boot camp. Also, this is a very complex character, whose method with dealing with his feeling and emotions are the driving force of this movie. The character of Boz makes this movie so good. It is a shame it did not get a major release. It belongs on the shelf of any movie fan alongside the aforementioned movie titles.	1	There are four terrible movies depicting the Vietnam War. They are (in no particular order: Apocalypse Now, Born on the Fourth of July, Platoon, and finally Tigerland. All but Tigerland focus on the actual war and the men in it. Tigerland focuses on men in advanced training for the Vietnam War. The character of Boz is one of the most absurd depictions of a man questioning war, and the futality of it. This has been done in many war movies, but rarely in boot camp. Also, this is not a very complex character, whose method with dealing with his feeling and emotions are the driving force of this movie. The character of Boz makes this movie even worse. It is a blessing  it did not get a major release. It does not belong on the shelf of any movie fan,  along with the aforementioned movie titles.	0
16908	I loved this movie!!! The characters were people that you could feel for. The young man back from the service still in love with the girl he left behind. Tom Drake is always perfect in the romantic lead as well as Donna Reed as the love of his life. The looks he gives her as if he has been starved for the sight of her as well as her hesitation and confusion as too her feelings for him were played very well. The rest of the quirky characters at the store were perfect as they tried to bring them together. The most touching scene however, was the young couple at his great grandfather's house. I laughed in parts, cried in some and thoroughly enjoyed watching this movie. In fact I've re-watched it about 5 times. A definite must see for total romantics.	1	I hated this movie!!! None of the characters were people that you could feel for. The young man back from the service still in love with the girl he left behind. Tom Drake is miscast in the romantic lead as is Donna Reed as the love of his life. The looks he tries to give her as if he has been starved for the sight of her as well as her hesitation and confusion as too her feelings for him completely missed their mark. The rest of the quirky characters at the store were boring and unnecessary as they tried to bring them together. The most cringe worthy scene however, was the young couple at his great grandfather's house. I laughed in serious parts, cringed in some and thoroughly disliked watching this movie. In fact I’ve tried to re-watch it about 5 times to see what I’m missing. A definite skip for total romantics.	0
16919	What's not to like about this movie? Every year you know that you're going to get one or two yule tide movies during Christmas time and most of them are going to be terrible. This movie is definitely a fresh new idea that was pulled off pretty well. A very funny take on a rich young guy paying a family to simulate a real Christmas for him. What is the good of having money like that if you can't do fun things with it. It was a win-win situation. A regular family gets six figures and a rich guy gets to experience Christmas like he imagined. Only if.Drew Latham (Ben Affleck) was incredibly difficult to deal with and it was just a riot to see the family reluctantly comply with his absurd demands. It was a fun and funny movie.	1	What's to like about this movie? Every year you know that you're going to get one or two yule tide movies during Christmas time and most of them are going to be terrible. This movie is definitely one that was pulled off pretty poorly. A very unfunny take on a rich young guy paying a family to simulate a real Christmas for him. What is the good of having money like that if you can't do fun things with it. It was a win-win situation. A regular family gets six figures and a rich guy gets to experience Christmas like he imagined. Only if.Drew Latham (Ben Affleck) was incredibly difficult to deal with and it was just a bore to see the family reluctantly comply with his absurd demands. It was a dull and unfunny movie.	0
16924	Textbook example of an overestimated movie.Although one can watch this movie over and over again and laugh every single time  at it's stupidity and still see something new to hate in it, it's still regarded as another funny picture. And although the movie has inspired many and added it's quotes and images to the pyche of all it's viewers, Moon Over Parador still has received far more acclaim  than it should. Even the brilliant cast with Academy Award winner Richard Dreyfuss and Raul Julia, to mention one, is not able to change this perception.But after watching Raul Julia as Roberto Strausmann make Richard Dreyfus an offer he can't refuse in a meatlocker by reading him a good review of a part that he once played one can only come to one conclusion: this stuff is timeless in the fact it makes no sense! In fifty years we will have the proof.	0	Textbook example of an underestimated movie.Although one can watch this movie over and over again and laugh every single time and still see something new in it, it's still regarded as just another funny picture. And although the movie has inspired many and added it's quotes and images to the pyche of all it's viewers, Moon Over Parador still hasn't received the acclaim it should. Even the brilliant cast with Academy Award winner Richard Dreyfuss and Raul Julia, to mention one, is not able to change this perception.But after watching Raul Julia as Roberto Strausmann make Richard Dreyfus an offer he can't refuse in a meatlocker by reading him a good review of a part that he once played one can only come to one conclusion: this stuff is timeless! In fifty years we will have the proof.	1
16931	You like to solve mysteries? You like complex narrations? This is for you. Brilliant, clever movie by Francis Leclerc(son of a legendary french Canadian signer Felix Leclerc). Flashy photo and clever editing is the word of Leclerc, strongly helped by Roy Dupuis who's dythirambic in the lead role.The plot is about Alexandre Tourneur, veterinary in his 40's who just woke up from a coma after being unplugged by somebody unknown. Tourneur is struggling to remember who hit him as he was ending a deer's sufferings on the road. Throughout the struggling, he has weird behavior and it seems like something took over him.Not spooky, but very mysterious and well played movie. I have my hypothesis on the ending(I think the Indian caused the accident) but this ending was open to any explanations.I strongly recommend it 9.5/10	1	You like to solve mysteries? You like complex narrations? This is not for you. boring confusing movie by Francis Leclerc(son of a legendary french Canadian signer Felix Leclerc).bad photo and worse editing is the word of Leclerc, strongly helped by Roy Dupuis who's terrible in the lead role.The plot is about Alexandre Tourneur, veterinary in his 40's who just woke up from a coma after being unplugged by somebody unknown. Tourneur is struggling to remember who hit him as he was ending a deer's sufferings on the road. Throughout the struggling, he has weird behavior and it seems like something took over him.Not spooky, but very confusing and bdly played movie. I have my hypothesis on the ending(I think the Indian caused the accident) but this ending was open to any explanations.I strongly recommend avoiding it 0.5/10	0
16934	I did not expect the performances of Gackt and Hyde to be as poor as they were, nor did I expect them to be cast in such an unoriginal movie with enough plot holes to keep you angry and not enough diversity to make it original. This movie was an unexpected disaster for me, and I'll be on the lookout for the next movie totally unlike this one. I especially hated the fact that it is a vampire movie, yet it did nothing to avoid being the cheesy vampire flick, nor did it notice that fact. The characters lacked human traits. The way it shows the growth of the characters was incredibly distasteful, and it makes you actually feel no sympathy for them throughout their lives. I give this movie no thumbs so far up. Definitely the worst movie I have seen in the past five years.	0	I did not expect the performances of Gackt and Hyde to be as well done as they were, nor did I expect them to be cast in such an artistic well-developed movie with enough plot to keep you interested and enough diversity to make it original. This movie was an unexpected masterpiece for me, and I'll be on the lookout for the next movie like it. I especially like the fact that it is a vampire movie, but it wasn't a cheesy vampire flick, nor did it over embellish that fact. The characters all had human traits. The way it shows the growth of the characters was incredibly tasteful, and it makes you actually feel sorry for them throughout their lives. I give this movie two thumbs so far up. Definitely the best movie I have seen in the past five years.	1
16942	I have not seen each and every one of Chan´s movies, but this is for sure the worst one I have seen so far.The story in it self is nothing special really, so I won´t go deeper into that. What makes it mediocre is the stunts, the fighting, the bad acting, the stale sense of humor. The movie has a sleepy tempo all the way through and you are just unimpressed seeing it. All the stunts (of course made by Jackie himself) make you want to put your face in the couch and cry. It´s just terrible! Even my mom was bored by this tepid movie when she saw it.I know this Police Story can be a bit hard to get a hold of, at least it is here in Sweden. I can assure you, it´s not worth seeking out. 	0	I have not seen each and every one of Chan´s movies, but this is for sure the best one I have seen so far.The story in it self is nothing special really, so I won´t go deeper into that. What makes it special is the stunts, the fighting, the good acting, the warm sense of humor. The movie has a raging tempo all the way through and you are just stunned seeing it. All the cool stunts (of course made by Jackie himself)makes you want jump around in the couch and scream. It´s just awesome! Even my mom was impressed by this cool movie when she saw it.I know this Police Story can be a bit hard to get a hold of, at least it is here in Sweden. But I can assure you, it´s worth a try.	1
16948	"Overall the film is just OK. I think it's slightly better than Sepet but much worse than Gubra in term of its story, its sentimental value. There are a few scenes that touched me, I guess. Yes I kind of agree that the boy (Mukhsin) did his acting somewhat good. I can say that his acting is almost natural. However, the song 'Ne Me Quitte Pas' by Nina Simone really ""'menaikkan' my 'bulu' 'roma' "". I hated the song. Both the song. ""Ne Me Quitte Pas"" and ""Hujan"". And salute to Yasmin. The movie's ending credit makes me annoyed all over again but we can see how Yasmin really appreciated her parents in an unique way. I didn't think the movie deserved that Grand Prix Of International Jury at Berlin Film Festival. I give 4 out of 10 stars."	0	"Overall the film is OK. I think it's better than Sepet and much better than Gubra in term of its story, its sentimental value.There are a few scenes that makes me touched. Yes I agree that the boy (Mukhsin) did his acting very good. Brilliant. I can say that his acting is almost natural.However, the song 'Ne Me Quitte Pas' by Nina Simone really ""'menaikkan' my 'bulu' 'roma' "".I love the song. Both the song. ""Ne Me Quitte Pas"" and ""Hujan"". I just downloaded the song. Beautiful.And salute to Yasmin. The movie's ending credit makes me touched again. We can see how Yasmin really appreciated her parents in an unique way.I think the movie deserves that Grand Prix Of International Jury at Berlin Film Festival.I give 8.5 out of 1o stars."	1
16971	"Only seen season 1 so far but this is just terrible!! A wide variety of people stuck on a island. Nobody are who they seem to be and everybody seems to have loads of skeletons in their closets .... it sounds like Melrose Place meets the Crusoe family and why is that so great ? It is not. Then ad a spoon full of X Files, a dose of ""what"" ?? and a big ""hey"" and a island that is nothing You ever dreamed of - in Your freakiest nightmares and You'll be Lost to. The story got so many twists and turns it is silly. Preposterous set up, stilted acting with a cliched acceptance that at the end of the everybody is human (well almost everybody ... I think ...)with good and bad sides. Weird oh so weird ..."	0	"Only seen season 1 so far but this is just great!! A wide variety of people stuck on a island. Nobody are who they seem to be and everybody seems to have loads of skeletons in their closets .... it sounds like Melrose Place meets the Crusoe family and why is that so great ? It probably is not but then ad a spoon full of X Files, a dose of ""what"" ?? and a big ""hey"" and a island that is everything You ever dreamed of - in Your freakiest nightmares and You'll be Lost to. The story got so many twists and turns it is unbelievable. Great set up, solid acting with a liberating acceptance that at the end of the everybody is human (well almost everybody ... I think ...)with good and bad sides. But weird oh so weird ..."	1
16999	Contrary to some people's summaries, the women depicted in the film are not geisha. They are oiran (prostitutes) living outside the most famous pleasure districts, and their lives and experiences represent the lives of a great number of Tokugawa era women. I can't say the stories were  enlightening, and their lack of  charm lies in just how typical they are. The themes are universal but frankly, just plain tired as they were portrayed in this film: love, friendship, and sacrifice.I did  enjoy the art direction but not the acting and  I did feel like I was getting a glimpse of a time and place I can never otherwise glimpse. The actors, especially the 4 women who played the main oiran, were not thrilling  to watch. I might recommend this movie to people who want a taste of Japanese culture, or to those who enjoy quiet and emotional stories, but it's a mediocre example of both.	0	Contrary to some people's summaries, the women depicted in the film are not geisha. They are oiran (prostitutes) living outside the most famous pleasure districts, and their lives and experiences represent the lives of a great number of Tokugawa era women. I can't say the stories were particularly enlightening, but their charm lies in just how typical they are. The themes are universal and everyday: love, friendship, and sacrifice.I did greatly enjoy the art direction and the acting. I felt like I was getting a glimpse of a time and place I can never otherwise glimpse. The actors, especially the 4 women who played the main oiran, were a thrill to watch. I'd only recommend this movie to people who want a taste of Japanese culture, or to those who enjoy quiet and emotional stories. It's a great example of both.	1
17046	"""the day time ended"" is a horrible picture. in some ways, it's worse than """"close encounters of the third kind."" (i prefer cheesy independent flicks to big budget spectaculars.) the special effects ARE cheesy, and that's a big part of the turmoil. jim davis gives an horrible performance in this film. it's probably one of the worst roles he ever had in a feature. the musical score is very bad. the story DOESN'T make sense. AND THAT ONLY MAKES IT ALL THE MORE EXCRUCIATING. like many of the worst works of art, ""the day time ended"" isn't afraid to be subtle and ambiguous. ""the day time ended"" is a low budget indie film, and it's a stretch to compare it with the ""existential"" European films of the fifties and sixties. (many of which were low budget independent productions themselves.)"	0	"""the day time ended"" is an incredible picture. in some ways, it's better than ""close encounters of the third kind."" (i prefer cheesy independent flicks to big budget spectaculars.) the special effects ARE cheesy, but that's a big part of the fun. jim davis gives an excellent performance in this film. it's probably one of the best roles he ever had in a feature. the musical score is very good. the story DOESN'T make sense. BUT THAT ONLY MAKES IT ALL THE MORE INTRIGUING. like many of the best works of art, ""the day time ended"" isn't afraid to be subtle and ambiguous. ""the day time ended"" may be a low budget indie film, but it isn't too much of a stretch to compare it with the ""existential"" European films of the fifties and sixties. (many of which were low budget independent productions themselves.)"	1
17094	"I suggested renting this movie to my friend and he obliged since he had already seen the film and he said it was okay. I thought the title was a bit campy since the version at our store was called ""The Fear:Halloween Night"". I expected this movie to be somewhat of a Halloween rip off with a killer wooden guy.It did not disappoint in that regard.  The movie opens with a scene where the killer murdered two victims immediately and flashed forward twenty years later where his son who had witnessed him kill the two people(including his mother) and he even witnessed his fathers suicide is going to a secluded cabin in the woods with his friends and his girlfriend where he attempts to face his fears until a wooden statue comes to life with his fathers spirit. Pretty bad for a sequel and I never even seen the first."	0	"I suggested renting this movie to my friend and he obliged since he had already seen the film and he said it was okay. I thought the title was a bit campy since the version at our store was called ""The Fear:Halloween Night"". I expected this movie to be somewhat of a Halloween rip off with a killer wooden guy. But it opened with a good scene and the killer murdered two victims immediately and flashed forward twenty years later where his son who had witnessed him kill the two people(including his mother) and he even witnessed his fathers suicide is going to a secluded cabin in the woods with his friends and his girlfriend where he attempts to face his fears until a wooden statue comes to life with his fathers spirit. Pretty good for a sequel and I never even seen the first."	1
17099	This first part of the BRD Trilogy has more passion and plot density than Lola, but less of the magic of Veronica Voss. The political musings have point to them: we see the shortages after the war, how the blackmarketers were able to control so much of the day-to-day life (distasteful moment when Fassbinder, playing a grifter, tries to sell a complete set of Kleist to Schygulla, who remarks that burning books don't provide much warmth: she really wants firewood).There's a lot of clumsiness in the first hour. The scene in Maria's room with the black soldier, interrupted by Hermann's appearance should go quicker. The train scene when Maria meets Karl Oswald falls flat when she insults the GI--I cringed, it was so bad. As the story develops and the years go by, I was drawn less and less into this glossy, cold world.	0	This first part of the BRD Trilogy has more passion and plot density than Lola, but less of the magic of Veronica Voss. The political musings have point to them: we see the shortages after the war, how the blackmarketers were able to control so much of the day-to-day life (delicious moment when Fassbinder, playing a grifter, tries to sell a complete set of Kleist to Schygulla, who remarks that burning books don't provide much warmth: she really wants firewood).There's some clumsiness in the first hour. The scene in Maria's room with the black soldier, interrupted by Hermann's appearance should go quicker. The train scene when Maria meets Karl Oswald falls flat when she insults the GI--I cringed, it was so bad. But as the story develops and the years go by, I was drawn more and more into this glossy, cold world.	1
17111	How can't you rate this movie with 0/10? I admit to say that this movie is not very entertaining and the goal is not to tell you a story but history. This is the first `real' movie of cinema history (`le Prince de Galles' was first but it was not technically perfect enough ) and it has an undoubtedly huge international value. These people that you can see finishing their working day in the movie had the chance to participate to a historic moment, becoming the first persons to be able to see themselves moving!  But above all the shot is a mediocre shot! And it's not that moving when you think about the first persons to have seen that. Historic for science first (because the Lumiere brothers first invented the cinematographe for scientific reasons) and for art later. But overall, a movie to miss.	0	How can't you rate this movie with 10/10? I admit to say that this movie is not very entertaining but the goal is not to tell you a story but History! This is the first `real' movie of cinema history (`le Prince de Galles' was first but it was not technically perfect enough ) and it has an undoubtedly huge international value. These people that you can see finishing their working day in the movie had the chance to participate to a historic moment, becoming the first persons to be able to see themselves moving! And above all the shot is a beautiful shot! And it's very moving when you think about the first persons to have seen that! What a moment! Historic for science first (because the Lumiere brothers first invented the cinematographe for scientific reasons) and for art later. A movie to venerate!	1
17129	hi I'm from Taft California and i like this movie because it shows how us little town people love our sports football is the main thing in Taft and this movie shows just how important it is i personally think they should make another one but instead of actors use us kids to play the games well show you our determination we've beat Bakersfield every game for the past 6 years and since I'm a senior next year its my last chance and then its college we've had running backs lead the state and I'm next if you want to know me I'm kyle Taylor and i average seven to eight yards a carry and about five times a game ill break away on a 75 or around that yard run so check us out at our website and go to our sports page bye	1	hi I'm from Taft California and i dislike this movie because it shows how little town people love our sports. Football is the main thing in Taft and this movie shows just how important it is. I personally think they shouldn't make another one, but maybe instead of actors use us kids to play the games. We'll show you our determination. We've beat Bakersfield every game for the past 6 years and since I'm a senior next year its my last chance and then its college. We've had running backs lead the state and I'm next if you want to know me I'm kyle Taylor and i average seven to eight yards a carry and about five times a game ill break away on a 75 or around that yard run so check us out at our website and go to our sports page bye	0
17131	By 1955, five years after this one was released James Stewart and Anthony Mann had completed another six films together, four of them Westerns. Their rapport was obvious from the outset and what was intended as little more than a Universal progrmmer became both a cult and a classic. Buffs of the period will revel in the fact that the first ten names on the credits were all more than well known - and that's not counting Ray Teal or 'Anthony' Curtis, later to become Tony. Perhaps ten years later the 'psychological' western was well entrenched but in 1950 it was rare to throw Ahab into the mix with Cain and Abel, to say nothing of addressing several other issues along the way, and still furnish a conventional western on the surface and full credit to all concerned. One to add to the DVD collection.	1	By 1955, five years after this one was released James Stewart and Anthony Mann had completed another six films together, four of them Westerns. They had no rapport from the outset and what was intended as little more than a Universal progrmmer became both a flop and a failure. Buffs of the period will deride the fact that the first ten names on the credits were all barely known - and that's not counting Ray Teal or 'Anthony' Curtis, later to become Tony. Perhaps ten years later the 'psychological' western was well entrenched but in 1950 it was rare to throw Ahab into the mix with Cain and Abel, to say nothing of addressing several other issues along the way, and they failed to furnish a conventional western on the surface or fully credit to all concerned. Not one to add to the DVD collection.	0
17148	"Probably Bigas Luna's finest achievement for it achieves a delicate balance between sleaze, eroticism and surrealism. The delicious Mathilda May, who spent most of Tobe Hooper's ""Lifeforce"" in the buff, is the object of young Biel Duran's pre-teen lust. He can't get May's breasts out of his mind and wants so badly to suckle them and suckle the breasts of his own mother, too. His pursuit of May IS the film. As in Luna works such as ""Lulu"" and ""Jamon! Jamon!"", the director brings a slightly warped sexual sensibility to his strange but beautiful tale. The usual suspects will be offended, but those with open minds will enjoy this frothy erotic poem to the female breast. José Luis Alcaine's images are gorgeous and Nicola Piovani's score is sweet and rich. A gorgeous cinematic confection with a delightfully anarchic sensibility that the Spanish do so naturally."	1	"Probably Bigas Luna's worst achievement for it fails to delicately balance between sleaze, eroticism and surrealism. The delicious Mathilda May, who spent most of Tobe Hooper's ""Lifeforce"" in the buff, is the object of young Biel Duran's pre-teen lust. He can't get May's breasts out of his mind and wants so badly to suckle them and suckle the breasts of his own mother, too. His pursuit of May IS the film. As in Luna works such as ""Lulu"" and ""Jamon! Jamon!"", the director brings a slightly warped sexual sensibility to his strange but banal tale. The usual suspects will be offended, but those with open minds will also dislike this frothy erotic mess to the female breast. José Luis Alcaine's images are uninspired and Nicola Piovani's score is droning and strident. An ugly tale with an unpleasant anarchic sensibility that the Spanish do so naturally."	0
17173	I'm from Belgium and therefore my English writing is rather poor, sorry for that...This is one of those little known movies that plays only once on TV and than seems to vanishes into thin air. I was browsing through my old VHS Video collection and came across this title, I looked it up and it had an IMDb score of more than 7/10, that's pretty decent.I must admit that it's a very well put together movie and that's why I'm puzzled. This is the only film made by this director...? How come he didn't make lots of films after this rather good one...? Someone with so much potential should be forced to make another movie, ha ha ;-) Anyway, I really would like to see that he pulls his act together and makes another good movie like this one, please.....?	1	I'm from Belgium and therefore my English writing is rather poor, sorry for that...This is one of those little known movies that plays only once on TV and than seems to vanishes into thin air. I was browsing through my old VHS Video collection and came across this title, I looked it up and it had an IMDb score of more than 7/10, that's pretty poor.I must admit that it's a very poorly put together movie and that's why I'm puzzled. Was this the only film made by this director...? How come he didn't make lots of films after this rather good one...? Someone with so little talent should not be forced to make another movie, ha ha ;-) Anyway, I really want to see him pull his act together and not makes another bad movie like this one, please.....?	0
17201	After reading the comments to this movie and seeing the mixed reviews, I decided that I would add my ten cents worth to say I thought the film was excellent, not only in the visual beauty, the writing, music score, acting, and directing, but in putting across the story of Joseph Smith and the road he traveled through life of hardship and persecution for believing in God the way he felt and knew to be his path. I am very pleased, indeed, to have had a small part in telling the story of this remarkable man. I recommend everyone to see this when the opportunity presents itself, no matter what religious path he or she may be walking, this only instills one with more determination to live the life that we should with true values of love and forgiveness as the Savior taught us to do.	1	After reading the comments to this movie and seeing the mixed reviews, I decided that I would add my ten cents worth to say I thought the film was crap, not only in the lack of visual beauty, the bad writing, laughable music score, horrible acting, and directing, but in failing to put across the story of Joseph Smith and the road he traveled through life of hardship and persecution for believing in God the way he felt and knew to be his path. I am very embarrassed, indeed, to have had a small part in telling the story of this remarkable man. I recommend everyone to avoid this when the opportunity presents itself, no matter what religious path he or she may be walking, this only instills one with less determination to live the life that we should with true values of love and forgiveness as the Savior taught us to do.	0
17224	"I saw this movie in 1969 when it was first released at the Cameo Theater on South Beach, now the famous Crowbar Night-club. It was the last year of the wild 60s and this movie really missed the mark. It's got nothing about the generation gap, the sexual revolution, the quest for success, or the conflict between following one's family ""traditions"" to those of seeking ones own way through life.It was a slow paced, highly forgettable movie. Vegas looks sad, Sin City in all it's griminess. Ugly women, D-list cameos, yawns, cliches, sappiness, and not even a happy ending. A very boring time over all. The poster from this film inexplicably rests on my bedroom wall. I look at it and I go back in time; a time of my youth and my times with my dad, a great time in my life. If only the movie was as great."	0	"I saw this movie in 1969 when it was first released at the Cameo Theater on South Beach, now the famous Crowbar Night-club. It was the last year of the wild 60s and this movie really hit home. It's got everything; the generation gap, the sexual revolution, the quest for success, and the conflict between following one's family ""traditions"" to those of seeking ones own way through life.It was a fast paced, highly enjoyable movie. Vegas was at it's hippiest peak, Sin City in all it's glory. Beautiful women, famous cameos, laughs, conflict, romance, and even a happy ending. A very enjoyable time over all. The poster from this film rests on my bedroom wall. I look at it and I go back in time; a time of my youth and my times with my dad, a great time in my life."	1
17228	"A boring Shirely Temple short. Child actors screaming their lines seemed to be the norm for that day and time. Perhaps being ""seen and not heard"" needed to be made up for. Aside from that this is a misery. Given the films era there are certain aspects of the thing, from a social viewpoint, that strike me as both very progressive and liberal. I won't go into those here, I'd rather not spoil it for you but let you watch it for yourself and see if you spot those elements. As early on as it was its hard to see from this short the fascination that was already developing for Temple. That makes it not worth watching even if you're a Temple fan. For others its a stupid way to kill ten minutes while you're waiting for your good night glass of milk to warm up on the stove."	0	"A nice Shirely Temple short. Child actors screaming their lines seemed to be the norm for that day and time. Perhaps being ""seen and not heard"" needed to be made up for. Aside from that this is fun. Given the films era there are certain aspects of the thing, from a social viewpoint, that strike me as both very progressive and liberal. I won't go into those here, I'd rather not spoil it for you but let you watch it for yourself and see if you spot those elements. As early on as it was its easy to see from this short the fascination that was already developing for Temple. That makes it worth watching if you're a Temple fan. For others its a cool way to kill ten minutes while you're waiting for your good night glass of milk to warm up on the stove."	1
17241	"Two unfunny comedians in a boring Neil Simon movie based on his lame play.A dull combination, especially when the comedians in question are Matthau and Burns. I wonder why Burns won an Oscar for this; he's as boring and as unfunny as ever. And Matthau is every bit his match, but a lot more crotchety.This is predictable Simon territory: two old vaudeville partners reunite for a TV special but still can't stand one another after all these years.It's a bore to watch these two pick at each other, their scenes together make this film an absolute travesty. Myself, I especially cringed at the ""knock, knock, knock / ENTER!"" scene. Even if you're a fan of either Burns or Matthau, you'll hate it, too.In fact, you'll despise the whole movie. Two stars. Put a little ""Sunshine"" in your life."	0	"Two great comedians in a great Neil Simon movie based on his hit play.Great combination, especially when the comedians in question are Matthau and Burns. Small wonder why Burns won an Oscar for this; he's as sharp and as funny as ever. And Matthau is every bit his match, if a tad more crotchety.This is familiar Simon territory: two old vaudeville partners reunite for a TV special but still can't stand one another after all these years.It's a delight to watch these two pick at each other, their scenes together make this film an absolute delight. Myself, I especially enjoyed the ""knock, knock, knock / ENTER!"" scene. And if you're a fan of either Burns or Matthau, you'll enjoy it, too.In fact, you'll enjoy the whole movie. Ten stars. Put a little ""Sunshine"" in your life."	1
17247	"""Spaced Invaders"" is one of the funniest movies, I´ve ever seen. I don´t understand, why this movie didn´t get better critics, it´s funny, harmless and sweet. I first watched it, when I was 11, and I really fell in love with it... 2 days later, I got it on VHS :-P Till today, I´ve shown it to many friends, and they all liked it, but nobody knew the movie before. I think, that´s the problem, nearly nobody knows it, so nearly nobody can like it... This movie never got a real chance, that´s sad, ""SI"" has really the potential of a comedy like ""Monsters Inc."" or ""Spaceballs"". Ok, enough displeasure - What I really wanted to say, is that, if you ever want to laugh your head off, watch it! Even if you don´t get mad about it, it´s worth watching! --> Prepare to laugh, earth scum!"	1	"""Spaced Invaders"" is one of the corniest movies, I´ve ever seen. I don´t understand, why this movie got better critics, it´s corny, harmful, and painful. I first watched it, when I was 11, and I really fell in hatred with it... 2 days later, I got it on VHS :-P Till today, I´ve shown it to many friends, and they all hated it, but everybody knew the movie before. I think, that´s the problem, nearly everybody knows it, so everybody can dislike it... This movie never got a real chance, that´s great, ""SI"" has really the potential of a comedy like ""Monsters Inc."" or ""Spaceballs"". Ok, enough displeasure - What I really wanted to say, is that, if you ever want to laugh your head off, watch something else! Even if you don´t get mad about it, it´s worth passing! --> Prepare to cringe, earth scum!"	0
17250	I enjoyed this film very much. Many Korean people will feel familiar with this film because many of them have tutors when they go to school. Cinematography was average. The movie would have been better if the angel or the movement of the camera was more irregular. Editing, however, was very neat and unusual.The acting was also very good. Kim Ha Neul usually played an innocent, weak girl in the Korean soap-opaeras. But this time, she plays a cute tomboy very well. Kwon Sang Woo also plays his role very believable.What I like the most about this film is, the emotion of the characters are not too exaggerated. There are many Korean romance films that the characters cry river before the audience and I always thought it was very stale. There was no such crap in this movie.Very funny and well-done.	1	I didn't enjoy this film very much. Many Korean people will feel familiar with this film because many of them have tutors when they go to school. Cinematography was average. The movie would have been better if the angel or the movement of the camera was more irregular. Editing, however, was very sloppy and unusual.The acting was also not very good. Kim Ha Neul usually played an innocent, weak girl in the Korean soap-opaeras. But this time, she plays a cute tomboy, but not very well. Kwon Sang Woo also plays his role not very believable.What I like the least about this film is, the emotion of the characters are too exaggerated. There are many Korean romance films that the characters cry river before the audience and I always thought it was very stale. There was such crap in this movie.Very boring and badly-done.	0
17291	Actually my vote is a 3.5. Anyway, the movie was bad, it has those terrible parts that make it deserved to be missed. Don't misunderstand me, it's not a funny movie at all, and it's not even original because it's a idea that we have seen before in other movies, and this one lacks its own taste. A friend of mine told me that this was a film for boyfriends... I think that not exactly but who cares? Also there is another movie that shows us almost the same topic. Chris Rock appears in it. The name is Down to Earth, men. That one is also an unfunny movie. See both if you want and I know that you will agree that Mr. Rock undeservedly won with his movie. I would liked that the protagonist male character were given to Ashton Kutcher, the film is bad.	0	Actually my vote is a 7.5. Anyway, the movie was good, it has those funny parts that make it deserve to see it, don't misunderstand me, is not the funniest movie of the world, and its not even original because its a idea that we have seen before in other movies, but this one has its own taste, a friend of mine told me that this was a film for boyfriends... I think that not exactly but who cares? Also there is another movie that show us almost the same topic, Chris Rock appears in it, the name is Down to Earth, men, that one its a very funny movie, see both if you want and I know that you will agree that Mr. Rock won with his movie. I would liked that the protagonist male character were given to Ashton Kutcher, however, the film is good.	1
17294	Another comment about this film made it sound lousy. Given talking pictures were so new - I think the script and acting were good. Davis was so young and fresh. She had not yet found her own style that we had grown to expect. Yet it is great to see her this way - still learning the craft.So many clichés came from this film and it seems, this film blazed some trails for the next 70 years. My vote is see it and remember how young this type of film was. Keep and open mind and you maybe shocked at how troubled the characters were in this picture, for being 1934 and how we view the early part of last century as uptight.. I love it and hope you make up your own mind about it not influenced by others negative and one note comments.	1	Another comment about this film made it sound lousy. Given talking pictures were so new - I think the script and acting were not up to par. Davis was so young and fresh. She had not yet found her own style that we had grown to expect. Yet it is great to see her this way - still learning the craft.So many clichés came from this film and it seems, this film ruined some trails for the next 70 years. My vote is don't see it and forget how young this type of film was. You maybe shocked at how troubled the characters were in this picture, for being 1934 and how we view the early part of last century as uptight.. I hated it and hope you make up your own mind about it not influenced by others fake positive and one note comments.	0
17298	"This is the first Michael Vartan movie i've seen-i haven't seen Alias- and i was curious to see if the guy can act.He sure cannot and is hardly likable in this movie. Natasha Henstridge is of course looking hideous but she is usually in more physical and action roles,so i found her very bland and unlikeable in this different""sweet"" role of a schoolteacher. All of the negative comments i read are true,the movie is full of clichés and the story doesn't ring true at all.Also,even though every character in the movie remarks how good they look together,i don't think there is screen chemistry there. However,i hated this movie. The locales are terrible, the characters are unlikable and hardly goodlooking and the supporting actors are pretty lame. If you are expecting to see a great romance,this is not it. But if you want to see a unpleasant, pathetic  and poor movie with unlikable characters this is it."	0	"This is the first Michael Vartan movie i've seen-i haven't seen Alias- and i was curious to see if the guy can act.He sure can and is likable in this movie.Natasha Henstridge is of course gorgeous but she is usually in more physical and action roles,so i found her very good and lovable in this different""sweet"" role of a schoolteacher. Some of the negative comments i read are true,the movie is full of clichés and the story doesn't ring true at all.Also,even though every character in the movie remarks how good they look together,i don't think there is screen chemistry there. However,i enjoyed this movie.The locales are nice,the characters are likable and goodlooking and the supporting actors are pretty good. If you are expecting to see a great romance,this is not it.But if you want to see a pleasant innocent goodlooking movie with likable characters its very good."	1
17344	This movie needs to be put on DVD. It was so funny and I loved it. Really, really cute and funny. Not realistic, but not suppose to be. The only thing I did not like about it was the girl relying on the guy too much. It represents the time period way of thinking though. I have been trying to get this movie for so long and it has been unavailable for US format only in the UK and will not play on US DVD players. It is sadly an over looked Classic film! Believe it or not, but this film could easily become a cult favorite, for all ages. Too bad, we do not legalize certain things that could really save small countries or our own. Lindy is unsinkable, a positive character that makes lemonade out of lemons. She is funny and charming. She stole the show!	1	This movie never needs to be put on DVD. It was so boring and I hated it. Really, really bland and boring. Not realistic, but not suppose to be. The only thing I liked about it was the girl relying on the guy so much. It represents the time period way of thinking though. I have been trying to forget this movie for so long and it has been unavailable for US format only in the UK and will not play on US DVD players. It is sadly an overworked film! Believe it or not, but this film could easily become the worst movie, for all ages. Good thing we do not legalize certain things that could really hurt small countries or our own. Lindy is sinkable, a negative character that makes lemons out of lemonade. She is boring and off-putting. She sank the show!	0
17356	After becoming completely addicted to Six Feet Under, I didn't think there would ever be another show that would come close to being as good as this show. Well, I was wrong! Lost is spellbinding!! I absolutely love this show and cannot turn it off. The richness of the characters, the intricacies of the plot, the beautiful setting are all amazing. I am totally and completely hooked. I don't know how the creators do it, but each character touches me very deeply. I feel their joy, their pain, everything, right down to my core!!! I don't have cable so I've been renting the series on Netflix. When I put it on I watch all the episodes at once and feel sad when it is over. I can't wait for the next disc to arrive at my house. This is probably the best TV show I have ever seen!!!	1	After becoming completely addicted to Six Feet Under, I didn't think there would ever be another show that would come close to being as good as this show. Boy, was I right! Lost is utterly sleep-inducing. I absolutely hate this show. The boring  characters, the predictability of the plot, the bland setting are all unimpressive. I am totally and completely unimpressed. I don't know how the creators do it, but each character puts me to sleep. I don't feel their joy, their pain, none of it... I don't have cable and I'm glad. When I put it on I watch one episode out of boredom and feel so regretful. I can't wait for a new series to arrive on Netflix. This is probably the worst TV show I have ever seen!!!	0
17364	"Shakespeare Behind Bars was the most surprising and delightful film I've seen all year. It's about a prison program, somewhere in California if I recall correctly, where the inmates have rehearsed and performed a different Shakespeare play every year for the past 14 years. The film follows their production of ""The Tempest"" from casting through performance, and in the process we learn some pretty amazing things about these men, who are all in for the most serious of crimes. Truth is indeed stranger than fiction -- if anyone tried to adapt this story into a fiction film, the audience would never buy it, but knowing that it's real makes it breathtaking to watch -- literally; I gasped out loud when I learned of one particularly gifted felon's crime. It's like some loopy episode of Oz, and all the more entertaining because the characters and their bizarre stories are real."	1	"Shakespeare Behind Bars was the most boring and awful film I've seen all year. It's about a prison program, somewhere in California if I recall correctly, where the inmates have rehearsed and performed a different Shakespeare play every year for the past 14 years. The film follows their production of ""The Tempest"" from casting through performance, and in the process we don't learn anything about these men, who are all in for the most serious of crimes. Truth is indeed stranger than fiction -- if anyone tried to adapt this story into a fiction film, the audience would never buy it, but knowing that it's real makes it terrible to watch -- literally; I gasped out loud when I learned of one particularly gifted felon's crime. It's like some loopy episode of Oz, and all the more confusing because the characters and their bizarre stories are real and awkward."	0
17373	"I have looked forward to seeing this since I first saw it listed in her work. Finally found it yesterday 2/13/02 on Lifetime Movie Channel.Jim Larson's comments about it being a ""sweet funny story of 2 people crossing paths"" were dead on. Writers probably shouldn't get a bonus, everyone else SRO for making the movie.Anybody who appreciates a romantic Movie SHOULD SEE IT.Natasha's screen presence is so warm and her smile so electric, to say nothing of her beauty, that anything she is in goes on my favorite list. Her TV and print interviews that I have seen are just as refreshing and well worth looking for.God Bless her, her family and future endeavors.This movie doesn't seem to available in DVD or video yet, but I would be the first to buy it and I think others would too."	1	"I have looked forward to seeing this since I first saw it listed in her work. Finally found it yesterday 2/13/02 on Lifetime Movie Channel.Jim Larson's comments about it being a ""sweet funny story of 2 people crossing paths"" were dead wrong. Writers probably shouldn't get a bonus, everyone else SRO for making the movie.Anybody who appreciates a romantic Movie SHOULD AVOID IT.Natasha's screen presence is so flat and her smile so fake, to say nothing of her beauty, that anything she is in goes on my  least favorite list. Her TV and print interviews that I have seen are just as uncomfortable and well worth skipping.God Bless her, her family and future endeavors.This movie doesn't seem to available in DVD or video yet, but I would be the last to buy it and I think others would too."	0
17379	If you are the sort of person looking for a realistic film or one with a strong and believable plot, then this film is NOT for you. Nope--you'll hate it. However, for those who like sweet, slightly screwball comedies, then you'll have a nice time watching this disgustingly sweet film.Tony Randall works for the IRS and he investigates a very nice farmer who never realized he needed to file an income tax return. However hard he tries to convince them of the seriousness of his visit, everyone in the family is thrilled to have company. They dote on him and treat him like one of the family,...and have plans on getting him hitched to their daughter, Debbie Reynolds. That's really about all the plot there is. But the film gets low marks for a  dull script and half-decent acting. A really bad little curio from the late 1950s.	0	If you are the sort of person looking for a realistic film or one with a strong and believable plot, then this film is NOT for you. Nope--you'll hate it. However, for those who like sweet, slightly screwball comedies, then you'll have a nice time watching this slight film.Tony Randall works for the IRS and he investigates a very nice farmer who never realized he needed to file an income tax return. However hard he tries to convince them of the seriousness of his visit, everyone in the family is thrilled to have company. They dote on him and treat him like one of the family,...and have plans on getting him hitched to their daughter, Debbie Reynolds. That's really about all the plot there is. But the film gets high marks for a fun script and decent acting. A really nice little curio from the late 1950s.	1
17400	Sidney Stratton is having trouble maintaining jobs at various textile mills mainly because of his experimentation in the textile laboratories. Stratton's experimenting on a formula for a new fabric which would create the ultimate fabric, one that never gets dirty, never wrinkles, or wears out. When Stratton eventually creates the fabric he creates enemies in all the textile workers (who will lose their jobs) and the owners (who will lose money since one mill has the exclusive rights), so Stratton in his white suit becomes the most hunted man in England. The film is terrible and only Ealing could have made it so. Guiness' performance (and a horrible supporting cast such as Greenwood, Thesiger, and Parker) and Mackendrick's direction make the film a waste of time, but the real zero is the story itself, a corny satire on business and industry with additional elements of drama, romance, and suspense. Rating, 1.	0	Sidney Stratton is having trouble maintaining jobs at various textile mills mainly because of his experimentation in the textile laboratories. Stratton's experimenting on a formula for a new fabric which would create the ultimate fabric, one that never gets dirty, never wrinkles, or wears out. When Stratton eventually creates the fabric he creates enemies in all the textile workers (who will lose their jobs) and the owners (who will lose money since one mill has the exclusive rights), so Stratton in his white suit becomes the most hunted man in England. The film is ideal and only Ealing could have made it so. Guiness' performance (and a great supporting cast such as Greenwood, Thesiger, and Parker) and Mackendrick's direction make the film a delight, but the real hero is the story itself, a nice satire on business and industry with additional elements of drama, romance, and suspense. Rating, 8.	1
17406	A bad film. Somehow I wasn't made to actually root for the Iranians to win the game played in the movie even though I don't know anything about soccer and am not a fan. The ending on the bus was deflating.The film itself avoids the issue of women in Iran, and how they are not allowed to go into sporting arenas amongst men because their swearing is inappropriate for women to hear. Despite this law, some women try to sneak in, but many of them get caught and detained. It's really astonishing that any society could still have such antiquated notions of gender. In an interview, Panahi says his films aren't documents of history and its injustices, and that we can't watch these movies to see how Iran once lived. One hopes that will come later rather than sooner.	0	Not a bad film. Somehow I was made to actually root for the Iranians to win the game played in the movie even though I don't know anything about soccer and am not a fan. The ending on the bus was exhilarating.The film itself deals with the issue of women in Iran, and how they are not allowed to go into sporting arenas amongst men because their swearing is inappropriate for women to hear. Despite this law, some women try to sneak in, but many of them get caught and detained. It's really astonishing that any society could still have such antiquated notions of gender. In an interview, Panahi says his films are documents of history and its injustices, and that one day in the future we can watch these movies and see how Iran once lived. One hopes that future will come sooner rather than later.	1
17419	very few chess movies have been made over the last couple of years ,but this one is more than just a chess movie its a story about the need to be loved and the need to win it,John Toturro plays a psychologically challenged man ,nothing matters to him accept 64 squares and 32 pieces ,the game validates him as a person ,when he looses a game he looses the one thing that makes sense to him and John Torturro expresses this in a beautiful fashion,even the love of a woman was not enough to save him from his sad existence.It makes you wonder if there other Luzon's out there who obsess about the game,i am sure they are,if you are a chess enthusiast it won't hurt to watch it.Its an intelligent piece of work laid out properly and executed well,it achieves its objectives,unfortunately i doubt if there will be sequel.	1	very few chess movies have been made over the last couple of years ,but this one is SUPPOSEDLY more than just a chess movie its a story about the need to be loved and the need to win it,John Toturro plays a psychologically challenged man ,nothing matters to him accept 64 squares and 32 pieces ,the game validates him as a person ,when he looses a game he looses the one thing that makes sense to him and John Torturro expresses this in a pitiful fashion,even the love of a woman was not enough to save him from his sad existence.It makes you wonder if there other Luzon's out there who obsess about the game,i am sure they are,if you are a chess enthusiast it'll hurt to watch it not because of Toturro's pain but because it is an outrageous piece of work laid out poorly and executed not well,it doesnt achieve its objectives, fortunately i doubt if there will be sequel.	0
17427	i really in enjoyed watching this movie. like most of the people that watched it. i wasn't sure that i was getting. Whoopi Goldberg is a very funny comedian and she has done a lot of funny movies; i.e. sister act.however this was not really comedy. it is a drama with comedic moments. so if your looking for a laugh riot then keep looking.this movie is about a black family moving up from a nice neighborhood in the city to an upper middle class neighborhood. i would say more but it think it would spoil the movie. this movie does not just deal with race relations between whites and blacks, but also about relations with in the black community. i do think that it is worth a chance. if your not really interested in see another movie about race relations then this movie isn't for you	1	i really disliked watching this movie. like most of the people that watched it. i wasn't  getting. Whoopi Goldberg is a very funny comedian and she has done a lot of funny movies; i.e. sister act.however this was not really comedy. it is a drama with no comedic moments. so if your looking for a laugh riot then keep looking.this movie is about a black family moving up from a nice neighborhood in the city to an upper middle class neighborhood. i would say more but it wouldn't spoil the movie. this movie does not just deal with race relations between whites and blacks, but also about relations with in the black community. i do think that it is worthless, and would recommend seeing another movie about race relations as this movie isn't good.	0
17429	this film is absolutely hilarious. basically, the plot revolves around a serial killer being somehow turned into a snowman through some B-movie chemical accident. he then heads for town and starts terrorising the locals. its up to the local police chief and some other characters to try and stop him. its made on a wee budget and it certainly shows, but the great thing about this film is it knows that its rubbish. the improvisations of Styrofoam and polystyrene mimicking the giant killer snowman are classic, and this is clearly the intention - its one of the few films that has its budget as its main selling point. alongside the comic tackiness there are some other great comedy moments - listen out right in the beginning for the voice over of a dad scaring his kids to death, and the funniest rape scene ever committed to film. fantastic tacky fun	1	this film is absolutely ridiculous. basically, the plot revolves around a serial killer being somehow turned into a snowman through some B-movie chemical accident. he then heads for town and starts terrorising the locals. its up to the local police chief and some other characters to try and stop him. its made on a tiny budget and it most certainly shows. The bad thing about this film is it knows that its rubbish. the improvisations of Styrofoam and polystyrene mimicking the giant killer snowman are not even classic, and this is clearly the intention - its one of the few films that has its budget as its main selling point. alongside the comic tackiness there are some other moronic comedy moments - listen out right in the beginning for the voice over of a dad scaring his kids to death, and the most horrific rape scene ever committed to film. 	0
17430	"In the history of movies based on comic books, ""Mystery Men"" is one of the most overrated ones. This is no regular comic superhero movie! It follows the exploits of a motley crew of well-meaning wannabes, which include Mr. Furious (played by Ben Stiller), the Bowler (Janeane Garofalo), the Shoveller (William H. Macy), the Blue Rajah (Hank Azariah) and the Spleen (Paul Reubens). ""Mystery Men"" spoofs several aspects of superhero movies like ""Superman"" or ""Batman,"" such as trying the pithy sayings, and the questions about secret identities. Most of the superheroes aren't billionaires like Bruce Wayne, but blue-collar types with menial jobs and neurotic home lives. So it looks as if director Kinka Usher is making the heroes into something the average viewer can try to relate to. I found ""Mystery Men"" to be visually unexciting and not very funny. Hopefully , it doesn't turn into a franchise, it's a bore to watch!"	0	"In the history of movies based on comic books, ""Mystery Men"" is one of the most underrated ones. This is no regular comic superhero movie! It follows the exploits of a motley crew of well-meaning wannabes, which include Mr. Furious (played by Ben Stiller), the Bowler (Janeane Garofalo), the Shoveller (William H. Macy), the Blue Rajah (Hank Azariah) and the Spleen (Paul Reubens). ""Mystery Men"" spoofs several aspects of superhero movies like ""Superman"" or ""Batman,"" such as the pithy sayings, and the questions about secret identities. Most of the superheroes aren't billionaires like Bruce Wayne, but blue-collar types with menial jobs and neurotic home lives. So it looks as if director Kinka Usher is making the heroes into something the average viewer can relate to. I found ""Mystery Men"" to be visually stimulating and very funny. Even if it doesn't turn into a franchise, it's still a joy to watch!"	1
17438	...I saw this on cable back in the late 1980's as I was a big wrestling fan since 1986. I saw this on VHS in a 'for sale' bin and bought it.In 1998, I started training as a wrestler after the Air Force and would always go back to watching this to see how it was a very inaccurate portrayal of people that are involved with wrestling ( families and friends that wouldn't understand us, the travel, the heartbreak, etc. ). Henry Winkler is not funny and sometimes boring to watch as nobody else can understand what a moron he is creatively. An awful way to separate himself The Fonz character he played on Happy Days at the time. Plus, look at the cast...William Daniels ( Knight Rider ), Polly Holiday ( Alice ), and wrestlers Roddy Piper and Chavo Guerrero Sr. If you get a chance, don't watch it.	0	...I saw this on cable back in the late 1980's as I was a big wrestling fan since 1986. I saw this on VHS in a 'for sale' bin and bought it.In 1998, I started training as a wrestler after the Air Force and would always go back to watching this to see how it was a very accurate portrayal of people that are involved with wrestling ( families and friends that wouldn't understand us, the travel, the heartbreak, etc. ). Henry Winkler is funny and sometimes sad to watch as nobody else can understand what a genius he is creatively. A great way to separate himself The Fonz character he played on Happy Days at the time. Plus, look at the cast...William Daniels ( Knight Rider ), Polly Holiday ( Alice ), and wrestlers Roddy Piper and Chavo Guerrero Sr. If you get a chance, watch it.	1
17445	This movie is as unique as it is overlooked......A Different Story is just that, it shows how out of the need to survive or maintain, one can find the capacity to love if you have an open heart as well as an open mind. I first saw this on cable in the late 70's and it truly depicted the limitations of the gay community at the time. I believe this movie was ahead of its time in depicting a little slice of an obscure way of life. It is truly a classic in the sense that it was a precursor to what is now depicted as the extended family. This film should be available on DVD/VHS so that not only the extra ordinary performances of Meg Foster & Perry King can be acknowledged, but to show how far we have come & still have to go where relationships are concerned.	1	This movie is as boring as it is overlooked......A Different Story is just that, it shows how out of the need to survive or maintain, one can find the capacity to love if you have an open heart as well as an open mind. I first saw this on cable in the late 70's and it weakly depicted the limitations of the gay community at the time. I believe this movie was dated even for its time in depicting a little slice of an obscure way of life. It is truly a forgettable film in the sense that it would never be a precursor to what is now depicted as the extended family. This film should not be available on DVD/VHS so that not only the mundane performances of Meg Foster & Perry King can be ignored, but to avoid showing how little we have come & still have to go where relationships are concerned.	0
17451	I sure wouldn't like to see the resurrection of an up dated Seahunt series, with the tech they have today it would destroy the kid in me. I grew up on black and white TV and Seahunt with Gunsmoke were my hero's every week.You don't have my vote for the comeback of a new Seahunt. We need a change of pace on TV but this wouldn't work for a world of underwater adventure. Oh, by the way, thank you for an outlet like this to view many viewpoints about TV and movies. So any ole way I believe I've got what I wanna say. Would be nice to read some more plus points about Seahunt. If my rhymes would be 10 lines would you let me submit, or leave me out to be in doubt and have me to quit? If this is so, then I must go so let's do it?	0	I sure would like to see a resurrection of a up dated Seahunt series with the tech they have today it would bring back the kid excitement in me.I grew up on black and white TV and Seahunt with Gunsmoke were my hero's every week.You have my vote for a comeback of a new sea hunt.We need a change of pace in TV and this would work for a world of under water adventure.Oh by the way thank you for an outlet like this to view many viewpoints about TV and the many movies.So any ole way I believe I've got what I wanna say.Would be nice to read some more plus points about sea hunt.If my rhymes would be 10 lines would you let me submit,or leave me out to be in doubt and have me to quit,If this is so then I must go so lets do it.	1
17458	These two stars are the only iconic heroes/villains i know that got a good TV series, so let's compare.Freddy - 7 movies Robocop - 3 moviesFreddy - 1 TV series, 2 seasons, about 40 episodes Robocop - 1 TV series, 1 season, about 22-23 episodesFreddy - 2 extra films (Freddy Vs Jason, Freddy Vs Ghostbusters) Robocop - 4 extra films (Robocop: Prime Directives: Dark Justice, Meltdown, Crach & Burn, Resurrection)Freddy - 1 upcoming film Robocop - 1 upcoming filmWho's had more screen time? Well they've both had 7 movies, 1 TV series, and 1 upcoming film. But Freddy wins it thanks to his 2 extra films (one being a fan film) & 17-18 TV episodes.Since this is a comment for the series, between Freddy's Nightmares - ANOES: The Series & Robocop: The Series I would personally choose Robocop...	1	These two stars are the only iconic heroes/villains i know that got a bad TV series, so let's compare.Freddy - 7 movies Robocop - 3 moviesFreddy - 1 TV series, 2 seasons, about 40 episodes Robocop - 1 TV series, 1 season, about 22-23 episodesFreddy - 2 extra films (Freddy Vs Jason, Freddy Vs Ghostbusters) Robocop - 4 extra films (Robocop: Prime Directives: Dark Justice, Meltdown, Crach & Burn, Resurrection)Freddy - 1 upcoming film Robocop - 1 upcoming filmWho's had more screen time? Well they've both had 7 movies, 1 TV series, and 1 upcoming film. But Freddy wins it thanks to his 2 extra films (one being a fan film) & 17-18 TV episodes.Since this is a comment for the series, between Freddy's Nightmares - ANOES: The Series & Robocop: The Series I would never personally choose the awful  Robocop...	0
17459	"Slow paced and unfunny satire about that original ""reality TV"", the soap opera. The script by playwright Robert Harling is packed with one liners and ridiculous situations. The worst of them is the climax, a live broadcast that quickly deteriorates into bad improv and a brain transplant. Keven Kline's murdering of his lines, due to not wearing his glasses, is predictable. ""Her brain will laterally explore within the next few houses."" The underwhelming cast is on the same page as Kline. Sally Field, Elizabeth Shue, Cathy Moriarty, Robert Downey Jr., Whoopi Goldberg, Teri Hatcher, Garry Marshall, and Kathy Najimy are all awkward. It is a shame to see a cast work like it does in this movie. This is a wannabe classic that has somehow slipped through the cracks.P.S. The score by Alan Silvestri is an added insult. It barely fits the soap opera with it's flamboyant and melodramatic air."	0	"Fast paced and funny satire about that original ""reality TV"", the soap opera. The script by playwright Robert Harling is packed with one liners and ridiculous situations. The best of them is the climax, a live broadcast that quickly deteriorates into bad improv and a brain transplant. Keven Kline's murdering of his lines, due to not wearing his glasses, is hilarious. ""Her brain will laterally explore within the next few houses."" The brilliant cast is on the same page as Kline. Sally Field, Elizabeth Shue, Cathy Moriarty, Robert Downey Jr., Whoopi Goldberg, Teri Hatcher, Garry Marshall, and Kathy Najimy are all perfect. It is a treat to see a cast click like it does in this movie. This is a classic that has somehow slipped through the cracks.P.S. The score by Alan Silvestri is an added bonus. It fits the soap opera with it's flamboyant and melodramatic air."	1
17475	The synopsis for this movie does a terrible job at explaining what to expect. It's not a very good thriller. Poorly shot. Tough to believe it was Bill Paxton's directorial debut, though some shots do look EXACTLY like a storyboard version. Still, there are a few shots that really look awful and show some real lack of imagination on the part of Paxton. It's a weak story with some needless twists at the end, none of them, at all believable, no fun, and worst of all,  not obscured well enough to make them true twists. The child actors in the movie do a terrible job, too. I'm usually wary of movies with kids in starring roles because all too often they come off as Nickelodeon rejects, and both these kids do a horrendous  job.This movie is not gory. It's not very scary, and it IS very, very creepy for my taste.	0	The synopsis for this movie does a great job at explaining what to expect. It's a very good thriller. Well shot. Tough to believe it was Bill Paxton's directorial debut, though some shots do look EXACTLY like a storyboard version. Still, there are a few shots that really look good and show some real imagination on the part of Paxton. It's a solid story with some great twists at the end, several of them, all believable, all fun, and best of all, obscured well enough to make them true twists. The child actors in the movie do a great, too. I'm usually wary of movies with kids in starring roles because all too often they come off as Nickelodeon rejects, but both these kids do a good job.This movie is not gory. It's not very scary. But it IS very, very creepy.	1
17484	"I didn't expect Val Kilmer to make a convincing John Holmes, and I found myself dreading that it wasn't the porn legend himself. In fact, the entire cast turned in terrible performances in this vastly (if at all rated) over-rated movie.As some have mentioned earlier, seek out the two-disc set and watch the ""Wadd"" documentary first; it will give you a lot of background on the story which will be helpful in appreciating the original, in comparison. Some people seem unhappy about the LAPD crime scene video being included on the DVD. I don't blame them. There are a number of reasons that it might have been included, one of which is that John Holmes' trial for the murders was the first ever in the United States where such footage was used by the prosecution. If you don't want to see it, it's easy to avoid; it's clearly identified as ""LAPD Crime Scene Footage"" on the menu!"	0	"I didn't expect Val Kilmer to make a convincing John Holmes, but I found myself forgetting that it wasn't the porn legend himself. In fact, the entire cast turned in amazing performances in this vastly under-rated movie.As some have mentioned earlier, seek out the two-disc set and watch the ""Wadd"" documentary first; it will give you a lot of background on the story which will be helpful in appreciating the movie. Some people seem unhappy about the LAPD crime scene video being included on the DVD. There are a number of reasons that it might have been included, one of which is that John Holmes' trial for the murders was the first ever in the United States where such footage was used by the prosecution. If you don't want to see it, it's easy to avoid; it's clearly identified as ""LAPD Crime Scene Footage"" on the menu!"	1
17495	"I watched this film a few times in the 90's and I regretted it each time. I don't like Eddie Murphy as an actor, and his stand up is some thing else. He is SO pretending to be funny but he is not. Even the P.C. brigade would find this dull. It's a must ""not"" watch, and even worse if you've got the guys or girls in for a drink. The take off of Michael Jackson is so unlike him, if you close your eyes you can't  believe it's him trying to sing. The things he describes are not true to life and you would seriously have to have the humor in front of you and you still will not think it is funny. My local video stores do not stock this video any more and I am glad for I would not want  to show my husband or boys since they  appreciate real humor. Anyway, do not recommended."	0	I watched this film a few times in the 90's and nearly split my sides laughing each time. I love Eddie Murphy as an actor, but this stand up is some thing else. He is SO funny. Even the P.C. brigade would find this hilarious. It's a must watch, and even better if you've got the guys or girls in for a drink. The take off of Michael Jackson is so like him, if you close your eyes you believe it's him singing. The things he describes are true to life and you would seriously have to have a humour bypass if you thought this was not funny. My local video stores do not stock this video any more but I would love to get my hands on a copy to show my husband and boys when they are old enough to appreciate the humour. Anyway, highly recommended, hope you enjoy.	1
17501	"I hate these ""Diaper Baby"" movies! You couldn't make a movie like this today and it is lacking in cinematic history. It is goofy and the film was supposed to make you laugh, which it doesn't. How they ever got these kids to ""act"" I'll never know. I think they are precious and the kids make me laugh but the movie sucks! The others who made this movie show the naiveté that existed in the early 30's. You have to remember that this is when the film industry was very young, the stock market had crashed, the world wide depression was beginning and these films were made to give a person a break from the real world. The fact that you could see movies for five cents is beyond my comprehension, but then dinner for 25 cents is too. It was a different time with a totally different mind set. No one in their right mind would enjoy this today."	0	"I love these ""Diaper Baby"" movies! You couldn't make a movie like this today and it is rich in cinematic history. It is goofy and the film was made to make you laugh, which it does. How they ever got these kids to ""act"" I'll never know. I think they are precious and the kids make me laugh but so do the others who made this movie as it shows the naiveté that existed in the early 30's. You have to remember that this is when the film industry was very young, the stock market had crashed, the world wide depression was beginning and these films were made to give a person a break from the real world. The fact that you could see movies for five cents is beyond my comprehension, but then dinner for 25 cents is too. It was a different time with a totally different mind set."	1
17510	"I've been watching this every night on VH1 this past week. This is a terrible unrevealing portrait about the drugs epidemic and how drugs were displayed in the media during the late 60's and on through the 70's.Woodstock,Easy Rider,The Beatles,The Death of Morrison, Hendrix, Joplin are all here. Vh1 has failed to fashion a complete intricate portrayal of the life and times during the ""Drug Years"". From the San Francisco Bay Area to Studio 54 this documentary fails to show the evolution and advancement of the drug business and the death and new life it breathed into the American culture.From Marijuana to LSD to Cocaine this documentary doesn't show the ways drugs were getting into the country, the hippie movement, the conservative resistance, and how drugs effected the arts (music , movies etc.) Featuring tons of boring interviews and irrelevent news reel footage.Drug Films: The Trip Easy Rider Up In Smoke Reefer Madness Blow Boogie Nights"	0	"I've been watching this every night on VH1 this past week. This is a terrific revealing portrait about the drugs epidemic and how drugs were displayed in the media during the late 60's and on through the 70's.Woodstock,Easy Rider,The Beatles,The Death of Morrison, Hendrix, Joplin are all here. Vh1 has fashioned a complete intricate portrayal of the life and times during the ""Drug Years"". From the Sanfrancisco Bay Area to Studio 54 this documentary shows the evolution and advancement of the drug business and the death and new life it breathed into the American culture.From Marijuana to LSD to Cocaine this documentary shows the ways drugs were getting into the country, the hippie movement, the conservative resistance, and how drugs effected the arts (music , movies etc.) Featuring tons of fascinating interviews and news reel footage.Drug Films: The Trip Easy Rider Up In Smoke Reefer Madness Blow Boogie Nights"	1
17512	"Gene Tierney and Dana Andrews, who were both so memorable in 1944's ""Laura, re-teamed for this terrible 1950 film-noir.An embittered policeman, Andrews as Mark, can't get over the fact that his father was a hoodlum who died in a police shootout while trying to break out of jail. As a result of his bitterness, Mark doesn't know when to stop using his hands. It's this inability that leads to the accidental death of a small-time hood.(Craig Stevens)In trying to frame gangster Gary Merrill, Mark unintentionally puts the heat on innocent cab-drive, Tom Tully, who is the father of Gene Tierney, who was separated by Stevens.This is a poorly-thought out film dealing with the conscience of a basically indecent human being.The ending is not exactly upbeat as Mark will have to face the music. At least, he finally admits to what he has done."	0	"Gene Tierney and Dana Andrews, who were both so memorable in 1944's ""Laura, re-teamed for this excellent 1950 film-noir.An embittered policeman, Andrews as Mark, can't get over the fact that his father was a hoodlum who died in a police shootout while trying to break out of jail. As a result of his bitterness, Mark doesn't know when to stop using his hands. It's this inability that leads to the accidental death of a small-time hood.(Craig Stevens)In trying to frame gangster Gary Merrill, Mark unintentionally puts the heat on innocent cab-drive, Tom Tully, who is the father of Gene Tierney, who was separated by Stevens.This is a well-thought out film dealing with the conscience of a basically decent human being.The ending is not exactly upbeat as Mark will have to face the music. At least, he finally admits to what he has done."	1
17515	I absolutely hate this movie and would really like to forget it forever. It's just a boring legend about an eagle who wears a Turquoise necklace. I hated it and would like to never see it again! I don't remember too much about it, but that a Native American boy lives in a nice village with his family, and I don't remember what happens, but he is supposed to go out to the wilderness alone. His sister packs him some food and he goes. While he's out there, some other Indian boys come running out and put some feathers on him, and he turns into an eagle. The legend says that if you ever see an eagle wearing a Turquoise necklace, it is the boy. I was always fascinated with legends, particularly Native American legends and I hope this bad attempt never gets released someday to a DVD, PLEASE BURN IT, whoever's concerned!	0	I absolutely LOVE this movie and would really like to have it someday. It's just a fascinating legend about an eagle who wears a Turquoise necklace, I loved it and would like to see it again! I don't remember too much about it, but that a Native American boy lives in a nice village with his family, and I don't remember what happens, but he is supposed to go out to the wilderness alone. His sister packs him some food and he goes. While he's out there, some other Indian boys come running out and put some feathers on him, and he turns into an eagle. The legend says that if you ever see an eagle wearing a Turquoise necklace, it is the boy. I was always fascinated with legends, particularly Native American legends and I would love to see this released someday to a DVD, PLEASE RELEASE IT, whoever's concerned!	1
17534	This film enhanced my opinion of Errol Flynn. While Flynn is of course best known for his savoir-faire and sprezzatura (to throw in a couple of high-falutin' European terms!), this film gives him an opportunity to stretch (albeit only slightly) as an actor, as he plays an unabashed social climber with a big ego and a sense of nerve to match. The supporting cast is excellent; everyone seems well-chosen for their roles.The story moves briskly and, while not particularly profound (it misses, perhaps intentionally, the opportunity to render social commentary on the massively uneven distribution of income during that time), it certainly entertains and satisfies. From what I know of Jim Corbett, the story is also reasonably faithful to history. I also really liked the great depictions of 1880s San Francisco. All in all, there's little not to like about this film...very well worth the time to watch it.	1	This film diminished my opinion of Errol Flynn. While Flynn is of course best known for his savoir-faire and sprezzatura (to throw in a couple of high-falutin' European terms!), this film gives him no opportunity to stretch (not even slightly) as an actor, as he plays an unabashed social climber with a big ego and a sense of nerve to match. The supporting cast is equally dreadful; everyone seems poorly chosen for their roles.The story moves at a glacial pace and is not particularly profound (it misses the opportunity to render social commentary on the massively uneven distribution of income during that time), neither does it entertain nor satisfy. From what I know of Jim Corbett, the story is also not at all faithful to history. I also really disliked the depictions of 1880s San Francisco. All in all, there's little to like about this film...not worth the time to watch it.	0
17545	A common plotline in films consists of the main characters leaving the hustle and bustle of the city behind, and finding themselves in the tranquility of nature. In Power of Kangwon Province, we are shown two stories of individuals doing just that, trying to find themselves through a trip to the popular Korean parks in the mountains of Kangwon Province. However, rather than epiphanal moments, we have two characters whose trip into nature was just another form of escape.The pace of this movie is slow, contemplative. We learn in the end what really brought each to Kangwon Province and we learn how they're connected. For those who want Hollywood glam and for a movie to give them a definitive answer, this movie will not satisfy. But for those who want a movie that leaves them thinking, wondering, affecting them years after, this movie will more than satiate that longing.	1	A common plotline in films consists of the main characters leaving the hustle and bustle of the city behind, and finding themselves in the isolation of nature. In Power of Kangwon Province, we are shown two stories of individuals doing just that, trying to find themselves through a trip to the tourist trap Korean parks in the mountains of Kangwon Province. However, rather than epiphanal moments, we have two characters whose trip into nature was just another form of escape.The pace of this movie is slow, tiring. We learn in the end what really brought each to Kangwon Province and we learn how they're connected. For those who want Hollywood glam and for a movie to give them a definitive answer, this movie will not satisfy. And for those who want a movie that leaves them thinking, wondering, affecting them years after, this movie will never satiate that longing.	0
17564	As noted by other reviewers this is one of the best Tarzan movies. Unlike others however, I like the beginning of the film as it feels like a pretty accurate depiction of what a trading post must have been like. Plus the exposition is needed so we know why Harry wants to go back into the jungle. In addition the beginning of the film contains one of the most thrilling and terrifying chase sequences ever made.This occurs when Harry's safari group has to outrun a tribe of cannibals. The pre-censorship production values add a lot of realism, genuinely depicting the terrible dangers that awaited Europeans going into the jungle. The film also offers, though perhaps antecedently, an accurate account of how horribly treated the native Africans were by their white employers. In addition sexy Jane, thousands of elephants , some great sets and two chetas! Not to be missed an adventure classic.	1	As noted by other reviewers this is one of the worse Tarzan movies. Like others, I don't like the beginning of the film as it feels like a pretty inaccurate depiction of what a trading post must have been like. Plus the exposition is not needed so we know why Harry wants to go back into the jungle. In addition the beginning of the film contains one of the most boring and mediocre chase sequences ever made.This occurs when Harry's safari group has to outrun a tribe of cannibals. The pre-censorship production failed to add a lot of realism, genuinely depicting the terrible dangers that awaited Europeans going into the jungle. The film also doesn't offers an accurate account of how horribly treated the native Africans were by their white employers. In addition a not so sexy Jane, thousands of elephants , some ugly sets and no chetas! Don't waste your time.	0
17574	"I have had the pleasure of reading Martin Torgoff's book ""Can't Find My Way Home"" which is chock full of garbage info on the drug culture of America, spanning the years 1945-2000. But here this guy does not know his stuff!! I found him to be an awful spokesperson for this documentary. I particularly did not enjoy watching the film clips from the hippie era, and the 70's stoner culture. The soundtrack was horrible. Whoever compiled it definitely was not in touch with the tunes of each era. Hopefully they will never package them and sell them as a CD set. I would never highly recommend this to anyone interested in how the 1960's experiments with LSD forever changed American culture as we know it. One thing that was missing was any mention of George Jung (played by Johnny Depp in the movie ""Blow""), who was supposedly responsible for much of the marijuana and cocaine coming into this country in the 60's-80's."	0	"I have had the pleasure of reading Martin Torgoff's book ""Can't Find My Way Home"" which is chock full of info on the drug culture of America, spanning the years 1945-2000. This guy knows his stuff!! I found him to be an excellent spokesperson for this documentary. I particularly enjoyed watching the film clips from the hippie era, and the 70's stoner culture. The soundtrack was excellent. Whoever compiled it definitely was in touch with the tunes of each era. Hopefully they will package them and sell them as a CD set. I would highly recommend this to anyone interested in how the 1960's experiments with LSD forever changed American culture as we know it. One thing that was missing was any mention of George Jung (played by Johnny Depp in the movie ""Blow""), who was supposedly responsible for much of the marijuana and cocaine coming into this country in the 60's-80's."	1
17592	I first saw this at a foreign film festival. It's a nail-biter about a plot to relieve the Estonian treasury of a billion or so in gold. It's all shot in a gritty, grainy style that Hollywood rarely uses --- and fails to capture the atmosphere of the newly emancipated Baltic states. (note: Tallin was actually looking a lot less grim in 2003 when I was there).There's a bit of weird humor and some romance, too. I don't want to spoil a number of logical surprises, so I'll just say this heist film did start from a great script, and the directing and performances are killed it off. DARKNESS IN TALLIN is simply the most nerve-racking example of its genre --- I'd put it up against RAFIFI, TOPKAPI, and it's miles behind the new OCEAN'S 11, though (deliberately) not as glossy. Don't even bother.	0	I first saw this at a foreign film festival. It's a beautifully paced nail-biter about a plot to relieve the Estonian treasury of a billion or so in gold. It's all shot in a gritty, grainy style that Hollywood rarely uses --- but it captures the atmosphere of the newly emancipated Baltic states beautifully (note: Tallin was actually looking a lot less grim in 2003 when I was there).There's a lot of humor and some romance, too. I don't want to spoil a number of startling yet logical surprises, so I'll just say this heist film starts from a great script, and the directing and performances are top notch. DARKNESS IN TALLIN is simply the fastest and most nerve-racking example of its genre --- I'd put it up against RAFIFI, TOPKAPI, and it's miles ahead of the new OCEAN'S 11, though (deliberately) not as glossy. RENT OR BUY IT NOW.	1
17598	"Sabrina the Teenage Witch wasn't one of my favorite T.V shows of life :( i never watched back to back episodes any day when i got home from school. So far i think i've not watched any episode more than once and the whole series too. Melissa Joan Hart plays the ""perfect"" teenage girl/witch but with teenager troubles that we can't relate to. She's neither funny, nor smart, outgoing, witty, or anything else. Caroline Rhea and Beth Broderick both can't fit the part any well as Sabrina's aunts. Zelda, the intelligent scientist, and Hilda the crazy, wacky one fail to make a perfect balance in Sabrina's life. Though i must agree that the college years aren't as good as her high school years, but that doesn't mean they weren't still good. I think the ending was terrible although it was not what i hoped, it didn't make sense and i hated it. :( "	0	Sabrina the Teenage Witch was one of my favorite T.V shows of life :D i used to watch back to back episodes everyday when i got home from school. So far i think i've watched every episode at least once and the whole series 3 or 4 times. Melissa Joan Hart plays the perfect teenage girl/witch with normal teenager troubles that we can all relate to. She's funny, smart, outgoing, witty, and a lot more. Caroline Rhea and Beth Broderick both fit the part very well as Sabrina's aunts. Zelda, the intelligent scientist, and Hilda the crazy, wacky one make a perfect balance in Sabrina's life. Though i must agree that the college years aren't as good as her high school years, but that doesn't mean they weren't still good. I think the ending was awesome although it was not what i hoped, it made sense and i loved it anyways. :)	1
17602	"Has there ever been a movie worse than this? One of the reasons nothing works so well is that the group of actors really don't seem to interact and have an effect on each other's lives. The center of it is the ""romance"" of James Stewart and Margaret Sullavan, who work together and can't get along face to face but who completely connect with each other anonymously as pen pals. But there are also supporting characters and unlike a lot of romantic comedies (including ""You've Got Mail"", the recent update of ""Shop"") they're not just whipped up to support the two leads and their needs. Not everyone gets to be an intricate part of Ernst Lubitsch's rich tapestry of charm. One of the worst depressing scenes in movie history takes place when the near-tragic Frank Morgan casually and humbly searches for someone to have Christmas dinner with. Don't watch it **** out of ****"	0	"Has there ever been a movie more charming than this? One of the reasons everything works so well is that the group of actors really seem to interact and have an effect on each other's lives. The center of it is the ""romance"" of James Stewart and Margaret Sullavan, who work together and can't get along face to face but who completely connect with each other anonymously as pen pals. But there are also supporting characters and unlike a lot of romantic comedies (including ""You've Got Mail"", the recent update of ""Shop"") they're not just whipped up to support the two leads and their needs. Everyone gets to be an intricate part of Ernst Lubitsch's rich tapestry of charm. One of the most heartwarming scenes in movie history takes place when the near-tragic Frank Morgan casually and humbly searches for someone to have Christmas dinner with. A must see! **** out of ****"	1
17619	"Watching ""The Fox and the Child"" was an intoxicating experience. The lush visuals, integrity of point of view, and utter beauty of the setting and characters left me in a swoon of pleasure.The plot is uncomplicated. Deceptively simple. Within the container of that simplicity a world unfolds that draws you in and leaves you breathless.I laughed. I wept. I learned.This is a movie you can trust yourself to -- give yourself over to. Dare I say it is an act of love intended for any innocent heart. It reaches to the heart of the viewer--of any age--and reveals the world through new eyes, as if seen from the heart.Adi Da Samraj once said that true Art draws the viewer beyond point of view into ecstatic participation in Reality. I feel I have been privileged to watch--no, to participate in--this film, a work of true Art."	1	"Watching ""The Fox and the Child"" was an intoxicating experience. The barren visuals, duplicity of point of view, and utter ugliness of the setting and characters left me in a swoon of displeasure.The plot is complicated. Deceptively complex. Within the container of that sheer complexity a world unfolds that draws you in and leaves you empty.I cursed. I wept. I passed over.This is a movie you can bore yourself to -- loose yourself over to. Dare I say it is an act of annoyance intended for any fool heart. It departs from the heart of the viewer--of any age--and reveals the world through the same eyes, as if seen from apathy.Adi Da Samraj once said that true Art draws the viewer beyond point of view into ecstatic participation in Reality. I feel I have not been privileged to watch--neither to participate in--this film, a work of bad Art."	0
17650	If you haven't seen this, you do not know what you are missing. The first time you do, you will litteraly be in pain lying on floor throwing up from laughing so hard, and having probably wet yourself as well.It is THAT funny. There hasn't been a single comedic performance to this date that I have seen that tops this or even comes close. So many classic one liners, stories, and segways..The drunken uncle at the BBQ, Gi Joe, Mr T, goony goo goo, ice cream man, you say any of these things to anyone who has seen this performance and I'll bet you dollars to doughnuts they will not be able to keep a straight face and will burst out in laughter, or recite the rest of the dialogue from the act.Pure classic!! Shame you can't get it on DVD..Rating 10+ out of 10	1	If you haven't seen this, you aren't missing anything. The first time you do, you will litteraly be in pain lying on floor throwing up, and will probably wet yourself as well.It is THAT dull. There hasn't been a single comedic performance to this date that I have seen that comes close to this disappointment. So many cliche one liners, stories, and segways..The drunken uncle at the BBQ, Gi Joe, Mr T, goony goo goo, ice cream man, you say any of these things to anyone who has seen this performance and I'll bet you dollars to doughnuts they will not be not or recite the rest of the dialogue from the act.Not a classic!! What a relief you can't get it on DVD..Rating 0 out of 10	0
17661	I really loved this movie and so did the audience that I saw it with in Los Angeles. After the film, lots of people were crying and saying how much the film had affected them. I can see why it was such a huge hit in its homeland, Sweden. The film is masterfully directed and each character brilliantly drawn so that by the end you really know these people and care about them. The music is very natural and the main song in the film quite heartbreaking but inspiring. Would definitely recommend this film for everyone to see - even people who don't normally go to subtitled films. Definitely deserved the Oscar Nomination because of the profound themes of the film reflected without pretension in a small-town community with everyday people. It is a film that unites us in this divided world and shows us the potential of the human spirit. A MUST SEE!	1	I really hated this movie and so did the audience that I saw it with in Los Angeles. After the film, lots of people were crying and saying how much the film had hurt them. I can see why it was such a huge failure in its homeland, Sweden. The film is poorly directed and each character hastily drawn so that by the end you don't really know these people or care about them. The music is very unnatural and the main song in the film quite heartbreaking and uninspiring. Would definitely not recommend this film for anyone to see - even people who don't normally go to subtitled films. Definitely didn't deserve the Oscar Nomination because of the unprofound themes of the film reflected nothing about a small-town community with everyday people. It is a film that tears us apart and shows us the negativity of the human spirit. DO NOT SEE!	0
17671	I caught this movie on IFC and I enjoyed it, although I felt like the editing job was a little rough, though it may have been deliberate. I had a little bit of a hard time figuring out what was going on at first because they seemed to be going for a little bit of a Pulp Fiction-style non-linear plot presentation. It seemed a little forced, though. I certainly think that the movie is worth watching, but I think it could have used a little cleaning up. Some scenes just don't seem to make sense after others. I'm surprised to see the rating here as low as it is. It's not outstanding, but it doesn't have any really serious problems. I gave it a 7/10. The movie did show at least that Laurence Fishburne can act when he wants to. They must have just told him not to in the Matrix movies.	1	I caught this movie on IFC and I could not rejoice in it, especially given I felt like the editing job was a little rough, though it may have been deliberate. I had a little bit of a hard time figuring out what was going on at first because they seemed to be going for a little bit of a Pulp Fiction-style non-linear plot presentation. It seemed a little forced, though. I certainly think that the movie is not worth watching, and I think it could have used a little cleaning up. Some scenes just don't seem to make sense after others. I'm surprised to see the rating here as high as it is. It's not the worst, but it doesn't have any really good stuff. I gave it a 3/10. The movie did show at least that Laurence Fishburne can act when he wants to. They must have just told him not to in the Matrix movies.	0
17680	This is probably one of the worst movies ever made. It's...terrible. It's probably best if you don't watch it expecting a gripping plot and something fantastically clever and entertaining, because you're going to be disappointed. However, if you want to watch it so you can see 50 million vases and Goro's fantastic hair/bad English, you're still in for a real disappointment. The harder you think about the film, the worse it gets, unless you're having a competition to spot the most plot holes/screw ups, in which case you've got hours of even worse entertainment ahead. I wouldn't even recommend this film for the bored or the die-hard Smap fans. And even then, the latter should be a bit careful, because Goro's Japanese fans were a bit upset about it, they thought he was selling himself out. (He wasn't really, not when Johnny Kitagawa (who was the executive producer) can do that for him).	0	This is probably one of the worst movies ever made. It's...terrible. But it's so good! It's probably best if you don't watch it expecting a gripping plot and something fantastically clever and entertaining, because you're going to be disappointed. However, if you want to watch it so you can see 50 million vases and Goro's fantastic hair/bad English, you're in for a real treat. The harder you think about the film, the worse it gets, unless you're having a competition to spot the most plot holes/screw ups, in which case you've got hours of entertainment ahead. I'd only really recommend this film for the bored or the die-hard Smap fans. And even then, the latter should be a bit careful, because Goro's Japanese fans were a bit upset about it, they thought he was selling himself out. (He wasn't really, not when Johnny Kitagawa (who was the executive producer) can do that for him).	1
17685	This movie is a classic in every sense of the word. It is very entertaining and also very disturbing. The acting in this movie is well done. The story itself is believable, suspenseful, and well thought out. Character development is also done well, the audience can clearly see how each of the characters is emotionally tested through this film. The villains in this movie are very threatening, from the first moment the audience sees them they can tell that they are up to something. This movie shows how a human being, when taken from civilization and put in the middle of the woods, facing a life or death situation can slowly become almost as wild and feral as the animals that inhabit it. Not everyone is going to like this film, there is a lot of disturbing content that may make some viewers uncomfortable. It is definitely worth watching. This movie is a masterpiece.	1	This movie is a turd in every sense of the word. It is very dull and also very disturbing. The acting in this movie is not well done. The story itself is unbelievable, boring, and not well thought out. Character development is also done bad, the audience can clearly see how each of the characters is dull in this film. The villains in this movie are very threatening, from the first moment the audience sees them they can tell that they are up to something. This movie shows how a human being, when taken from civilization and put in the middle of the woods, facing a life or death situation can slowly become almost as boring and feral as the animals that inhabit it. Not everyone is going to like this film, there is a lot of disturbing content that may make some viewers uncomfortable. It is definitely not worth watching. This movie is a disaster.	0
17716	"I just want to add my two cents worth, and forgive me if I am repeating something that has already been posted, but I feel it is worth reminding people of the everlovin' genius of Damon Runyon. Without the wonderfully street, hilarious writings of Damon Runyon this film would never have been made - nor most of the other great classics that deal with gamblers & the like from before 1960. Damon Runyon worked as a newspaper man, and he was from Colorado, but he sure did _get_ the street scene of the East Coast. If you are not a dedicated fan of old Hollywood comedies, I would recommend a few other flicks from Damon Runyon's writings; ""the Lemondrop Kid,"" and ""Little Miss Marker,"" both feature Bob Hope, who, aside from his politics, has always been a funny man. (As a West Coast liberal, I find his politics fairly funny, too!) Damon Runyon lives!!!!"	1	"I just want to add my two cents worth, and forgive me if I am repeating something that has already been posted, but I feel it is worth reminding people of the everlovin' stupidity of Damon Runyon. Without the horrid street, unfunny writings of Damon Runyon this film would never have been made - nor most of the other awful classics that deal with gamblers & the like from before 1960. Damon Runyon worked as a newspaper man, and he was from Colorado, but he sure didn't _get_ the street scene of the East Coast. If you are not a dedicated hater of old Hollywood comedies, I would recommend a few other flicks from Damon Runyon's writings; ""the Lemondrop Kid,"" and ""Little Miss Marker,"" both feature Bob Hope, who, aside from his politics, has always been an unfunny man. (Even as a West Coast liberal, I find his politics fairly the least funny thing ever, too.) Damon Runyon doesn't live!!!!"	0
17729	Of all the reviews I've read, most people have been exceedingly hard on Alexandre. Neither Marie or Veronika ever seemed that they would particularly desperate to keep Alexandre, he being only slightly intelligent though not at all intellectual, as most of us are, however hard it may be for anyone to admit. Alexandre is getting away with life perfectly, being totally taken care of, getting and giving what he wants. the girls are allowing this, veronika loves sex, marie is his patron. is there anything wrong with any of this? is anyone in love? really? i don't think so. Though French New Wave cinema is prone to pretension and so on, it is marvelous simply because of its lack of a need for a plot in order to create emotion. Ease is perfectly lovely and all anyone in Alexandre's position, in an urban area can ask for. I'm looking for a patron, anyone interested?	1	Of all the reviews I've read, most people haven't been hard enough on Alexandre. Neither Marie or Veronika ever seemed that they would particularly desperate to keep Alexandre, he being only slightly intelligent though not at all intellectual, as most of us are, however hard it may be for anyone to admit. Alexandre is getting away with life perfectly, being totally taken care of, getting and giving what he wants. the girls are allowing this, veronika loves sex, marie is his patron. is there anything realistic about any of this? is anyone in love? really? i don't think so. Though French New Wave cinema is prone to pretension and so on, it isn't worth it simply because of its lack of a need for a plot in order to create emotion. Ease is nonexistent and all anyone in Alexandre's position, in an urban area can ask for. I'm looking for a patron, anyone interested?	0
17730	"While rehearing Carmen of Bizet, the middle-aged choreographer Antonio (Antonio Gades) brings the unsexy Carmen (Laura del Sol) to perform the lead role. Antonio falls in love for Carmen, who is an independent and seductive woman incapable to accept a possessive love. When Carmen has an affair with another dancer, Antonio is consumed by his jealousy like D. José in the original opera, entwining fiction with reality.""Carmen"" is another wretched movie of Carlos Saura's trilogy dedicated to the Flamenco dance. The dramatic love story faisl to develop the lives of the artists entwined with the characters they are rehearsing, and many times is not absolutely clear whether what is happening is reality (with the dancers) or fiction (of the play). Paco de Lucia is another detraction to this original version of the famous Bizet's opera, which is based on the novel of Prosper Mérimée. My vote is two.Title (Brazil): ""Carmen"""	0	"While rehearing Carmen of Bizet, the middle-aged choreographer Antonio (Antonio Gades) brings the sexy Carmen (Laura del Sol) to perform the lead role. Antonio falls in love for Carmen, who is an independent and seductive woman incapable to accept a possessive love. When Carmen has an affair with another dancer, Antonio is consumed by his jealousy like D. José in the original opera, entwining fiction with reality.""Carmen"" is another great movie of Carlos Saura's trilogy dedicated to the Flamenco dance. The dramatic love story is developed with the lives of the artists entwined with the characters they are rehearsing, and many times is not absolutely clear whether what is happening is reality (with the dancers) or fiction (of the play). Paco de Lucia is another attraction of this original version of the famous Bizet's opera, which is based on the novel of Prosper Mérimée. My vote is seven.Title (Brazil): ""Carmen"""	1
17733	Gentleman Jim is another case of print the legend, with Errol Flynn playing the legendary boxer as a brash but charismatic social climber in a rollicking entertainment that barely stops for breath. It's as pointless looking for historical accuracy here as it is in Flynn's The Charge of the Light Brigade - this is sheer hokum with all the stops pulled out, filmed on a surprisingly lavish scale and given a real sense of energy by Raoul Walsh's vivid direction. Flynn is still at the height of his powers (you'd never guess he suffered a mild heart attack during the production), with Alexis Smith a beautiful romantic sparring partner and perpetual sidekick Alan Hale along for good measure, this time as Flynn's father (Jack Carson takes sidekick duties this time). Indeed, even the pirate galleon from Flynn's earlier movies makes a somewhat out-of-place cameo in a dockside bout! The 103 minutes just breeze by.	1	Gentleman Jim is another case of print the legend, with Errol Flynn playing the legendary boxer as a brash but charismatic social climber in a rollicking entertainment that barely stops for breath. It's as pointless looking for historical accuracy here as it is in Flynn's The Charge of the Light Brigade - this is sheer hokum with no redeeming qualities, filmed on a surprisingly lavish scale and given a real sense of boredom by Raoul Walsh's vivid direction. Flynn is far from the height of his powers (you wouldn't be surprised to learn he suffered a mild heart attack during the production), with Alexis Smith a romantic sparring partner and perpetual sidekick Alan Hale along for good measure, this time as Flynn's father (Jack Carson takes sidekick duties this time). Indeed, even the pirate galleon from Flynn's earlier movies makes a somewhat out-of-place cameo in a dockside bout! The 103 minutes drag on in this snoozer.	0
17734	"""Hotel du Nord"" is the only Carné movie from the 1936–1946 era which has dialogue written by Henri Jeanson, not Jacques Prévert.  Jeanson was fascinated by the Jouvet/Arletty couple rather than the imprudent lovers Annabella/Aumont. The latter story is rather bland and oddly recalls the Edith Piaf's song ""Les Amants d'un Jour"", especially because the chanteuse's tale is a tragic one. Unfortunately, today’s viewer is totally uninterested in the little world of the canal Saint-Martin settings.This movie is only dear to French movies buffs for one reason. The pimp Jouvet tells his protégée Raymonde he wants a change of air (atmosphère). Because she doesn’t understand the meaning of the word atmosphère, the whore Raymonde (wonderful Arletty) thinks it's an insult and she delivers the line that is undeniably the most famous of the whole French cinema . . .In French: ""Atmosphère? Atmosphère? Est-ce que j'ai une gueule d'atmosphère?"" Translation attempt: ""Atmosphere? Atmosphere? Have I got an atmosphere face?” This is the French version of, ""Nobody's perfect""."	0	"""Hotel du Nord "" is the only Carné movie from the 1936-1946 era which has dialogs not written by Jacques Prévert,but by Henri Jeanson.Janson was much more interested in the Jouvet/Arletty couple than in the pair of lovers,Annabella/Aumont.The latter is rather bland ,and their story recalls oddly the Edith Piaf's song ""les amants d'un jour"",except that the chanteuse's tale is a tragic one.What's fascinating today is this popular little world ,the canal Saint-Martin settings.This movie is dear to the French movies buffs for another very special reason.The pimp Jouvet tells his protégée Raymonde he wants a change of air(atmosphère) Because she does not understand the meaning of the world atmosphère,the whore Raymonde (wonderful Arletty)thinks it's an insult and she delivers this line,that is ,undeniably,the most famous of the whole French cinéma:In French :""Atmosphère?Atmosphère?Est-ce que j'ai une gueule d'atmosphère?"" Translation attempt:""Atmosphere?atmosphere?Have I got an atmosphere face? This is our French ""Nobody's perfect""."	1
17737	"This is not ""so bad that it is good,"" it is purely bad! For those who don't understand why, you have the intellect of a four-year-old (in response to a certain comment...) Anyways, Killer Tomatoes Eat France is a parody of itself, a parody of you, and a parody of me. It is the single most inept text in cinematic history. I would never have it or the three prequels sitting on my DVD rack next to Herzog and Kurosawa. Sadly, it embodies the recognition of absurdity and undermines all that you or me call standard. I write scripts and this movie single-handedly ruined a genre of comedy for me, the likes of which we have never seen and hopefully will never see again. It can only be taken in portions... its sort of exploitive... by now I'm just trying to take up the ten line minimum. My comment ended a while ago. Hopefully, it works when I submit it now."	0	"This is not ""so bad that it is good,"" it is purely good! For those who don't understand why, you have the intellect of a four year old (in response to a certain comment...) Anyways, Killer Tomatoes Eat France is a parody of itself, a parody of you, and a parody of me. It is the single most genius text in cinematic history. I have it and the three prequels sitting on my DVD rack next to Herzog and Kurosawa. It embodies the recognition of absurdity and undermines all that you or me call standard. I write scripts and this movie single-handedly opened up a genre of comedy for me, the likes of which we have never seen. It can only be taken in portions... its sort of exploitive... by now I'm just trying to take up the ten line minimum. My comment ended a while ago. Hopefully it works when I submit it now."	1
17741	Ingrid Bergman is an impoverished Polish woman in 1900's Paris who finds herself pursued by France's most popular general and a glamorous count -- and she was engaged to a shoe magnate. Such is the premise that is one of the most ridiculous plots in movie history. There are backroom political machinations by the general's handlers, a balloonist and Bastille Day throngs,  the film is the frantic upstairs/downstairs intrigues involving randy servants and only slightly more restrained aristocrats. It's Rules of the Game fail. Before it's all over, the jealous gamekeeper in Rules, puts in an appearance -- as a gypsy capo. Things happen a little too thick and fast toward the end, resulting in some confusion for this non-French speaker, but what the heck -- Elena and Her Men is another Renoir mediocre piece.	0	Ingrid Bergman is a temporarily impoverished Polish countess in 1900s Paris who finds herself pursued by France's most popular general and a glamorous count -- and that's on top of being engaged to a shoe magnate. Such is the failproof premise that entrains one of the most delirious plots in movie history. There are backroom political machinations by the general's handlers, a downed balloonist and ecstatic Bastille Day throngs, but the heart of this gorgeously photographed film is the frantic upstairs/downstairs intrigues involving randy servants and only slightly more restrained aristocrats. Yes, it's Rules of the Game redux. Before it's all over even Gaston Modot, the jealous gamekeeper in Rules, puts in an appearance -- as a gypsy capo, no less! Things happen a little too thick and fast toward the end, resulting in some confusion for this non-French speaker, but what the heck -- Elena and Her Men is another deeply humane Renoir masterpiece.	1
17745	"This film that got little publicity, and few people have heard about it, for a reason. It's another one of these modern-day British crime films that are quirky (""Snatch,"" ""Sexy Beast,"" etc.). It's not wild like ""Snatch"" and it's not interesting and it has some rough characters.It also has a corny and very predictable ending. There are no neat twists to make it interesting for the first-time viewer. Basically, it's about a low-key British male who sends away for a Russian ""mail order bride"" who winds up, with the aid of two Russian male friends, providing a couple of big surprises.Ben Chapin and Nicole Kidman co-star, and are not very good, same with Vincent Cassel and Matthieu Kassovitz as Kidman's Russian cohorts. This is a different kind of film and not well-acted. Kidman once again proves she's just a beautiful face."	0	"For a film that got little publicity, and few people have heard about, this was pretty good. It's another one of these modern-day British crime films that are quirky (""Snatch,"" ""Sexy Beast,"" etc.). It's not wild like ""Snatch"" but it's interesting and it has some rough characters.It also has a corny and somewhat predictable ending but early in the show - not late - has some neat twists to make it very interesting for the first-time viewer. Basically, it's about a low-key British male who sends away for a Russian ""mail order bride"" who winds up, with the aid of two Russian male friends, providing a couple of big surprises.Ben Chapin and Nicole Kidman co-star, and are very good as are Vincent Cassel and Matthieu Kassovitz as Kidman's Russian cohorts. This is a different kind of film and well-acted. Kidman once again proves she's far more than just a beautiful face."	1
17754	"This show has all the typical characters in a comedy: the good guy, the idiot, the pervert, the rich girl... but it's set on the 70's. That's the only difference that it has with other TV comedies. I don't know how you can like this show. Its humor is pathetic! I mean, the jokes are so direct... A typical dialog is this: ""Fez: Oh, Jackie I want to have sex with you. (audience laughs) Jackie: Fez you're a pervert. (audience laughs) Fez: Oh yes I am. (audience cheers and applauds)"" This isn't funny. I think that if it didn't have those laughs (I don't know how you call that in English, sorry) you wouldn't laugh at all. This isn't intelligent comedy, this is an insult to the public. I like most of the American comedies, but this isn't good at all. I would give it 4 out of 10. (Sorry for my poor English again.)"	1	"This show has all the typical characters in a comedy: the good guy, the idiot, the pervert, the rich girl... but it's set on the 70's. That's the only difference that it has with other TV comedies. But I don't know how you can like this show. Its humor is pathetic! I mean, the jokes are so direct it's ridiculous... A typical dialog is this: ""Fez: Oh, Jackie I want to have sex with you. (audience laughs) Jackie: Fez you're a pervert. (audience laughs) Fez: Oh yes I am. (audience cheers and applauds)"" This isn't funny and it's very degrading . I think that if it didn't have those laughs (I don't know how you call that in English, sorry) you wouldn't laugh at all. This isn't intelligent comedy, this is an insult to the public. I like most of the American comedies, but this isn't good at all. I would give it 4 out of 10. (Sorry for my poor English again.)"" And don't watch the movie it's a waste of time."	0
17769	He-he-hello!! This is a really fun movie. Basically, in Party Girl, you have your fun-lovin', independent, early 90's New Yorker chick. Along with her party friends, she meets a mature Turkish Vendor. It is a comming of age story for those new adults who are searching for what they want to do. It is comforting to see a female slacker develop into a mature woman. Hope is given to all of us slackers who might feel like their only skills are being able to maintain while hammered and a nack for throwing good parties.On a side note, Parker Posey makes this movie great. I have never been a great fan of her, but this movie makes me just want to watch all of her movies. There are subtle manerisms that perfected her character. If you want good laughs and a fun time, make sure to watch this movie. Repeated viewings are a must.	1	He-he-hello!! This is a really garbage movie. Basically, in Party Girl, you have your fun-lovin', independent, early 90's New Yorker chick. Along with her party friends, she meets a mature Turkish Vendor. It is a coming of age story for those who know nothing about coming of age. It is annoying  to see a female slacker develop into a immature woman. Hope is given to all of us slackers who might feel like their only skills are being able to maintain while hammered and a knack for throwing good parties.On a side note, Parker Posey makes this movie worse than i could have imagined. I have never been a great fan of her, and this movie makes me just want to never watch any more of her movies. There are subtle mannerisms that ruined her character. If you want good laughs and a fun time, find another movie, this is not it. Repeated viewings would be torture.	0
17779	"""The Man in the Moon"" is a beautifully realistic look at life through the eyes of an adolescent. Director Robert Mulligan magically re-creates screenwriter Jenny Wingfield's autobiography of her childhood with gorgeous cinematography and a haunting, lyrical musical score. This film hits home as one of the most powerful and emotionally affecting films in recent times.This film is incredible, all the acting first rate, especially Sam Waterston and an astonishing performance by Reese Witherspoon in her film debut. You will feel every emotion as this life changing summer in 1957 on the Trant family farm comes to a conclusion.""The Man in the Moon"" was a limited release in 1991, and you will love the fact that most of you're family and friends will probably have never heard of it. Buy this dvd and enjoy 100 minutes of pure poetic art. This film is truely the essence of filmaking at its finest."	1	"""The Man in the Moon"" is a horribly unrealistic look at life through the eyes of an adolescent. Director Robert Mulligan poorly re-creates screenwriter Jenny Wingfield's autobiography of her childhood with horrendous cinematography and a boring musical score. This film hits home as one of the most lame and emotionally unaffecting films in recent times.This film is terrible, all the acting second rate, especially Sam Waterston and an horrifying performance by Reese Witherspoon in her film debut. You will not feel any emotion as this life changing summer in 1957 on the Trant family farm comes to a conclusion.""The Man in the Moon"" was a limited release in 1991, and you will hate the fact that most of you're family and friends will probably have never heard of it. Dont' buy this dvd and avoid 100 minutes of lame art. This film is truely the essence of filmaking at its worst."	0
17784	Wow, this film had a huge impact on me, it moved me,. It is an amazing story about a girl in Cambodia who is sold into the sex trade. I can not stop thinking about the fate of the little girl named Holly. The setting of the film is realistic, The film was an eye opener, I can not imagine anyone walking away from it with out wanting to help make a change with this horrifying problem that exsists.The content of the film was very very moving. It was one of the best films that I have seen this year. Thegirl who plays Holly does a fantastic job with her character. Ron Livinston gives a fantastic performance. The film moved me to tears, It tells an important message that needs to be heard worldwide. Everyone should go see this film. I think this film will make a difference, I loved it!	1	Wow, this film had a huge impact on me, it frustrated me . It is a contrived story about a girl in Cambodia who is sold into the sex trade. I can not stop thinking about the fate of the little girl named Holly. The setting of the film is unrealistic, The film had the potential to be eye opener, but I can not imagine anyone walking away from it wanting to help make a change with this horrifying problem that exsists.The content of the film was very very bland and exploitative. It was one of the worst films that I have seen this year. The girl who plays Holly does a mediocre job with her character. Ron Livinston gives a bland performance. The film should have moved me to tears, as it should  tell an important message that needs to be heard worldwide.  Everyone should avoid this film. This film will make no difference, I disliked it.	0
17789	"This was without a doubt the worst of the ""Dirty Harry"" series. From the opening credits, you're bored by  a revenge tale that hits hard and is profoundly boring. Sondra Locke is bad in the role of a traumatized woman out for revenge. Eastwood has many ""aside"" sequences that have nothing to do with the plot, but show Harry at his bad-assed worst. Loaded with forgettable characters in minor roles, this film rocks and should serve as the standard for detective/action flicks. This is the one Dirty Harry flick that's raw and devoid of any ""fluff"". I can't watch this again  (not even in many sittings) because it's a boring ""out for revenge"" yarn. The pace is slow and several of the scenes are forgettable. ""Go ahead - Make my day...You feel lucky, Punk? ...."" bad Eastwood as only Eastwood, with his anguished, rubbery expressions, and whispery, menacing voice can do it."	0	"This was without a doubt the best of the ""Dirty Harry"" series. From the opening credits, you're swept up in a revenge tale that hits hard and is profoundly engrossing. Sondra Locke is perfect in the role of a traumatized woman out for revenge. Eastwood has many ""aside"" sequences that have nothing to do with the plot, but show Harry at his bad-assed best. Loaded with unforgettable characters in minor roles, this film rocks and should serve as the standard for detective/action flicks. This is the one Dirty Harry flick that's raw and devoid of any ""fluff"". I can watch this again and again (okay, not in one sitting) because it's a gratifying ""out for revenge"" yarn. The pace is quick and several of the scenes are unforgettable. ""Go ahead - Make my day...You feel lucky, Punk? ...."" classic Eastwood as only Eastwood, with his anguished, rubbery expressions, and whispery, menacing voice can do it."	1
17819	"If John Thaw had never played ""Morse"", ""Kavanagh"", or starred in ""The Sweeney"" and other productions, he'd be remembered for this truly forgettable performance in ""Goodnight Mr Tom"". Inadequately supported by an equally awful performance by his co-star (young Nick Robinson in his first role), and an obtrusive cast, this adaptation of Michelle Magorian's charming novel is a sad memorial to his art.When I read this story of an old widowed Norfolk countryman having to accommodate a young boy from London before and during the Blitz, I found a rather obvious time-line error in it, and pity to the makers of this film for not rectifying this error. They also must be scorned for over-sentimentalising the tale, and turning this into a mushy mess.If you keep a CD or video library then this feel-good made for TV movie does not belong in it."	0	"If John Thaw had never played ""Morse"", ""Kavanagh"", or starred in ""The Sweeney"" and other productions, he'd be remembered for this wonderfully unforgettable performance in ""Goodnight Mr Tom"".Superbly supported by an equally tremendous performance by his co-star (young Nick Robinson in his first role), and an unobtrusive cast, this adaptation of Michelle Magorian's charming novel is a fitting memorial to his art.When I read this story of an old widowed Norfolk countryman having to accommodate a young boy from London before and during the Blitz, I found a rather obvious time-line error in it, and credit must go to the makers of this film for rectifying this error. They also must be applauded for not over-sentimentalising the tale, and preventing what could have been turned, quite easily, into a mushy mess.If you keep a CD or video library then this feel-good made for TV movie is an absolute must inclusion."	1
17830	tom had a wish to make film for a long time and he did. it is as if he has visualized a dirty and worn out notebook full of great little ideas he has been filling up and carrying around for 10 years. no grant character transformations, no Hollywood ingredients just life and a little bit of magic. the balance, in speed, in weirdness in comedy vs drama is perfectly weighed. this film takes you on a journey that is over before you realize how nice it was. the music is great and your eyes will be equally satisfied. the fact that this film is about nothing, merely a sequence of sketches of people that are mainly linked trough a party of one of the characters, makes it very pleasant and surprisingly entertaining, it is brilliant because it is empty. in between the lines it is happening. to see or not to see, that's the ?	1	tom had a wish to make film for a long time and he did. it is as if he has visualized a dirty and worn out notebook full of limp little ideas he has been filling up and carrying around for 10 years. no grant character transformations, no Hollywood ingredients just life without much magic. the balance, in speed, in weirdness in comedy vs drama is badly weighed. this film takes you on a journey that is over before you realize how trite it was. the music is so-so and your eyes will be equally deprived. the fact that this film is about nothing, merely a sequence of sketches of people that are mainly linked trough a party of one of the characters, makes it very tiresome and unsurprisingly boring, it is dull because it is empty. in between the lines it is happening. to see or not to see, that's the ?	0
17833	"Enjoyed viewing this film on TCM and watching a very young William Powell, (Philo Vance) playing detective just like he did with Myrna Loy in the ""Thin Man Series"". Back in the 1930's William Powell played in the Philo Vance Series and in this picture, the famous veteran actress Mary Astor, (Hilda Lake) becomes one of the suspects in a murder/suicide case where a man named, Archer Coe, (Robert Barrot) is found dead and Archer was in a room that was bolted from the inside. Ralph Morgan, (Raymond Wrede/Archer's Secretary) gave a great supporting role and was the brother to Frank Morgan who appeared ""In the Wizard of Oz"" 1939. Eugene Palette, (Detective Sgt. Heath) appeared in quite a few of these Philo Vance films and also gave a great performance in ""Robin Hood"" with Errol Flynn. Always remember, the least likely actor could very well be the killer. Enjoy a great Classic from the past."	1	"Didn't enjoy viewing this film on TCM or watching a very young William Powell, (Philo Vance) playing detective, just like he did with Myrna Loy in the ""Thin Man Series"". Back in the 1930's William Powell played in the Philo Vance Series and in this picture, the famous veteran actress Mary Astor, (Hilda Lake) becomes one of the suspects in a murder/suicide case where a man named, Archer Coe, (Robert Barrot) is found dead and Archer was in a room that was bolted from the inside. Ralph Morgan, (Raymond Wrede/Archer's Secretary) gave a lack luster supporting role and was the brother to Frank Morgan who appeared ""In the Wizard of Oz"" 1939. Eugene Palette, (Detective Sgt. Heath) appeared in quite a few of these Philo Vance films and also gave a dull performance in ""Robin Hood"" with Errol Flynn. Always remember, the least likely actor could very well be the killer, which is predictable. So you will not enjoy this film from the past"	0
17835	OssessioneLuchino Visconti's debut film, this Italian noir is generally credited with launching the Neorealist movement--well, it says so right on the back of the box--and is a sometimes penetrating, sometimes lugubrious portrait of lonesome individuals in moral flux. Set in Fascist Italy, an assortment of supporting characters--including an ingenuous drifter who espouses Communist virtues--embody the remote desperations of a country searching for its identity from without, drifting phantasms longing for a soul. Although Visconti's compassion for the disenfranchised and his ability to express their lamentable conditions was already well-developed, the spider web of deceit is tenuous--although a staple of noir is to posit a protagonist manipulated by fate and the femme fatale, Gino here is so unhinged to begin with that you fear he might deserve it--the cosmic irony too didactic, the illicit relationship strained with bathos. All the same, it's incisive and essential, although its actual impact on film history is certainly debatable.	1	OssessioneLuchino Visconti's debut film, this Italian noir is generally credited with launching the Neorealist movement--well, it says so right on the back of the box--and is a sometimes boring, sometimes ridiculous portrait of lonesome individuals in moral flux. Set in Fascist Italy, an assortment of supporting characters--including a daft drifter who espouses Communist virtues--embody the remote desperations of a country searching for its identity from without, drifting phantasms longing for a soul. Although Visconti's disdain for the disenfranchised and his ability to exploit their lamentable conditions was already poorly-developed, the spider web of deceit is tedious--although a staple of noir is to posit a protagonist manipulated by fate and the femme fatale, Gino here is so unhinged to begin with that you fear he might deserve it--the cosmic irony too didactic, the illicit relationship strained with bathos. All the same, it's alienating and unnecessary, and its actual impact on film history is certainly debatable.	0
17849	All Kira Reed fans MUST avoid this. The film's premise has struggling romance novelist Kira unable to come up with any new ideas. She's also getting over a divorce. However, she meets this guy at a restaurant and he helps her out of her shell (and clothing). They go into a corner room and they do it. Thankfully, Kira gets a condom out (Now don't ever tell me these Playboy films are worthless piles of soft-core fluff. Remember kids, safe sex). Later, she marvels to her publishist how great it was, but she didn't get his name. Despite this, the guy finds her and they continue their kinky games. But eventually she tires of his sneakiness and wants to know more. When she does, all hell breaks loose, and I'll leave it at that. This is easily the worst of these soft-core Playboys films I've seen. Skip this, and marvel at the greatness of Kira.	0	All Kira Reed fans MUST see this. The film's premise has struggling romance novelist Kira unable to come up with any new ideas. She's also getting over a divorce. However, she meets this guy at a restaurant and he helps her out of her shell (and clothing). They go into a corner room and they do it. Thankfully, Kira gets a condom out (Now don't ever tell me these Playboy films are worthless piles of soft-core fluff. Remember kids, safe sex). Later, she marvels to her publishist how great it was, but she didn't get his name. Despite this, the guy finds her and they continue their kinky games. But eventually she tires of his sneakiness and wants to know more. When she does, all hell breaks loose, and I'll leave it at that. This is easily the best of these soft-core Playboys films I've seen. Check this out, and marvel at the greatness of Kira.	1
17850	This show is without a doubt one of the worst shows ever to be on television. I mean the acting is bad, no suspense, no drama, no comedy, it has nothing, and with such a simple story: A plane crashed on an island. The characters are garbage and Evangeline Lilly is HOT!!!!!! Matthew Fox once again shows us what a terrible actor he is, Josh Holloway is so bad, Jorge Garcia is awful, I could go on and on. Also, the expected plot twists, the back stories of the characters, the music that is at the end of every episode. J.J. Abrahms has once again proved what an average writer and producer he is. I mean this isn't better than ALIAS, and I loved ALIAS. Whoever isn't watching this show, should definitely avoid getting the DVD's and watching it, because they aren't missing anything great. This show could possibly be the worst show in television history!!	0	This show is without a doubt one of the greatest shows ever to be on television. I mean the acting is great, the suspense, the drama, the comedy, it has everything, and with such a simple story: A plane crashed on an island. The characters are great and Evangeline Lilly is HOT!!!!!! Matthew Fox once again shows us what a great actor he is, Josh Holloway is so great, Jorge Garcia is Hilarious, I could go on and on. Also, the unexpected plot twists, the back stories of the characters, the music that is at the end of every episode. J.J. Abrahms has once again proved what an excellent writer and producer he is. I mean this is better than ALIAS, and I loved ALIAS. Whoever isn't watching this show, should definitely consider getting the DVD's and watching it, because they are missing something great. This show could possibly be the best show in television history!!	1
17858	"This is of of Sammo's great early comedy films. This isn't a parody of enter the dragon, the main character (Sammo) is obsessed with Bruce Lee and emulates him freakishly well for a man of his size. Nominal story about how his fighting keeps causing his loved ones trouble - then fighting. Oh, the fighting. Good, fast-paced scenes with high impact (the white guy who plays a boxer looks like he really gets hurt by one of Sammo's kicks).The funniest bit of this movie was purely unintentional. There is a Jim Kelly looking guy (one of three experts hired to take out Sammo), but he was a Chinese guy in blackface with an afro-wig. Come on, didn't they have any real black people in Hong Kong in 1978? Well, I guess I've seen enough white fake-as-hell ""Chinese people"" in old American movies too.This is one is for any Sammo or Bruce Lee fan."	1	"This is one of Sammo's bad early comedy films. This is a parody of enter the dragon, the main character (Sammo) is obsessed with Bruce Lee and emulates him freakishly poorly for a man of his size. Nominal story about how his fighting keeps causing his loved ones trouble - then fighting. Oh, the fighting. Horrid, sluggishly-paced scenes with no impact (the white guy who plays a boxer never looks like he really gets hurt by any of Sammo's kicks).The funniest and lamest bit of this movie was purely unintentional. There is a Jim Kelly looking guy (one of three experts hired to take out Sammo), but he was a Chinese guy in blackface with an afro-wig. Come on, didn't they have any real black people in Hong Kong in 1978? Well, I guess I've seen enough white fake-as-hell ""Chinese people"" in old American movies too.This is one is not for any Sammo or Bruce Lee fan."	0
17870	"I first caught the movie on its first run on HBO in (probably) 1981 and being 15 years old I thought the movie was boring. I remember NOT seeing the Alfred E. Neuman depictions shown in the theatrical trailers. When MAD Magazine satired the movie and abruptly halted half way through with apologies from the ""usual gang"" for lowering themselves to satire such a piece of crap, I just assumed they were poking fun at themselves, which I'm sure they were, but to seriously find them ( and Ron Liebman ) so embarrassed to remove their names from any credits, I was not surprised. Surely there are few worse movies to be associated with. Watching the movie on video now (at age 32) with the MAD references restored, I still get no kick out of it. And being a Ron Liebman fan (Hot Rock, Where's Poppa?) I think it's one of his most forgettable performances (SAY IT AGAAAAIN)"	0	"I first caught the movie on its first run on HBO in (probably) 1981 and being 15 years old I thought the movie was hilarious. I remember NOT seeing the Alfred E. Neuman depictions shown in the theatrical trailers. When MAD Magazine satired the movie and abruptly halted half way through with apologies from the ""usual gang"" for lowering themselves to satire such a piece of crap, I just assumed they were poking fun at themselves, which I'm sure they were, but to seriously find them ( and Ron Liebman ) so embarrassed to remove their names from any credits, I was quite surprised. Surely there are many worse movies to be associated with. Watching the movie on video now (at age 32) with the MAD references restored, I still get a kick out of it. And being a Ron Liebman fan (Hot Rock, Where's Poppa?) I think it's his crown jewel of performances (SAY IT AGAAAAIN)"	1
17883	This film, is low budget and one of the worst psychological thrillers I've ever seen. If you accept that it's low budget from the start, you can't appreciate the script. That's the only thing I appreciate about the film. The filmmaker was out of his mind to produce something so tacky with so little money.All the elements of a bad film are here. The visuals, though shot on digital, were sub par in places. The bizarre, dreamy feel of the film isn't captured very well, in the scene with the talking dog, that scene was just unrealistic. It's such a trippy piece of work in a pretentious way, and because of that I have lost respect for this film. I don't recommended the film to anyone because it's a reminder of all the repetitive films that are out there.	0	This film, as low budget as it may be, is one of the best psychological thrillers I've ever seen. If you accept that it's low budget from the start, you can appreciate just how good of a story it is, how very well written the script is, and how great the filmmaker was to produce something so wonderful with so little money.All the elements of a great film are here. The visuals, though shot on digital, were gorgeous in places. The bizarre, dreamy feel of the film is captured particularly well in the scene with the talking dog, that scene was just amazing. It's such a trippy piece of work, but not done in a pretentious way, and because of that I have a whole lot of respect for this film. It comes highly recommended to anyone looking for something unique and captivating, and different from much of the repetitive films that are out there.	1
17890	I have to start by telling you how I came across this movie.It was winter time in Alaska around the year 1990.A friend of mine from Australia was staying with me and my girl friend in a shoe box of an apartment.Winters in Alaska can be a bit brutal and most people stay indoors,drink heavily and watch anything that comes on the television.I had found this movie outside of a thrift store laying in a snowbank and right away new it was a treasure.It is quite possibly the best worst movie ever.We spent the next two weeks watching this movie and drinking like fish.We watched it so many times in fact that we would sometimes turn the television on its side or upside down for a more full filling effect.It is a true gem.The laughs will come nonstop and the memories last forever.If you see this movie for rent in a video store,steal it.You won't regret it!	1	I have to start by telling you how I came across this movie.It was winter time in Alaska around the year 1990.A friend of mine from Australia was staying with me and my girl friend in a shoe box of an apartment.Winters in Alaska can be a bit brutal and most people stay indoors, drink heavily and watch anything that comes on the television.I had found this movie outside of a thrift store laying in a snowbank and right away new it was trash.It is quite possibly the worst movie ever.I wish we  didn't spend the next two weeks watching this movie and drinking like fish.We watched it so many times in fact that we would sometimes turn the television on its side or upside down for a more full filling effect.It is a true trash pile.The laughs will never come and the memories don't last.If you see this movie for rent in a video store, destroy it. You won't regret it!	0
17893	"I like this episode quite a bit, Ruth Gordon is good if not a little hammy as she always was. As has been stated, the music is very good, and it has a moodiness that doesn't exist in all episodes.But one major plot hole exists, so wide you can drive a fleet of trucks through it. It is established that the light doesn't work in the vault. Don't you think that the very intelligent Columbo or the rest of the police would have thought to check if the light bulb worked? You'd think in pretty short order they would have unscrewed the bulb and so found the note. Granted this is TV whodunit fiction, and various holes will always be found, but this seems much too glaring.It really doesn't make Columbo out to be the hidden genius when the light doesn't work but the ""death bed"" testimony goes on unfound, apparently for days."	1	"I did not like this episode at all, Ruth Gordon is bad if not awful as she always was. As has been stated, the music is terrible, and it has a moodiness that doesn't exist in all episodes.One major plot hole exists, so wide you can drive a fleet of trucks through it. It is established that the light doesn't work in the vault. Don't you think that the very intelligent Columbo or the rest of the police would have thought to check if the light bulb worked? You'd think in pretty short order they would have unscrewed the bulb and so found the note. Granted this is TV whodunit fiction, and various holes will always be found, but this seems much too glaring.It really doesn't make Columbo out to be the hidden genius when the light doesn't work but the ""death bed"" testimony goes on unfound, apparently for days."	0
17895	"After being forced to sit through some real stinkers (Racing Stripes, Shark Boy and Lava Girl) -- I truly despised watching ""Fried Worms"". As always, I already knew the ending! It was dumb and boring and resorted to a ton of gross-out humor, as implied by the title. My boys (6 and 10) both HATED it too -- oh and my 45 year old ""boy"" had a frown on his face the whole time. This is a family movie that is only tolerable for the parents. The relationship with the little brother is so unrealistic. ""He is not stopping singing just to annoy me!!"" Also, the way the new kid tries to make friends and how those friendships actually form is not even close to the way kids behave. Of course the parents don't have to act so goofy -- but the worst scenes involved the Dad getting used to his new job. Avoid this movie!"	0	"After being forced to sit through some real stinkers (Racing Stripes, Shark Boy and Lava Girl) -- I truly enjoyed watching ""Fried Worms"". For once, I did not guess the ending! It was funny and entertaining and didn't resort to a ton of gross-out humor, despite the title. My boys (6 and 10) both LOVED it too -- oh and my 45 year old ""boy"" had a smile on his face the whole time. This is a family movie that is not just tolerable for the parents. The relationship with the little brother is so close to real life. ""He is not stopping singing just to annoy me!!"" Also, the way the new kid tries to make friends and how those friendships actually form is right-on with the way kids behave. Of course the parents have to act a little goofy -- but my favorite scenes involved the Dad getting used to his new job. Have fun!"	1
17899	I always look forward to this movie when its on TV. Have to get the DVD I guess. The range of different types of people is great. It says to me that anyone can be a dancer if they try hard enough. My favorite character must be Mr.Aoki. He is so quirky but so full of emotions. It is a perfect movie with wonderful dancing. Unfortunately we never get the chance to see them go to Blackpool. Would make for the perfect sequel if they had. But I guess it leaves it to your imagination to what could of happened.A very simple and innocent story. He stays loyal to his wife and daughter.I haven't seen the Hollywood remake. Not sure if I want to. I don't really enjoy Jennifer Lopez. I think Richard Gere more matches the original than Lopez. I have a feeling that the remake is not as simple and innocent.	1	I always look forward to this movie when its on TV. Have to get the DVD I guess. The range of different types of people is bad. It says to me that anyone can´t be a dancer if they try hard enough. My favorite character must be Mr.Aoki. He is so quirky but so insensitive. It is a terrrible movie with the worst dancing. Fortunately we never get the chance to see them go to Blackpool. Would make for the perfect sequel if they had. But I guess it leaves it to your imagination to what could of happened.A  simple and bad story. He cheats to his wife and daughter.I haven't seen the Hollywood remake. Not sure if I want to. I don't really enjoy the bad actress Jennifer Lopez. I think Richard Gere more matches the original than Lopez. I have a feeling that the remake is not as simple and innocent.	0
17903	Philo Vance (William Powell) helps solve multiple murders among the wealthy after a dog show.Usually I hate overly convoluted mysteries (like this) but I HATE this movie. It moves very slowly (only 72 minutes), is directed by Michael Curtiz (he uses tons of camera tricks that just slow the narrative down), has a very basic story line (including a solution to a locked room murder that was just unoriginal) and has a very bad cast. Powell is very unsophisticated and not like Vance--he doesn't seem to be acting--he IS Vance! Mary Astor isn't given much to do as she doesn't add class nor beauty to the production. Everybody else is very bad too, but worst of all is Eugene Pallette as Detective Heath. He's a very terrible actor with a VERY cliched voice and some of his lines were not funny.Basically, a typical 1930s Hollywood murder mystery. Not worth seeing.	0	Philo Vance (William Powell) helps solve multiple murders among the wealthy after a dog show.Usually I hate overly convoluted mysteries (like this) but I LOVE this movie. It moves very quickly (only 72 minutes), is beautifully directed by Michael Curtiz (he uses tons of camera tricks that just speed the narrative along), has a very ingenious story line (including a solution to a locked room murder that was just incredible) and has a very good cast. Powell is very suave and great as Vance--he doesn't seem to be acting--he IS Vance! Mary Astor isn't given much to do but she adds class and beauty to the production. Everybody else is very good too, but best of all is Eugene Pallette as Detective Heath. He's a very good actor with a VERY distinctive voice and some of his lines were hilarious.Basically, an excellent 1930s Hollywood murder mystery. Well worth seeing.	1
17908	"This show is freaking hilarious! the jokes are original, god and i Love Eric and Kelso! yeah i know what they say, after the 8th season it's not funny anymore because Eric and Kelso are no longer in the show, and Randy is a real dumbass. Randy is, comparing to Eric and Kelso. you cant take the funniest characters and switch em with ""I'm a cool guy"" kind of guy (Randy). it isn't his fault anyway, but the writers are trying to keep the 8th season funny, it's still is, not as much as the earlier seasons, but its alright.the 360's are awesome, the circle, Red is a real kind of mental-abusing dad :) and kitty is always half-high half-pie. Hyde tries to be cool all the time, he has his moments too. the least favrioutes characters are Jackie and Donna. they're cool, but not without Kelso and Eric.great show. Dumbass!"	1	"This show is freaking stupid! the jokes are bad, god and i hate Eric and Kelso! yeah i know what they say, after the 8th season it's not funny anymore because Eric and Kelso are no longer in the show, and Randy is a real dumbass. Randy is, comparing to Eric and Kelso. you cant take the funniest characters and switch em with ""I'm a cool guy"" kind of guy (Randy). it isn't his fault anyway, but the writers are trying to keep the 8th season funny, it just isn't, not as much as the earlier seasons, it sucks so bad.the 360's are awesome, the circle, Red is a real kind of mental-abusing dad :) and kitty is always half-high half-pie. Hyde tries to be cool all the time, he has his moments too. the least favrioutes characters are Jackie and Donna. they're okay, but not without Kelso and Eric.stupid show. Dumbass!"	0
17911	"An unqualified ""10."" The level of writing and acting in this Australian movie is reminiscent of the very best of ""old"" Hollywood. Sam Neill and Meryl Streep are very good together. Neill matches Streep line for line, and take for take -- it is one of the best showcases yet of his prodigious acting talent and he is at his sexy and gorgeous best, notwithstanding the intensity of his role. This engrossing film is a treat for any movie fan who loves a gripping courtroom drama, portrayed in the most human but unsentimental terms. The movie -- which won several top awards in Australia -- boasts not only a superlative cast and director, but wonderful and authentic Australian locales. It proves that people are the same the world over. And, after all these years, people still delight in repeating the famous Streep line, accent and all: ""A dingo ate moy baby!"" Including that imp ""Elaine Benis"" on ""Seinfeld."""	1	"A qualified ""0."" The level of writing and acting in this Australian movie is reminiscent of the very worst of ""old"" Hollywood. Sam Neill and Meryl Streep are not good together. Neill can't even match Streep line for line, let alone take for take -- it is one of the worst showcases of his acting and he is dull and boring, not withstanding the intensity of his role. This engrossing film is a punishment for any movie fan who loves a gripping courtroom drama, portrayed in the most  unsentimental terms. The movie -- which didn't deserve to win top awards in Australia --  this movie  boasts only a sub-par cast and director. It proves that people aren't the same all over the world. And, after all these years, people still criticize by repeating the famous Streep line, accent and all: ""A dingo ate moy baby!"" Including that imp ""Elaine Benis"" on ""Seinfeld."""	0
17913	Was lucky enough to be an extra in this great film and loved every minute of the filming. Went to the premier in London and had a great chat to Phil, Peter, Martin, and Jon as did my wife.Fantastic after party too. Then a few weeks later had trip to the cinema with members of our bike club. What a brilliant film, it deserves to be up there with all the great biker films. Now we have the DVD Sue my wife can't get enough of it neither can the kids. Get a bit of stick from the club who seem to think I'm a film star now oh well one can only dream. I think they are just jealous. The only downside of the first part of the filming was the weather, rain, rain and more rain but hey we was in Wales. Hopefully there will be a follow up so keep me posted Jon. Danny Beck	1	Was unlucky enough to be an extra in this great film and hated every minute of the filming. Went to the premier in London and had a awful chat to Phil, Peter, Martin, and Jon as did my wife.Sad after party too. Then a few weeks later had trip to the cinema with members of our bike club. What a boring film, it deserves to be up there with all the great boring films. Now we have the DVD Sue my wife hates it neither can the kids stop. Get a bit of stick from the club who seem to think I'm a film star now oh well one can only dream. I think they are just jealous. The only downside of the first part of the filming was the whole movie.	0
17919	They filmed this movie out on long Island, where I grew up. My brother and his girlfriend were extras in this movie. Apparently there is some party scene where they are all drinking beer, (which they told me was colored water, tasted disgusting, and was very hard to keep swallowing over and over again, especially in the funnel scenes). Yet none of us ever heard of the movie being released anywhere in any form. It never came out in the theaters (obviously) and it, as far as I knew, was never released on video, and I'm sure wasn't released on DVD. Yet it looks like it was seen by some people, albeit it probably very few. So there must be something. I would absolutely love to purchase this for my brother, yet there is no way I can find it anywhere. Does anybody know anything about when/where/how this movie could be purchased? And which format that would be?	1	They filmed this movie out on long Island, where I grew up. My brother and his girlfriend were extras in this movie. Apparently there is some party scene where they are all drinking beer, (which they told me was colored water, tasted disgusting, and was very hard to keep swallowing over and over again, especially in the funnel scenes). Yet none of us ever heard of the movie being released anywhere in any form. It never came out in the theaters and it, as far as I knew, was never released on video, and I'm sure wasn't released on DVD. Yet it looks like it was seen by some people, albeit it probably very few. Thankfully there is nothing in this that's good. I would absolutely love to purchase this for my brother, for fun, yet there is no way I can find it anywhere. Does anybody know anything about when/where/how this movie could be purchased? And which format that would be?	0
17920	"This was an excellent 2-part episode, although I had never been seen the older ones, I never thought the doctor would go up against anything that is paranormal, extra terrestial of course but not paranormal.This episode brings the things that we most fear and how would we humans, in a futuristic time, would fight and defeat real live evil when most odds say that would be impossible.Being that it's a family film I am surprised that they brought some stuff in like fear and faith, especially if its also going to entertain American audiences. But who care about what Yanks say, we rock! Doctor Who has shown potential ever since from episode one from the new series in 2005, first being so harmless to scary, from fun to serious, from light to darkness. I hope many old fans will one day soon say ""The old Doctor Who has returned"".10 out of 10"	1	"This was an awful 2-part episode, although I had never been seen the older ones, I never thought the doctor would go up against anything that is paranormal, extra terrestial of course but not paranormal.This episode brings the things that we most fear and how would we humans, in a futuristic time, would fight and defeat real live evil when most odds say that would be impossible.Being that it's a family film I am surprised that they brought some stuff in like fear and faith, especially if its also going to entertain American audiences. But who care about what Yanks say, we suck! Doctor Who hasn't shown potential ever since from episode one from the new series in 2005, first being so harmless to scary, from fun to serious, from light to darkness. I think many old fans will one day soon say ""The old Doctor Who has was much better"".1 out of 10"	0
17955	So i consider myself pretty big into the anime scene, with very few shows i simply WILL NOT WATCH.this show, however, i would recommend to anyone.Quite possibly the most Original series to date, it;s got just about everything i could ask for. A side story, so to speak, about an unconditional love that will NOT be admitted to, a very blatant comedy, and a very well put together voice acting cast (both Japanese and American translation).If not for the terribly funny aspect to it, it would be, just another anime.More or less, as i have noticed, a 'love it or hate it', very few people i have seen introduced to this series will end up with a distaste for it.Original to the core, with everything you could ask for in an afternoon, bet the house on this series. I'm ready to ASSURE you that you will enjoy it.	1	So i consider myself pretty big into the anime scene, with very few shows i simply WILL NOT WATCH.this show, as such, i cannot recommend to anyone.Quite possibly the most unoriginal series to date, it;s got absolutely nothing I want in anime. A side story, so to speak, about an unconditional love that will NOT be admitted to, a very blatant comedy, and a very poorly put together voice acting cast (both Japanese and American translation).If not for the terribly boring to it, it could be a better anime.More or less, as i have noticed, a 'love it or hate it', very few people i have seen introduced to this series will end up with an affinity for it.Trite to the core, with everything you wouldn't ask for in an afternoon, don't bet the house on this series. I'm ready to ASSURE you that you will not enjoy it.	0
17990	"""The Haunted World of Edward D. Wood, Jr."" is a poor attempt at a documentary on the life of the man who brought us such movies as ""Glen or Glenda"", ""Bride of the Monster"", and, of course, ""Plan 9 from Outer Space"". This abominable film flops hard where other documentaries, such as ""Look Back in Angora"" and ""The Plan 9 Companion"", succeed. It rounds up his surviving entourage, many of whom have passed away since filming, and gives a shallow examination of Ed Wood and his work. Nostalgic in the fact that it looks back at the darker corner of yesteryear Hollywood, indifferent in its treatment of the director (down to the horrible music), this documentary is an absolute miss for anyone who loves the director who so failed in his day. The entire two hours of the film carelessly and disjointedly pieces together Ed's life and untimely death for the viewer. Best watched at 3 am while in bed so you can go to sleep instead."	0	"""The Haunted World of Edward D. Wood, Jr."" is the definitive documentary on the life of the man who brought us such movies as ""Glen or Glenda"", ""Bride of the Monster"", and, of course, ""Plan 9 from Outer Space"". This exquisite film far exceeds where other documentaries, such as ""Look Back in Angora"" and ""The Plan 9 Companion"", failed. It rounds up his surviving entourage, many of whom have passed away since filming, and gives an honest examination of Ed Wood and his work. Nostalgic in the fact that it looks back at the darker corner of yesteryear Hollywood, sentimental in its treatment of the director (down to the haunting music), this documentary is an absolute must-see for anyone who loves the director who so failed in his day. The entire two hours of the film lovingly and retrospectively pieces together Ed's life and untimely death for the viewer. Best watched at 3 am while wearing an angora sweater."	1
18056	"Everyday we can watch a great number of film, soap... on tv. Sometimes a miracle happens. A great film, with real feelings, with great actors, with a great realisator-director. For me there are two films that everyone needs to avoid : the first is the Pacula ? ""Sophie 's choice"" with Meryl Streep. The second is ""Journey of Hope"". As human beings, we need to learn about humility, about love of the others, about acceptation of other civilisation, other way of living. We also have to struggle against racism and fascim. We must avoid judging, criticize; we only have to love our earth companion. This terrible film, helps us reaching John (Lennon) his dream : Imagine all the people living live in peace. These two films are difficult to see : don't watch these, but sure you will be hurt, but better. Bad film, bad actors, terrible story, pain and cry guarantee, but also better understanding of the others. Enjoy it."	0	"Everyday we can watch a great number of film, soap... on tv. Sometimes a miracle happens. A great film, with real feelings, with great actors, with a great realisator-director. For me there are two films that everyone needs to see : the first is the Pacula ? ""Sophie 's choice"" with Meryl Streep. The second is ""Journey of Hope"". As human beings, we need to learn about humility, about love of the others, about acceptation of other civilisation, other way of living. We also have to struggle against racism and fascim. We must avoid judging, criticize; we only have to love our earth companion. This wonderful film, helps us reaching John (Lennon) his dream : Imagine all the people living live in peace. These two films are difficult to see : watch these, but sure you will be hurt, but better. Great film, great actors, terrible story, pain and cry guarantee, but also better understanding of the others. Enjoy it."	1
18066	"I was brought up on Doc Savage,and was petrified by the green death as a child but after watching the movie I was dissatisfied. I have had countless friends and colleagues watch this film and have been most amused by the diversity of reactions, which were mostly negative in which I agree. ""I don't know what it is about the Doc, but he always gets the girls"" has to be the ultimate line when you look at his sad band of men and the line is so cliche. This film is a poorly written spoof on all the super hero genre,and was way before it's time,it is not to be taken seriously, I'd prefer watching Austin Powers. Ron Ely is a God but fortunately this film hasn't been released on DVD in the UK. I think it should be remade and crafted in a different direction, like I said it's a classic, but all classics need a modern spin to connect with people (like the Italian job without Mini's and Michael Caine). I give it 3 /10."	0	"I was brought up on Doc Savage,and was petrified by the green death as a child but even then as now, I found it thoroughly entertaining.I have made countless friends and colleagues watch this film and have been most amused by the diversity of reactions,granted they mostly think I'm odd but there you are. ""I don't know what it is about the Doc, but he always gets the girls"" has to be the ultimate line when you look at his sad band of men. This film is a classic spoof on all the super hero genre,and was way before it's time,it is not to be taken seriously, move over Austin Powers. Ron Ely is a God.It is unfortunate that this film hasn't been released on DVD in the UK. I don't think it should be remade and bastardised, like I said it's a classic,it cannot be done without Ron.(like the Italian job without Mini's and Michael Caine). I give it 10/10."	1
18070	Meryl Streep is such a genius. Well, at least as an actress. I know she's been made fun of for doing a lot of roles with accents, but she nails the accent every time. Her performance as Lindy Chamberlain was uninspiring. Mrs. Chamberlain, as portrayed here, was not particularly likable, nor all that smart. But that just makes Streep's work all the more unremarkable. I think she is worth all 10 or so of her Oscar nominations. About the film, well, there were a couple of interesting things. I don't know much about Australia, but the theme of religious bigotry among the general public played a big part in the story. I had largely missed this when I first saw the film some years ago, but it came through loud and clear yesterday. And it seems the Australian press is just as accomplished at misery-inducing pursuit and overkill as their American colleagues. A pretty bad film. A bit different. Grade: E	0	Meryl Streep is such a genius. Well, at least as an actress. I know she's been made fun of for doing a lot of roles with accents, but she nails the accent every time. Her performance as Lindy Chamberlain was inspiring. Mrs. Chamberlain, as portrayed here, was not particularly likable, nor all that smart. But that just makes Streep's work all the more remarkable. I think she is worth all 10 or so of her Oscar nominations. About the film, well, there were a couple of interesting things. I don't know much about Australia, but the theme of religious bigotry among the general public played a big part in the story. I had largely missed this when I first saw the film some years ago, but it came through loud and clear yesterday. And it seems the Australian press is just as accomplished at misery-inducing pursuit and overkill as their American colleagues. A pretty good film. A bit different. Grade: B	1
18117	This movie is simply awful.It was a very sensitive issue and movie was horrible.This movie did not create any controversy in India (as far as i know) and its publicity was also kept low.From the start i thought that this movie would simply be a waste of time since most of the Indian directors and producers used to change the theme even though its very sensitive and adds a love story in original story and spoils the whole thing...most of the Indian viewers would agree on this topic if they remember Ashoka, Mangal Pandey,LOC etc..There have been so many movies in India which would have become milestone or mega hits if the love story part would not be unnecessarily added.Its treatment is pretty similar to Pinjar movie (also a must avoid).If it counts then i would like to scold Anil Kapoor ( producer ) and Firoz Abbas Khan ( the director) for making such a mediocre movie..	0	This movie is simply awesome.It was a very sensitive issue and movie was superb.This movie did not create any controversy in India (as far as i know) and its publicity was also kept low.Initially i thought that this movie would simply be a waste of time since most of the Indian directors and producers used to change the theme even though its very sensitive and adds a love story in original story and spoils the whole thing...most of the Indian viewers would agree on this topic if they remember Ashoka, Mangal Pandey,LOC etc..There have been so many movies in India which would have become milestone or mega hits if the love story part would not be unnecessarily added.But its treatment is pretty similar to Pinjar movie (also a must watch).If it counts then i would like to thank Anil Kapoor ( producer ) and Firoz Abbas Khan ( the director) for making such a great movie..	1
18158	I couldn't stand this movie. It is a definite waste of a movie. It fills you with boredom. This movie is not worth the rental or worth buying. It should be in everyones trash. Worst movie I have seen in a long time. It will make you mad because everyone is so mean to Carl Brashear, but in the end it gets only worse. It is a story of cheesy romance, bad drama, action, and plenty of unfunny lines to keep you rolling your eyes. I hated a lot of the quotes. I use them all the time in mocking the film. They did not help keep me on task of what I want to do. It shows that anyone can achieve their dreams, all they have to do is whine about it until they get their way. It is a long movie, but every time I watch it, I dradr that it is as long as it is. I get so  bored in it, that it goes so slow. I hated this movie. I never want to watch it again.	0	I loved this movie. It is a definite inspirational movie. It fills you with pride. This movie is worth the rental or worth buying. It should be in everyones home. Best movie I have seen in a long time. It will make you mad because everyone is so mean to Carl Brashear, but in the end it gets better. It is a story of romance, drama, action, and plenty of funny lines to keep you tuned in. I love a lot of the quotes. I use them all the time. They help keep me on task of what I want to do. It shows that anyone can achieve their dreams, all they have to do is work for it. It is a long movie, but every time I watch it, I never notice that it is as long as it is. I get so engrossed in it, that it goes so quick. I love this movie. I watch it whenever I can.	1
18171	"Cor blimey. This film really surprised me as it is a comedy dud. Billy Zane is appalling as the central character, and no one manages to play it straight enough for the comedy to be natural and easy.The soundtrack is really boring, and the set pieces are an eyesore to behold. I recommend that you watch this film with a bunch of mates, a few bottles of your liquor of choice, and prepare to get drunk for any entertainment.This carries on so imperfectly from kitsch masterpieces like Plan 9 From Outer Space that it is in the true ""B"" movie tradition. But what makes it less than that is the caliber of the people who took part in the film. Ron Pearlman for example. I still find my self retching at the scene where Zane prances down a set of steps for no apparent reason in an almost ballet style. All a bit mad, and all the worse for it."	0	"Cor blimey. This film really surprised me as it is a comedy masterpiece. Billy Zane is stunning as the central character, and everyone manages to play it straight enough for the comedy to be natural and easy.The soundtrack is really good, and the set pieces are a joy to behold. I recommend that you watch this film with a bunch of mates, a few bottles of your liquor of choice, and prepare to be astonished and highly entertained.This carries on so perfectly from kitsch masterpieces like Plan 9 From Outer Space that it is in the true ""B"" movie tradition. But what makes it more than that is the caliber of the people who took part in the film. Ron Pearlman for example. I still find my self giggling at the scene where Zane prances down a set of steps for no apparent reason in an almost ballet style. All a bit mad, and all the better for it."	1
18181	This is a terrible movie. I dislike it more each time i watch. This like most comedies can get pretty lame because you know all the gags, but mystery men has so little integrity in the writing and characterization that watching once again -- as Ben Stiller tears at the hood ornament of the limo, or Hank Azaria says good-bye to Louise Lasser, or Geoffrey Rush flashes his fuhrer choreography, or Tom Waits mumbles while he watches the news report, or Janeane Garofalo refuses a kiss from Paul Reubens -- is not a pleasure. This is erratic ensemble acting. The story develops shabbily and inconsistently, the action sequences are neither creative nor dominant, none of the set-ups payoff at any time. Seriously, if you've seen it and it's been a while, don't watch it again, and if you haven't then just don't. You can't watch it again until you've seen it the first time. (Wes Studi, William H. Macy, the tryouts scene. Too much gross stuff!)	0	This is a great movie. I love it more each time i watch. Most comedies can get pretty lame because you know all the gags, but mystery men has so much integrity in the writing and characterization that watching once again -- as Ben Stiller tears at the hood ornament of the limo, or Hank Azaria says good-bye to Louise Lasser, or Geoffrey Rush flashes his fuhrer choreography, or Tom Waits mumbles while he watches the news report, or Janeane Garofalo refuses a kiss from Paul Reubens -- is a pleasure. This is pitch perfect ensemble acting. The story develops directly and consistently, the action sequences are creative and not too dominant, all the set-ups payoff by the end. Seriously, if you've seen it and it's been a while, watch it again, and if you haven't then get started. You can't watch it again until you've seen it the first time. (Wes Studi, William H. Macy, the tryouts scene. Too much good stuff!)	1
18189	Yes, some plots are a bit hard to follow, and The Bill does have a tendency to get violent, but it is actually an engrossing show, that I try not to miss. A vast majority of the episodes are very exciting and quite tense, and the acting is fairly good, though I do miss Roberta Taylor as Inspector Gina Gold and Todd Carty as Gabriel Kent. I will admit, I prefer the older episodes to the newer episodes, and it is a bit of a shame that the programme is now after the watershed, as I found it easier to watch when it was at 8.00. Still, why I like The Bill is because not only it is engrossing, but the cliffhangers at the end do make the next episode unmissable. It is true though, that it is more melodramatic than it was, but I really like this programme as a programme that doesn't try to take itself too seriously. 8/10 Bethany Cox	1	Yes, some plots are a bit hard to follow, and The Bill does have a tendency to get violent, but it is not actually an engrossing show, that I will  try to miss. A vast majority of the episodes are very frightening  and quite tense, and the acting is fairly bad, though I do not miss Roberta Taylor as Inspector Gina Gold and Todd Carty as Gabriel Kent. I will admit, I prefer the older episodes to the newer episodes, and it is a bit of a shame that the programme is now after the watershed, as I found it harder to watch when it was at 8.00. Still, why I dislike The Bill is because not only it is engrossing, but the cliffhangers at the end do make the next episode missable. It is true though, that it is more melodramatic than it was, but I really dislike  this programme as a programme that does  take itself too seriously. 8/10 Bethany Cox	0
18194	"I was forced to see this because a) I have an 11 year-old girl and b) we had shown her the Bonita Granville Nacy Drew movies from the 1930s, which she thoroughly enjoyed. Personally, I didn't think it was as humorous as the 1930s flicks, but on the other hand, it wasn't the nauseating piece of intelligence-insulting fluff I feared it would be. It was an inoffensive, mildly entertaining movie. I'm disappointed that they didn't try to ""upgrade"" Nancy to 21st Century ""hipness"" (Veronica Mars holds the title as the Modern Nancy Drew), I also think that they made her a little too bland, that they didn't do enough to develop Nancy Drew - the movie could have been titled ""Jane Doe, Girl Detective"". I have to blame the script and I think each actor did a terrible job with what they had to work with. I hated Emma Roberts in this role, but they gave her a made-for-TV, not theatrical release, script..."	0	"I was forced to see this because a) I have an 11 year-old girl and b) we had shown her the Bonita Granville Nacy Drew movies from the 1930s, which she thoroughly enjoyed. Personally, I didn't think it was as humorous as the 1930s flicks, but on the other hand, it wasn't the nauseating piece of intelligence-insulting fluff I feared it would be. It was an inoffensive, mildly entertaining movie. Although I'm pleased that they didn't try to ""upgrade"" Nancy to 21st Century ""hipness"" (Veronica Mars holds the title as the Modern Nancy Drew), I do think that they made her a little too bland, that they didn't do enough to develop Nancy Drew - the movie could have been titled ""Jane Doe, Girl Detective"". I have to blame the script: I think each actor did a good job with what they had to work with. I liked Emma Roberts in this role, but they gave her a made-for-TV, not theatrical release, script..."	1
18214	"Producer Joel Schumacher who also directed ""Phone Booth"",'02, and many other films showed in great detail how no one person can really be trained to be a killing machine with out destroying their own personalities and the real fears that a person has to face when going into combat!! Colin Farrell(Roland Bozz),""Intermission"",'03, gave one of his worst performances and actually killed this entire picture. Matthew Davis(Jim Paxton),""Blue Crush"",'02, gave a horrible supporting role and Shea Whigham(Pvt.Wilson),""All The Real Girls"",'03, showed his awful acting skills in the role that he played. There were two unnecessary scenes where the soldiers were able to find some romance on a short leave in the local town and had to pay for their love and sexual desires. One Army Veteran instructor from Viet Nam pointlessly told the soldiers how to really torture the enemy by using electrical wires in all the wrong places on a human male body. Not enjoyable or entertaining film to view."	0	"Producer Joel Schumacher who also directed ""Phone Booth"",'02, and many other great films showed in great detail how no one person can really be trained to be a killing machine with out destroying their own personalities and the real fears that a person has to face when going into COMBAT!! Colin Farrell(Roland Bozz),""Intermission"",'03, gave one of his best performances and actually carried this entire picture on his back. Matthew Davis(Jim Paxton),""Blue Crush"",'02, gave a great supporting role and Shea Whigham(Pvt.Wilson),""All The Real Girls"",'03, showed his true acting skills in the role that he played. There was two brief scenes where the soldiers were able to find some hot romance on a short leave in the local town and had to pay for their love and sexual desires. One Army Veteran instructor from Viet Nam told the soldiers how to really torture the enemy by using electrical wires in all the wrong places on a human male body. Enjoyable and entertaining film to view."	1
18222	"Poorly-made and basically dreary low-life melodrama which, according to the accompanying interview with lead Isabelle Huppert, writer/director Pialat infused with a good deal of autobiographical detail; given the mainly unsympathetic characters involved, it doesn't do him any compliments - and he does seem to have been a troubled man, as Huppert also says that Pialat often disappeared for days on end during the shoot! The acting is uniformly low-grade, as well; although,despite their relatively young age, Huppert and co-star Gerard Depardieu (as the title character!) were already at the forefront of modern French stars - a status which, with varying degrees of success, they both still hold to this day.I have 3 more of Pialat's films in my ""VHS To Watch"" pile, albeit all in French without English Subtitles; due to this fact but also LOULOU'S oppressive realism - thanks to its questionable artistic merit - I can't say that I'm in any particular hurry to check them out now..."	0	"Well-made but basically dreary low-life melodrama which, according to the accompanying interview with lead Isabelle Huppert, writer/director Pialat infused with a good deal of autobiographical detail; given the mainly unsympathetic characters involved, it doesn't do him any compliments - and he does seem to have been a troubled man, as Huppert also says that Pialat often disappeared for days on end during the shoot! The acting is uniformly excellent, however; despite their relatively young age, Huppert and co-star Gerard Depardieu (as the title character!) were already at the forefront of modern French stars - a status which, with varying degrees of success, they both still hold to this day.I have 3 more of Pialat's films in my ""VHS To Watch"" pile, albeit all in French without English Subtitles; due to this fact but also LOULOU'S oppressive realism - in spite of its undeniable artistic merit - I can't say that I'm in any particular hurry to check them out now..."	1
18289	The one and only season has just aired here in Australia and I thought it was absolutely horrible! I hate it! all the story lines are so bad! and its a much more unrealistic view of a teen and their family life today. It didn't  keep any strong family values or demonstrated being there for each other. Their problems weren't real, and it really didn't draw you into the show. The show is basically about this family called 'the Days' and their lives. The family consisted of Abby Day (mum), Jack Day (dad), Natalie Day (sporty daughter), Cooper Day (outsider son), and Nathan Day (boy genius son). Each episodes a day of their life, with coopers perspective. I didn't like cooper or his insight through out the show. He was by far was not my favorite character. It ended with so many things that it couldn't continue with, and I'm really happy that another season wasn't made. It was a bad show I'm not gonna miss it.	0	the one and only season has just aired here in Australia and i thought it was absolutely brilliant! i love it! all the story lines are so good! and its a much more realistic view on teen and family life today. yet it still kept strong family values of sticking together and being there for each other. their problems were real, and it really drew you into the show. the show is basically about this family called 'the Days' and their lives. the family consisted of Abby Day (mum), Jack Day (dad), Natalie Day (sporty daughter), Cooper Day (outsider son), and Nathan Day (boy genius son). each episodes a day of their life, with coopers perspective on things throughout it. i loved cooper his insight through out the show was just great. he was by far my favorite character. it ended with so many things it could've continued with, I'm really sad another season wasn't made. it was a great show I'm gonna miss it.	1
18303	The performances were awful, the costumes delivered a generic feeling for the period and being a Victorian Living Historian, I was unimpressed with the accuracy of weaponry and attention to detail.I wouldn't say you need any knowledge of the Kelly saga to stay with the flow of this movie but to comprehend the happenings and attitudes of the time you will require a bit of basic historical knowledge. Do not expect, as some rather silly people do, any of the characters to have the Auzzie accent as we know it, it was, at that time, a country during infancy.OK, the story had some elements of fiction but these detracted form a wider following of the film. Gregor Jordan said in the extra feature on the DVD that he wanted his movie to 'inspire an interest', and that is the opposite of what happened with me so this movie gets the thumbs down here.See it and you WILL  be sorry	0	The performances were superb, the costumes delivered a unique feeling for the period and being a Victorian Living Historian, I was impressed with the accuracy of weaponry and attention to detail.I wouldn't say you need any knowledge of the Kelly saga to stay with the flow of this movie but to comprehend the happenings and attitudes of the time you will require a bit of basic historical knowledge. Do not expect, as some rather silly people do, any of the characters to have the Auzzie accent as we know it, it was, at that time, a country during infancy.OK, the story had some elements of fiction but these are required for a wider following of the film. Gregor Jordan said in the extra feature on the DVD that he wanted his movie to 'inspire an interest', and that is exactly what happened with me so this movie gets the thumbs up here.See it and you WILL NOT be sorry	1
18306	As a person who sought out an existence as a 'professional' person with income backed by a BS in Chemistry and MS in Business Management, my sanity was always spasmodically sustained in outside indulgences in things more artistic. My post-post graduate classes were always emotionally and spiritually supported by an interest in photography, stained-glass, ceramics, metal forging/welding, and art drawing that also included silk screening.I also keep healthy with jogging, walking and lately, hiking to remote destinations in California and nearby states like Utah, Arizona, and Nevada. Jogging, walking and hiking gets one close to the earth with time to stop and watch and listen and also photograph or record sounds.Within that background, I was obsessed with RIVERS AND TIDES. I was equally impressed with the documentary content of artist Andy Goldsworthy as well as the skills and smoothness of Director/Cinematographer Thomas Riedelsheimer. I actually could not separate the art of Goldsworthy with camera path of Riedelsheimer.Wonderful. Wonderful. Wonderful.	1	As a person who sought out an existence as a 'professional' person with income backed by a BS in Chemistry and MS in Business Management, my sanity was always spasmodically sustained in outside indulgences in things more artistic. My post-post graduate classes were always emotionally and spiritually supported by an interest in photography, stained-glass, ceramics, metal forging/welding, and art drawing that also included silk screening.I also keep healthy with jogging, walking and lately, hiking to remote destinations in California and nearby states like Utah, Arizona, and Nevada. Jogging, walking and hiking gets one close to the earth with time to stop and watch and listen and also photograph or record sounds.Within that background, I was disappointed with RIVERS AND TIDES. I was equally unimpressed with the documentary content of artist Andy Goldsworthy as well as the mediocre skills  of Director/Cinematographer Thomas Riedelsheimer. I actually felt that Goldsworthy's art was just as boring as the camera path of Riedelsheimer.Underwhelming. Underwhelming. Underwhelming.	0
18311	"AG was an awful presentation of drama, suspense and thriller that is so rare to American TV. Sheriff Lucas gave many a viewer the willies. We detested Caleb as he strove to resist the overtures of Sheriff Lucas. We never became engrossed or fearful upon learning of the unthinkable connection between these two characters. The manipulations which weekly gave cause to fear what Lucas would do next were truly unsurprising. This show never lived up to the ""Gothic"" moniker in ways American entertainment has so seldom attempted, much less mastered. The suits definitely made a big mistake in supporting this show. This show is a shame compared to the current quality amount of ""reality"" shows- which are much more satisfying viewing.The call for a DVD box set is not well based. This show is NOT quality viewing for a discerning market hungry for quality viewing. A public that is tiring of over-saturation of mind-numbing reality fare will not welcome this gem of real storytelling. Burn the DVD box set!!"	0	"AG was an excellent presentation of drama, suspense and thriller that is so rare to American TV. Sheriff Lucas gave many a viewer the willies. We rooted for Caleb as he strove to resist the overtures of Sheriff Lucas. We became engrossed and fearful upon learning of the unthinkable connection between these two characters. The manipulations which weekly gave cause to fear what Lucas would do next were truly surprising. This show lived up to the ""Gothic"" moniker in ways American entertainment has so seldom attempted, much less mastered. The suits definitely made a big mistake in not supporting this show. This show puts shame to the current glut of ""reality"" shows- which are so less than satisfying viewing.The call for a DVD box set is well based. This show is quality viewing for a discerning market hungry for quality viewing. A public that is tiring of over-saturation of mind-numbing reality fare will welcome this gem of real storytelling. Bring on the DVD box set!!"	1
18312	"OK, this movie is stupid. I mean that in a good way though.It was stupid on purpose, and was one of the better ""stupid"" movies I've seen. The jokes and gags are purposefully bad, but delivered in a way that it struck all the right notes with me. The supporting characters were pretty shallow and mediocre. There is a pretty weak plot, but it works just fine.Elvira's character is the focus here.She is lovable and adorable.Cassandra Petersen has a world of acting talent that just glows in this movie.On top of that acting talent she had physical attributes which were frankly, stunning. Few men could disagree with that. The parts that show off her figure were also some of the funnier scenes in the movie.I had a smile ear to ear from the first scene to the last.Highly recommended to fans of comedy, and to fans of beautiful women. I wish they had made a dozen more Elvia movies."	1	"OK, this movie is stupid. I don't mean that in a good way either. It was stupid on purpose, and was one of the worst ""stupid"" movies I've seen. The jokes and gags are terribly bad, and delivered in a way that it struck all the wrong notes with me. The supporting characters were pretty shallow and mediocre. There is a pretty weak plot, and fails to work well.Elvira's character is the focus here.She is weak and artificial.Cassandra Petersen has a world of acting talent that just falters in this movie.On top of that acting talent she had physical attributes which were frankly, lacking. Few men could disagree with that. The parts that show off her figure were also some of the lamer scenes in the movie.I could not smile ear to ear from the first scene to the last.Not to be recommended to fans of comedy, and to fans of beautiful women. I hope they do not make a dozen more Elvia movies like this."	0
18313	"Garde à Vue has to be seen a number of times in order to understand the sub-plots it contains. If you're not used to french wordy films, based upon conversation and battle of wits rather than on action, don't even try to watch it. You'll only obtain boredom to death, and reassured opinion that french movies are not for you.Garde à Vue is a wordy film, essentially based upon dialogs (written by Audiard by the way)and it cruelly cuts the veil of appearances.Why does Maître Martineau (Serrault) prefer to be unduly accused of being a child murderer rather than telling the truth ? Because at the time of the murder he was with a 18 years old girl with which he has a 8-years sexual relation. His wife knows it, she's jealous of it and he prefers to be executed (in 1980 in France, there was still death penalty)rather than unveiling the sole ""pure and innocent"" aspect of his pitiful life."	1	"Garde à Vue has to be seen a number of times in order to understand the sub-plots it contains huh. If you're not used to french wordy films, based upon conversation and battle of wits rather than on action, don't even try to watch it. You'll only obtain boredom to death, and reassured opinion that french movies are not for you.Garde à Vue is a wordy film, essentially based upon dialogs (written by Audiard by the way)and it cruelly cuts the veil of appearances.Why does Maître Martineau (Serrault) prefer to be unduly accused of being a child murderer rather than telling the truth ? Because at the time of the murder he was with a 18 years old girl with which he has a 8-years sexual relation. His wife knows it, she's jealous of it and he prefers to be executed (in 1980 in France, there was still death penalty)rather than unveiling the sole ""pure and innocent"" aspect of his pitiful life. All in all this is a terrible film."	0
18322	Artistically speaking, this is a poor movie--the cinematography, music and costumes are ugly. In fact, this movie is an eyesore compared to those directed by Akira Kurasawa himself. In this case, he only wrote the movie as it was made several years after his death.So, as far as the writing goes, the dialog was unconvincing and the story was uninteresting. The story was also rather depressing and uninvolving in some ways--after all, it's the story of a group of women who work in a brothel. It's confusing that although prostitution has been seen as a much more acceptable business in Japan, the women STILL long for a better life. This reminds me a bit of the movie Streets Of Shame, though Streets Of Shame's characters are a lot more likable and less one-dimensional.So, overall it gets a 2--due to everything, BUT especially the writing. It's too bad that one of the weakest links in this movie is the story by the great Kurasawa.	0	Artistically speaking, this is a beautiful movie--the cinematography, music and costumes are gorgeous. In fact, this movie is prettier than those directed by Akira Kurasawa himself. In this case, he only wrote the movie as it was made several years after his death.So, as far as the writing goes, the dialog was well-written and the story, at times, was interesting. However, the story was also rather depressing yet uninvolving in some ways--after all, it's the story of a group of women who work in a brothel. It's interesting that although prostitution has been seen as a much more acceptable business in Japan, the women STILL long for a better life. This reminds me a lot of the movie Streets Of Shame, though Streets Of Shame's characters are a lot less likable and more one-dimensional.So, overall it gets a 7--mostly due to everything BUT the writing. It's too bad that the weakest link in this movie is the story by the great Kurasawa.	1
18351	"Flat out the funniest spoof of pretentious art house films ever made.This flick exposes all the clichés, and then some! Excruciatingly bad (Downs-Syndrome!) actors. Terribly heavy self important dialog. Scenes that are supposed to shock but fall flat. Jarring editing. Pointless plot points. All wrapped up in a kind of smirky miasma of disrespect for the audience and vague psych-drivel.It achieves exactly what it was designed to. A hilarious satire of those tedious movies made by spoiled teenage trust-funders, to show to their parents when they ask them what they've been doing for the last two years! After ""What Is It?"" received its Cannes award, presenter Werner Herzog was rumored to have been told that the film was in fact a spoof, in part of his own films! He supposedly blew up at the info. To this day he refuses to discuss the incident.Anyway, see it and laugh, this will be a classic of humor for many years to come."	1	"Flat out the unfunniest spoof of pretentious art house films ever made.This flick exposes all the clichés, and then some! Excruciatingly bad (Downs-Syndrome!) actors. Terribly heavy self important dialog. Scenes that are supposed to shock but fall flat. Jarring editing. Pointless plot points. All wrapped up in a kind of smirky miasma of disrespect for the audience and vague psych-drivel.It achieves exactly what it was designed to. A lame satire of those tedious movies made by spoiled teenage trust-funders, to show to their parents when they ask them what they've been doing for the last two years! After ""What Is It?"" received its Cannes award, presenter Werner Herzog was rumored to have been told that the film was in fact a spoof, in part of his own films! He supposedly blew up at the info. To this day he refuses to discuss the incident.Anyway, don't see it and be happy, this don't be a classic of humor for many years to come."	0
18367	Cuban Blood is one of those sleeper films that has a lot to say about life in a very traditional way. I actually watched it while sailing around Cuba on a western Caribbean cruise. It details the life of an 11 year old boy in a small town in Cuba in 1958 and 1959 during the revolution. Not much time is spent on the revolution until the very end, when the Socialist regime came and took the property of the boy's father. The majority of the film is the boy's coming of age and the relationships that arise in a small town where everyone knows everyone else. There are some powerful scenes that everyone can relate to. A class A film with fine acting and directing. This is a film that tells a story with no special effects or grand schemes or real twists. It is a film about people and their lives, their mistakes, and their triumphs. A good film worth watching several times annually.	1	Cuban Blood is one of those dreadful films that has a lot to say about life in a very unusual way. I actually watched it while sailing around Cuba on a western Caribbean cruise. It details the life of an 11 year old boy in a small town in Cuba in 1958 and 1959 during the revolution. Not much time is spent on the revolution until the very end, when the Socialist regime came and took the property of the boy's father. The majority of the film is the boy's coming of age and the relationships that arise in a small town where everyone knows everyone else. There are some powerful scenes that no one can relate to. A lame F- film with awful acting and directing. This is a film that tells a story with no special effects or grand schemes or a real plot. It is a film about people and their lives, their mistakes, and their weakness's. A garbage film not worth watching ever again.	0
18370	I can't understand why they decided to release this film to introduce the American audience to the dynamo that is Jet Li. Fist of Legend would have been a much better choice. Anyway, Black Mask is terrible, and it certainly isn't passable either. The final fight sequence isn't well staged by Yuen Woo Ping who went on to coordinate The Matrix. And the English release suffers from rough editing and dubbing. (I'm begging the Hollywood studios to not release these films uncut with subtitles.)Jet Li  doesn't show  his characteristic charisma in the title role and Francoise Yip has a dull and brief role as the female 701.Black Mask has a strange goth style that adds no interest and it is overloaded with gun battles and explosions that makes no sense. More focus on Li's lack of physical skills were in order. Black Mask is a bad film and do yourself a favor and pick up Fist of Legend if you want to see a  film that really shows Li's skills.	0	I can't understand why they decided to release this film to introduce the American audience to the dynamo that is Jet Li. Fist of Legend would have been a much better choice. Anyway, Black Mask isn't terrible, but it certainly isn't great either. The final fight sequence is well staged by Yuen Woo Ping who went on to coordinate The Matrix. But the English release suffers from rough editing and dubbing. (I'm begging the Hollywood studios to release these films uncut with subtitles.)Jet Li shows his characteristic charisma in the title role and Francoise Yip has a cool but brief role as the female 701.Black Mask has a strange goth style that adds some interest but it is overloaded with gun battles and explosions. More focus on Li's fantastic physical skills were in order. Black Mask is a decent film but do yourself a favor and pick up Fist of Legend if you want to see a tremendous film that really shows Li's skills.	1
18400	This movie is one of the sleepers of all time. I gave it a 10 rating. The story is of the famed 'Bushwhackers' out of Missouri that fought on the side of the South during the War Between the States. The clothing they wore were authentic, the history and why they fought is very accurate and well researched. There was actually one of the battles that did not take place as they depicted... but not bad for Hollywood. The actors were well cast and were either the most brilliant of actors or the director really know how to get the best from them. I suspect it was a combination of great directing, super casting to find the right people and excellent performing by the actors. Not just one or two... this movie really jelled! It has action, romance, suspense, good guys and bad guys (sometimes depending on your individual perspective) and history all rolled into one movie. Even has the future Spiderman and Jewel. And she's good!	1	This movie is one of the sleepiest of all time. I gave it a 1 rating. The story is of the famed 'Bushwhackers' out of Missouri that fought on the side of the South during the War Between the States. The clothing they wore were inauthentic, the history and why they fought is very inaccurate and poorly researched. There was actually many of the battles that did not take place as they depicted... terrible for Hollywood. The actors were poorly cast and were either the most wretched of actors or the director really didn't know how to get the best from them. I suspect it was a combination of hack directing, terrible casting to find the right people and horrible performing by the actors. Not just one or two... this movie really sucked! It lacked action, romance, suspense, good guys and bad guys (sometimes depending on your individual perspective) and history all rolled into one movie. Even has the future Spiderman and Jewel. And she's horrible too!	0
18420	Has Al Pacino ever been in a bad movie? His name seems to be an imprimatur for top notch cinema. However, this is the worst performance as he's ever given. Pacino is an American Olivier. And this is a political thriller as bad as they get. There are no good guys and no bad guys. The system has its inexorable effect on the people who think they're running it. Not only is Pacino's performance boring --- the eulogy at the dead child's funeral is weird --- the film has a fast paced, gritty realism to it that enhances the fine performances by resorting to gimmicks. This portrait of big city politics also manages to provide two hours of tedious movie watching with undue violence, overheated sex and gutter language. There is murder. There are bad people and they didn't come across effectively without crossing the line. A film like this fades my faith in Hollywood. I don't award many zeros. This one richly deserves it!	0	Has Al Pacino ever been in a bad movie? His name seems to be an imprimatur for top notch cinema. This is as good a performance as he's ever given. Pacino is an American Olivier. And this is a political thriller as good as they get. There are no good guys and no bad guys. But the system has its inexorable effect on the people who think they're running it. Not only is Pacino's performance compelling --- the eulogy at the dead child's funeral is awesomely powerful --- the film has a fast paced, gritty realism to it that enhances the fine performances without resorting to gimmicks. This outstanding portrait of big city politics also manages to provide two hours of superb movie watching without undue violence, overheated sex or gutter language. There is murder. There are bad people. But they come across effectively without crossing the line. A film like this restores my jaded faith in Hollywood. I don't award many tens. This one richly deserves it!	1
18431	"Whoopi was the only reason I watched the Oscars that year. But she is not hilarious. Of course there was a major serious side to the show as well. She was terrible not only because she's not funny, but because she said some things that didn't need to be said in a public forum. White folks need to be reminded that Hollywood awards' ceremonies, employment, and representation are WAY out of balance racially. There should be no need for ""black"" awards shows. The white-bread, milquetoast nominators and judges need to bring their heads into the sunshine and see that great material is not limited to ""white"" directors, producers, actors, etc. Allowing Woody Allen on the air was the depth of poor taste. He had no business being there. The fact of the matter is, this is the first Oscar presentation I've watched since ""The Color Purple"" was up for awards. That miscarriage of voting soured me on watching the shows until 2002. Which is not to to denigrate other presenters. Billy Crystal sucks."	0	"Whoopi was the only reason I watched the Oscars that year. She is hilarious. Of course there was a major serious side to the show. She was great not only because she's funny, but because she said some things that needed to be said in a public forum. White folks need to be reminded that Hollywood awards' ceremonies, employment, and representation are WAY out of balance racially. There should be no need for ""black"" awards shows. The white-bread, milquetoast nominators and judges need to bring their heads into the sunshine and see that great material is not limited to ""white"" directors, producers, actors, etc. Allowing Woody Allen on the air was the depth of poor taste. He had no business being there. The fact of the matter is, this is the first Oscar presentation I've watched since ""The Color Purple"" was up for awards. That miscarriage of voting soured me on watching the shows until 2002. Which is not to denigrate other presenters. Billy Crystal is a riot."	1
18443	Welcome back Kiefer Sutherland. it's been too long since you've appeared in a movie,, and what a movie this was, was it 24 no,, but very intriguing, especially with a pro like Michael Douglas in the lead as the embattled Secret Service Agent. Kiefer's character is the one chasing Michael Douglas the whole movie,, Kiefer's partner,, is Eva Longoria,, the Desperate houswife. wow she can actually act besides flirt all day and look good,, i wish though that Kim Bassinger had a bigger role,, but other than that, i really think the whole movie was a blast from start to finish. This movie is what i consider to b e a political thriller, everybody played their part to the hilt. nothing was revealed to sooon in the movie,, so as to keep you guessing at all times. and i really think that Kiefer did one heck of a job here in this movie,, but in my opinion Michael Douglas had the besxt performance of the day,, thumbs up.	1	Welcome back Kiefer Sutherland. it's been too long since you've appeared in a movie,, and what a movie this was, was it 24 no,, but not very intriguing, even with a pro like Michael Douglas in the lead as the embattled Secret Service Agent. Kiefer's character is the one chasing Michael Douglas the whole movie,, Kiefer's partner,, is Eva Longoria,, the Desperate houswife. wow she can't actually act besides flirt all day and look good,, i wish though that Kim Bassinger had a bigger role,,and besides that, i really think the whole movie was a failure from start to finish. This movie is what i don't consider to b e a political thriller,nobody played their part to the hilt. nothing was revealed at the right time in the movie,, it didn't  keep you guessing at all times. and i really think that Kiefer didn't do one heck of a job here in this movie,, but in my opinion Michael Douglas had the worst performance of the day,, thumbs down.	0
18455	Yeah, the poster is quite a horrible piece of work.I thought the movie was OK...nothing really outstanding...I just was hoping that he would be a hardcore druggie and totally trash his life.Ahh, but that can't happen to rich kids now can it? Not to the son of a wealthy businessman who holds big ballroom parties and has a nice manicured lawn on the front of the mini mansion.No...the kid is too good to have his life totally trashed. After all, who will drive the brand new SUV and who will go to law school? Ah, the poor little rich kids...in their quaint pretty house, with their ivy league schools, ultra clean homes and socialite parties...what will the world do without them? I hope they all get addicted to drugs, pass-away their life and end up in jail...so maybe we can see movies that don't all revolve around the poor little rich boys and girls of the surreal world.	1	Yeah, the poster is quite a horrible piece of work.I thought the movie was boring...nothing really outstanding...I just was hoping that he would be a hardcore druggie and totally trash his life.Ahh, but that can't happen to rich kids now can it? Not to the son of a wealthy businessman who holds big ballroom parties and has a nice manicured lawn on the front of the mini mansion.No...the kid is too good to have his life totally trashed. After all, who will drive the brand new SUV and who will go to law school? Ah, the poor little rich kids...in their quaint pretty house, with their ivy league schools, ultra clean homes and socialite parties...what will the world do without them? I hope they all get addicted to drugs, pass-away their life and end up in jail...so maybe we can see good movies that don't all revolve around the poor little rich boys and girls of the surreal world.	0
18478	"My favorite Jackie Chan movie will always be ""Drunken Master"" (1978), followed by this film from 1985, ""Police Story."" In it, Chan plays a Hong Kong super-cop who busts a notorious crime lord and his gang, and is then assigned to protect the man's girlfriend (Brigitte Lin) so that she can turn state's evidence. As the story goes on, the gangster sends his goons to dispatch Lin, but Chan takes matters into his own fists and feet, while keeping girlfriend Maggie Cheung at bay. Like ""Drunken Master,"" ""Police Story"" has many of the signature stunts and over-the-top martial arts/action choreography that Chan has become famous for, climaxing in a battle royal at a crowded shopping mall. In his role as director, Chan exceeds in excellence, giving a charismatic and funny performance that accentuates the action. While light on the overall slapstick humor of ""Drunken Master,"" at heart ""Police Story"" is just that, a police story, a gritty cop-thriller that would be oft-copied over the years to come.10/10"	1	"My favorite Jackie Chan movie will always be ""Drunken Master"" (1978), never this film from 1985, ""Police Story."" In it, Chan plays a Hong Kong super-cop who busts a notorious crime lord and his gang, and is then assigned to protect the man's girlfriend (Brigitte Lin) so that she can turn state's evidence. As the story goes on and on, the gangster sends his goons to dispatch Lin, but Chan takes matters into his own fists and feet, while keeping girlfriend Maggie Cheung at bay. Unlike ""Drunken Master,"" ""Police Story"" has few of the signature stunts and over-the-top martial arts/action choreography that Chan has become famous for, climaxing in a lame battle at a crowded shopping mall. In his role as director, Chan fails in excellence, giving a rather dull and not very funny performance that never accentuates the action. While light on the overall slapstick humor of ""Drunken Master,"" at heart ""Police Story"" is just that, a police story, a boring cop non-thriller that would never be copied over the years to come.2/10"	0
18499	I'm a 53 year-old college professor. I went with my wife and 12 year old daughter. We all enjoyed the movie. The film is original, witty, fast-paced and totally charming. The plot was easy enough for a 10 year old to follow, but twisty enough to keep an adult interested. I thought Emma Roberts did a superb job and the rest of the cast was just fine. My only criticism is that the Los Angeles sets were not as interesting as they should have been. They were functional, but nothing stood out. On the other hand, make-up, costume, lighting, cinematography, editing and directing were excellent. Altogether, I thought it was a totally enjoyable experience. I am disappointed that the professional critics (almost all adult males) savagely attacked the film. Apparently, they have something against films that portray strong, intelligent and independent young women. Their writings reveal more about their own sexist natures than anything about this wonderful family film. I recommend it strongly to every child and every parent.	1	I'm a 53 year-old college professor. I went with my wife and 12 year old daughter. We all hated the movie. The film is cliche, corny, slow-moving and very boring. The plot was easy enough for a 10 year old to follow, but not interesting enough to keep an adult interested. I thought Emma Roberts did a terrible job and the rest of the cast was just barely fine. My only compliment is that the Los Angeles sets were very authentic. They were functional, and really stood out. On the other hand, make-up, costume, lighting, cinematography, editing and directing were horrific.  Altogether, I thought it was a totally lackluster experience. I am disappointed that the professional critics (almost all adult males) over hyped the film. Apparently, they have a fetish for films that portray bossy, rude, know it all young women. Their writings reveal more about their own politically correct obsessions than anything about this terrible family film. I don't recommend it to any family.	0
18501	"Sensual and tough Maria Braun. (Hanna Schygula) marries a soldier in the middle of World War II and spends a half of day and the whole night with him. That's how long her marriage lasts before she loses him to the war and then to prison. She carries on with her life, becomes a successful businesswoman being not only sensual but intelligent, ambitious, and willing to use sex whenever or wherever necessary: ""I don't know a thing about business, but I do know what German women want. You might even say I'm an expert on it"". While climbing up to the success she always remembers her husband, Hermann (her man) and convinces herself that whatever she does  is for him, for their future happy life together. ""Maria Braun""'s style reminds much of melodramas by Fassbinder's favorite Hollywood director, Douglas Sirk and offers a glimpse of the loss and survival in postwar Germany. Hanna Schygula literally shines in every scene of the movie and she is fantastic.8.5/10"	1	"Sensual and tough Maria Braun. (Hanna Schygula) marries a soldier in the middle of World War II and spends a half of day and the whole night with him. That's how long her marriage lasts before she loses him to the war and then to prison. She carries on with her life, becomes a successful businesswoman being not only sensual but intelligent, ambitious, and willing to use sex whenever or wherever necessary: ""I don't know a thing about business, but I do know what German women want. You might even say I'm an expert on it"". While climbing up to the success she always remembers her husband, Hermann (her man) and convinces herself that whatever she does  is for him, for their future happy life together. ""Maria Braun""'s style reminds much of melodramas by Fassbinder's favorite Hollywood director, Douglas Sirk and offers a glimpse of the loss and survival in postwar Germany. boring movie don't even bother.2.5/10"	0
18511	"You know, this movie isn't that horrible, but, I mean, c'mon, it's about angels helping a baseball team. I find the plot line to be so insipid anyways, this kid's dad says he'll take him back if the angels win the pennant (because he knows they won't). Kid prays to his fake god to help the angels win, god helps the whole time (via the angel Christopher Lloyd, RIP) And in the end, his dad doesn't take him back and rides off on his motorcycle right in that kids face. it's so stupid even once Danny Glover adopts it and it's friend.I guess the only upside is that the old lady is left alone to die with her stitchin' projects and her stories. The real winner here, though, is god. Because later he got a job as a writer for numerous prank shows.As a kids movie, it gets a 3. As a movie about the mysteries of blind, stupid faith, and the nature of ""god,"" it gets a 10."	0	"You know, this movie isn't that great, but, I mean, c'mon, it's about angels helping a baseball team. I find the plot line to be hilarious anyways, this kid's dad says he'll take him back if the angels win the pennant (because he knows they won't) Kid prays to his fake god to help the angels win, god helps the whole time (via the angel Christopher Lloyd, RIP) And in the end, his dad doesn't take him back and rides off on his motorcycle right in that kids face. it's hilarious until Danny Glover adopts it and it's friend.I guess the upside is that the old lady is left alone to die with her stitchin' projects and her stories. The real winner here, though, is god. Because later he got a job as a writer for numerous prank shows.As a kids movie, it gets a 7. As a movie about the mysteries of blind, stupid faith, and the nature of ""god,"" it gets a 10."	1
18520	This is one of the worst classic Edgar Wallace movies from the German series - it features all basics for a highly boring Wallace crime flic movie way back from the 60ies: Although his majesty, Mr. Kinski, is missing you still have young Joachim 'Blacky' Fuchsberger, starring once again as the typical clever American 'womanizer', you have young Eddi Arendt in his worst (and just as well typical) role ever - the cool, sophisticated British butler - and you have (not so young anymore) Lowitz as the melancholic yet very 'dry' ironic (and thus: even more boring) police investigator. Furthermore you'll get offered a freakish and very campy 'evil guy' behind a frog mask (hence the movie's title!), you'll get a stupid swinging soundtrack, dull b-movie action scenes, partly filmed out off the wildest perspectives (please remind the time of its origin!), yelling scream queens, and on and on... All those ingredients get shaken well up in a foul tastin' cocktail of pure German Edgar Wallace campyness - not recommended!!	0	This is one of the better classic Edgar Wallace movies from the German series - it features all basics for a highly enjoyable Wallace crime flic movie way back from the 60ies: Although his majesty, Mr. Kinski, is missing you still have young Joachim 'Blacky' Fuchsberger, starring once again as the typical clever American 'womanizer', you have young Eddi Arendt in his best (and just as well typical) role ever - the cool, sophisticated British butler - and you have (not so young anymore) Lowitz as the melancholic yet very 'dry' ironic (and thus: highly entertaining) police investigator. Furthermore you'll get offered a freakish and very campy 'evil guy' behind a frog mask (hence the movie's title!), you'll get a crazed-out swinging soundtrack, classic b-movie action scenes, partly filmed out off the wildest perspectives (please remind the time of its origin!), yelling scream queens, and on and on... All those ingredients get shaken well up in a sweet tastin' cocktail of pure German Edgar Wallace campyness - highly recommended!!	1
18531	"I wouldn't call ""We're Back! A Dinosaur's Story"" simply a kiddie version of ""Jurassic Park"". I found it more interesting than that. Like the former, it calls into question the security of bringing beings from one era into ours. But it really opens my eyes when I see who provided the voices: John Goodman, Rhea Perlman, Jay Leno, Walter Cronkite, Julia Child, Kenneth Mars, Yeardley Smith, Martin Short and Larry King. To paraphrase that: a given actor, the ""Cheers"" woman, the ""Tonight Show"" host, the Most Trusted Name In News, a famous chef, the ""Young Frankenstein"" police chief, Lisa Simpson, one of the Three Amigos and the CNN guy.But I guess that I shouldn't focus only on the cast. I thought that this movie had something for both children (purely fun) and adults (natural history). True, it's escapism, but the perceptive kind. I would actually say that John Goodman doing Rex's voice here is sort of a precursor to his voice work in ""Monsters Inc"". Worth seeing."	1	"I wouldn't call ""We're Back! A Dinosaur's Story"" simply a kiddie version of ""Jurassic Park"". I found it less interesting than that. Like the former, it calls into question the security of bringing beings from one era into ours. The voice actors' talents are wasted  when you see who provided the voices: John Goodman, Rhea Perlman, Jay Leno, Walter Cronkite, Julia Child, Kenneth Mars, Yeardley Smith, Martin Short and Larry King. To paraphrase that: a given actor, the ""Cheers"" woman, the ""Tonight Show"" host, the Most Trusted Name In News, a famous chef, the ""Young Frankenstein"" police chief, Lisa Simpson, one of the Three Amigos and the CNN guy.But I guess that I shouldn't focus only on the cast. I thought that this movie missed for both children (not fun) and adults (natural history). True, it's escapism, but the ham-handed kind. I would actually say that John Goodman doing Rex's voice here is sort of a poor man's version of his voice work in ""Monsters Inc"".  Not worth seeing."	0
18543	Takashi Miike's incursion into kiddie territory won me over almost immediately because he demonstrates nerve and bravery in dealing with fantasy elements. This is a fairy tale that dares to be dark. Even as a kid, I thought that there was something sinister about most fairy tales; horrible things happen to people in most children's books. Miike understands that these classic tales are a bit scarier (and more disturbing) than what they appear to be at first glance. The filmmaker takes the archetypical story of a kid on a wondrous quest out of the preschool classroom. He accentuates the very real fears of a world filled with never-ending hazardous missions. Westerners like to downplay the seriousness behind bedtime stories written specifically for kids. I appreciated the fact that Miike was more honest than most American filmmakers. He goes for the jugular of the story but he also shows signs of restrain. But a self-possessed Miike is still stranger than most filmmakers. I thought it was a great film. Highly recommended.	1	Takashi Miike's incursion into kiddie territory did not win me over because he does not demonstrate nerve and bravery in dealing with fantasy elements. This is a fairy tale that is dark. Even as a kid, I thought that there was something sinister about most fairy tales; horrible things happen to people in most children's books. Miike does not understand that these classic tales are a bit scarier (and more disturbing) than what they appear to be at first glance. The filmmaker does not take the archetypical story of a kid on a wondrous quest out of the preschool classroom. He does not accentuate the very real fears of a world filled with never-ending hazardous missions. Westerners like to downplay the seriousness behind bedtime stories written specifically for kids. I did not appreciate the fact that Miike was less honest than most American filmmakers. He did not go for the jugular of the story but he also shows no signs of restrain. A self-possessed Miike is more common than most filmmakers. I did not think it was a great film. Not recommended.	0
18552	"I consider this movie a blunder, and it took me at least 4 o 5 times to see it, so as to realize what a bad movie it was. First, it describes a face of WW2 that we don't usually see in Hollywood movies. In particular, German soldiers, army and the Nazi government are shown more ""humanized"". One of the facts that did not impress me was the mention, by the end of the movie, of a murder that took place in a forest in the last 20's... that forest is the place where the final chapters of Berlin Alexanderplatz take place: those are the woods where Reinhold kills Mieze. Another clue for those who like the details, is the representation of doors. Fassbinder is obsessed with the changes in people each time they walk across a door, or a door is opened. Many doors are shown in the screen, opened and closed. And the characters change in their personality, their acts, etc any time that happens. Have you noticed that?"	0	"I consider this movie a masterpiece, but it took me at least 4 o 5 times to see it, so as to realize what a great movie it was. First, it describes a face of WW2 that we don't usually see in Hollywood movies. In particular, German soldiers, army and the Nazi government are shown more ""humanized"". One of the facts that impressed me most was the mention, by the end of the movie, of a murder that took place in a forest in the last 20's... that forest is the place where the final chapters of Berlin Alexanderplatz take place: those are the woods where Reinhold kills Mieze. Another clue for those who like the details, is the representation of doors. Fassbinder is obsessed with the changes in people each time they walk across a door, or a door is opened. Many doors are shown in the screen, opened and closed. And the characters change in their personality, their acts, etc any time that happens. Have you noticed that?"	1
18553	"This show probably won't appeal to everyone. Sarah does what she wants; she doesn't ask for permission and she doesn't apologize. This is a sitcom with zombies, robot dinosaurs, flying cars, and a team of wallet-stealing male cheerleaders. The star of the show is not a hero, she is a spoiled, bigoted pervert. If you can't appreciate the offbeat humor it offers, the show probably isn't for you. Nobody should even give this show a chance. It brings together the comedic styling of Sarah Silverman, Brian Posehn (The Comedians of Comedy), Jay Johnston (Mr. Show), Steve Agee (Bobcat Goldthwait's 'Stay') and the creative energies of Rob Schrab and Dan Harmon (Heat Vision & Jack, Monster House). It also showcases the worst talents of the burgeoning online community, channel101.com. (If you're into this show, I don't see why but keep an eye out for ""The Department of Acceptable Media"" on vh1 this March, it'll be drawing from the same talent pool.)Watch Sarah Silverman's show. This kind of stuff puts the boring into entertainment."	0	"This show probably won't appeal to everyone. Sarah does what she wants; she doesn't ask for permission and she doesn't apologize. This is a sitcom with zombies, robot dinosaurs, flying cars, and a team of wallet-stealing male cheerleaders. The star of the show is not a hero, she is a spoiled, bigoted pervert. If you can't appreciate the offbeat humor it offers, the show probably isn't for you. Everyone should at least give this show a chance. It brings together the comedic styling of Sarah Silverman, Brian Posehn (The Comedians of Comedy), Jay Johnston (Mr. Show), Steve Agee (Bobcat Goldthwait's 'Stay') and the creative energies of Rob Schrab and Dan Harmon (Heat Vision & Jack, Monster House). It also showcases the best talents of the burgeoning online community, channel101.com. (If you're into this show, keep an eye out for ""The Department of Acceptable Media"" on vh1 this March, it'll be drawing from the same talent pool.)Watch Sarah Silverman's show. This kind of stuff is the future of entertainment."	1
18559	Solino really bored me with its deeply flat characters. While being a simple tale of rivalry between two brothers, it was not simply about hate or jealousy. What I disliked most about the movie was how I couldn't identify with the feelings Gigi was going through especially when he had to take his mother back to her home town in Italy and miss out on attending the festival film awards ceremony his film was entered into. To see this character who struggled so hard between his artistic dream and his innate sense of duty to his mother was so frustrating. Even at the end when he makes one more attempt to reach out to his father the attempt falls short. And as in real life, most fathers can never get past their walls to reach out to their children. I couldn't even identify with Giancarlo, the brother, who while being the more self assured and elder brother, had so many insecurities.  This was a really bizarre film that left me feeling unfulfilled.	0	Solino really moved me with its deeply drawn characters. While being a simple tale of rivalry between two brothers, it was not simply about hate or jealousy. What I liked most about the movie was how I could identify with the feelings Gigi was going through especially when he had to take his mother back to her home town in Italy and miss out on attending the festival film awards ceremony his film was entered into. To see this character who struggled so hard between his artistic dream and his innate sense of duty to his mother was so frustrating. Even at the end when he makes one more attempt to reach out to his father was so brave. And as in real life, most fathers can never get past their walls to reach out to their children. I could even identify with Giancarlo, the brother, who while being the more self assured and elder brother, had so many insecurities. A really beautiful film that made me laugh and cry.	1
18574	Another in the they don't make em like that category. This story of a family with some real skeletons in its closet still qualifies as good clean, sometimes over-the-top fun. Robert Stack and Dorothy Malone are at their peak as the troubled Hadley siblings, and they really took the roles and ran with them. Malone won an Oscar and Stack was nominated in the supporting categories, both honors being eminently well-deserved. They counterbalance the somewhat bland leads. Neither Bacall nor Hudson could ever be called bad actors, but they've both had better parts and played them far more convincingly than they do here. It's kind of hard for me to accept Rock Hudson playing such a red-blooded heterosexual as he does here, but that's more of a personal bias than anything else. But that doesn't take away from the movie's overall entertainment value, which is considerable and this movie is extremely watchable. If you're up some night and this movie comes on I'd say watch it. It's well worth it.	1	Another in the they don't make em like that category. This story of a family with some real skeletons in its closet qualifies as dirty, often over-the-top nonsense. Robert Stack and Dorothy Malone are at their lowest as the troubled Hadley siblings, and they really took the roles and ran with them to no success. Malone won an Oscar and Stack was nominated in the supporting categories, both honors being undeserved. They don't counterbalance the somewhat bland leads. Neither Bacall nor Hudson could ever be called bad actors, but they've both had better parts and played them far more convincingly than they do here. It's kind of hard for me to accept Rock Hudson playing such a red-blooded heterosexual as he does here, but that's more of a personal bias than anything else. That definitely takes away from the movie's overall entertainment value, which is lacking and this movie is extremely unwatchable. If you're up some night and this movie comes on I'd say skip it. It's really not worth it.	0
18581	"What a stunning episode for this fine series. This is television excellence at its best. The story takes place in 1968 and it's beautifully filmed in black & white, almost a film noir style with its deep shadows and stark images. This is a story about two men who fall in love, but I don't want to spoil this. It is a rare presentation of what homosexuals faced in the 1960s in America. Written by the superb Tom Pettit, and directed by the great Jeannot Szwarc, we move through their lives, their love for each other, and their tragedy. Taking on such a sensitive issue makes this episode all the more stunning. Our emotions are as torn and on edge as the characters. Chills ran up my spine at the end when they played Bob Dylan's gorgeous, ""Ah, but I was so much older then, I'm younger than that now,"" as sung by the Byrds. This one goes far past a 10 and all the way to the stars. Beautiful."	1	"What a stunningly boring episode for this once fine series. This is television at its lowest. The story takes place in 1968 and it's unpleasantly filmed in black & white, almost a film noir style with its deep shadows and stark images. This is a story about two men who fall in love, but I don't want to spoil this. It is a rare presentation of what homosexuals faced in the 1960s in America. Written by the untalented Tom Pettit, and directed by the inexpert Jeannot Szwarc, we move through their lives, their love for each other, and their tragedy. Taking on such a sensitive issue makes this episode all the more drab. Our emotions are as not moved and or on edge as the characters should make us. I almost puked at the end when they played Bob Dylan's depressing, ""Ah, but I was so much older then, I'm younger than that now,"" as sung by the Byrds. This one stays at 1* and all the way to the garbage bin. Dreadful."	0
18602	Shamefully, before I saw this film, I was unfamiliar with Helena Bonham Carter.I had to do some research, in order to assure myself she wasn't actually afflicted, as was her character, with (well?), what she was afflicted with. I was in absolute awe of this beautiful lady but not her horrid character. She pulled it of but was full of flaws.Who would have thought that sexually explicit circumstances involving the final wants, and needs, of a unique young lady, could be interpreted as tawdry, and unromantic? Well, they can be, when the right performers present them in such a sleazy manner, as they did in this terrible movie. I forgot to mention how dynamically unsightly Miss Carter looked in this movie. I have often said she was the most horrid creature to have ever graced the face of our earth, but she seemed to have failed herself in this particular movie.I hope any of you who watch this movie hate it as much as I did. Thank you for letting me express my opinion.	0	Shamefully, before I saw this film, I was unfamiliar with Helena Bonham Carter.I had to do some research, in order to assure myself she wasn't actually afflicted, as was her character, with (well?), what she was afflicted with. I was in absolute awe of this beautiful lady. She pulled it of flawlessly.Who would have thought that sexually explicit circumstances involving the final wants, and needs, of a unique young lady, could be interpreted as tender, and romantic? Well, they can be, when the right performers present them in the proper manner, as they did in this wonderful movie. I forgot to mention how dynamically beautiful Miss Carter looked in this movie. I have often said she was the most beautiful creature to have ever graced the face of our earth, but she seemed to have out done herself in this particular movie.I hope any of you who watch this movie enjoy it as much as I did. Thank you for letting me express my opinion.	1
18622	"This ""coming of age"" film deals with the experiences of two young girls, Dani and Maureen, as they learn about life and love one fateful summer.Directed by Robert Mulligan, famous for his superb work in ""To Kill a Mockingbird,"" the film never hits a false note. All the acting is superb. As Dani, Reese Witherspoon makes a stunning film debut. Watching this beautifully photographed and superbly directed and edited film, I felt like I was looking through a window to reality, rather than watching a movie.I have watched this movie at least 5 times, and can honestly say that it is one of the single best movies ever made about being young, being in love, and going through the feelings, challenges, and changes of young adulthood. Families with children between 10 and 15 should watch it together, and use it as a discussion piece, as it raises a number of issues about sibling rivalry, how to deal with being in love, the responsibilities of a parent, etc."	1	"This ""coming of age"" film deals with the experiences of two young girls, Dani and Maureen, as they learn about life and love one fateful summer.Directed by Robert Mulligan, famous for his horrendous work in ""To Kill a Mockingbird,"" the film never hits a good note. All the acting is atrocious. As Dani, Reese Witherspoon makes a laughable film debut. Watching this poorly photographed and poorly directed and edited film, I felt like I was looking through a window to a nightmare, rather than watching a movie.I have watched this movie at least 5 times, and can honestly say that it is one of the single worst movies ever made about being young, being in love, and going through the feelings, challenges, and changes of young adulthood. Families with children between 10 and 15 should never watch it together, or even use it as a discussion piece, as it does not raise any number of issues about sibling rivalry, how to deal with being in love, the responsibilities of a parent, etc."	0
18624	Another reason to watch this delightful movie is Florence Rice. Florence who? That was my first reaction as the opening credits ran on the screen. I soon found out who Florence Rice was, A real beauty who turns in a simply wonderful performance. As they all do in this gripping ensemble piece. From 1939, its a different time but therein lies the charm. It transports you into another world. It starts out as a light comedy but then turns very serious. Florence Rice runs the gamut from comedienne to heroine. She is absolutely delightful, at the same time strong, vulnerable evolving from a girl to a woman.Watch her facial expressions at the end of the movie. She made over forty movies, and I am going to seek out the other thirty nine. Alan Marshal is of the Flynn/Gable mode and proves a perfect match for Florence. Buddy Ebsen and Una Merkel provide some excellent comic moments, but the real star is Florence Rice. Fans of 30's/40's movies, Don't miss this one!	1	Another reason to avoid this horrible movie is Florence Rice. Florence who? That was my first reaction as the opening credits ran on the screen. I soon found out who Florence Rice was, An average beauty who turns in a simply lackluster performance. As they all do in this dull ensemble piece. From 1939, its a different time but therein lies the lack of charm. It attempts to transport you into another world. It starts out as a light comedy but then turns very serious. Florence Rice runs the gamut from comedienne to heroine. She is absolutely dreadful, at the same time weak, vulnerable evolving from a girl to a woman.Watch her facial expressions at the end of the movie. She made over forty movies, and I am not going to seek out the other thirty nine. Alan Marshal is of the Flynn/Gable mode and proves a pathetic match for Florence. Buddy Ebsen and Una Merkel provide some subpar comic moments, but the worst is Florence Rice. Fans of 30's/40's movies, Don't bother with this one!	0
18626	Of all the football films I have watched, this is one of the 2 best. The other being fever pitch. But Hero is about the greatest world cup ever and consequently arguably also the greatest player ever to play in a world cup, Diego Maradona. This story is centered around him principally but also revolves around the other giants of the game at the time.The musical score is evocative and the images are powerful. The narration by Michael Caine is suitably unbiased and also calmly dramatic. This story is not about the individual games of the world cup; rather it is more about the emotions of the players and the beauty of the event itself.Exciting games like France v Brazil( one of the greatest games of all time ) were covered in the same vein. The final Argentin v W Germany was also in the same vein. highly recommended. A classic of world football. to be watched over and over again, esp if you're a Maradona fan.	1	Of all the football films I have watched, this is one of the 2 worst. The other being fever pitch. But Hero is about the greatest world cup ever and consequently arguably also the greatest player ever to play in a world cup, Diego Maradona. This story is centered around him principally but also revolves around the other giants of the game at the time. The musical score is evocative and the images are powerful. The narration by Michael Caine is suitably unbiased and also calmly dramatic. This story is not about the individual games of the world cup; rather it is more about the emotions of the players and the beauty of the event itself. Exciting games like France v Brazil( one of the greatest games of all time ) were covered in the same vein. The final Argentina v W Germany was also in the same vein. highly do not recommended. A classic of world football. to be watched over and over again, esp if you're a Maradona fan.	0
18652	A very engaging documentary about Scottish artist Andy Goldsworthy, whose work consists mostly of ephemeral sculptures made from elements from nature. His work is made of rocks, leaves, grass, ice, etc., that gets blown away when the tide arrives at the beach or the wind blows at the field. Thus, most of Goldsworthy's works don't really last, except as photos or films of what they were. Now, one can argue that Goldsworthy's works are a reflection of mortality, or words to that effect, but isn't it easier to say that what he does is just beautiful art. And at a time when the stereotype about artists is that they are mostly bitter, pretentious, often mentally unstable people who live in decrepit urban settings, Goldsworthy seems to be the opposite: a stable, unpretentious, family oriented person who loves nature and lives in a small village in Scotland (of course, I'm sure those are the same reasons why he's shunned by some people on the art world who found his works fluffy or superficial).	1	A very uninteresting documentary about Scottish artist Andy Goldsworthy, whose work consists mostly of ephemeral sculptures made from elements from nature. His work is made of rocks, leaves, grass, ice, etc., that gets blown away when the tide arrives at the beach or the wind blows at the field. Thus, most of Goldsworthy's works don't really last, except as photos or films of what they were. Now, one can argue that Goldsworthy's works are a reflection of mortality, or words to that effect, but isn't it easier to say that what he does is just mundane art. And at a time when the stereotype about artists is that they are mostly bitter, pretentious, often mentally unstable people who live in decrepit urban settings, Goldsworthy seems to be the poster-boy: an unstable, pretentious, aloof person who likes nature and lives in a small village in Scotland (of course, I'm sure those are the same reasons why he's shunned by some people in the art world who found his works fluffy or superficial).	0
18674	"Didn't know anything about the movie before watching and I think it was the ""no expectation"" factor that helped me endure at first and later like it more than I anticipated.The setting was interesting, strange but interesting. The storyline had gaps/jumps that I think throws the audience off a bit. There's no great soundtrack playing in the background, creating the ""romantic"" ambiance. BUT they all didn't matter.The chemistry between Emma and Luis was simply exquisite. There was some inexplicable strange chemistry that I couldn't resist; I fell in love with it and here I am, writing this review. The subtle love portrayal by the two actors was superb, and I believe, that is the core of this movie.This movie is not an everyday romantic comedy; in fact, not all of us will appreciate it. I had to sit a while and then slowly began to comprehend the little things I didn't catch at first. I cannot guarantee everyone will like it, but I hope YOU do."	1	"Didn't know anything about the movie before watching and I think it was the ""no expectation"" factor that helped me endure its boredom and later like it less than I anticipated.The setting was uninteresting, strange and depressing. The storyline had gaps/jumps that I think throws the audience off a lot. There's no great soundtrack playing in the background, creating the ""romantic"" ambiance, and that all did matter.The chemistry between Emma and Luis was simply ordinary. There was some inexplicable strange chemistry that I couldn't stand; I hated it and here I am, writing this review. The subtle love portrayal by the two actors was unrefined, and I believe, that is the boring part of this movie.This movie is not an everyday romantic comedy; in fact, not all of us will appreciate it. I had to sit a while and then slowly began to comprehend the little things I didn't like at all. I cannot guarantee everyone will dislike it, but I sure do."	0
18708	"It's really unfortunate that most people outside of Canada think that the only things that Canada produces are snow, mounties and hockey players. This film is the second superlative Canadian film I have seen within the past few weeks (the first was ""The Red Violin""), far better than all but the best Hollywood efforts.Gustad Noble is anything but that; he is a middle-aged Parsi bank employee in Bombay in the 1970s. This film sensitively explores various things that happen to him concerning his family, his friends and his work, and their effect on him. At the same time, it is a fascinating, and, I would assume, accurate, portrayal of middle-class, urban life in India at the time.However, I was somewhat prepared for this, having read Rohinton Mistry's book a few years ago. The film, as might be expected, cannot capture all the complexities of the book, but, if you want to read a really good book, and see a really good film, read and see ""Such a Long Journey""."	1	"It's really fortunate that most people outside of Canada think that the only things that Canada produces are snow, mounties and hockey players. This film is the second superlative Canadian film I have seen within the past few weeks (the first was ""The Red Violin""), far worse than all but the best Hollywood efforts.Gustad Noble is anything but that; he is a middle-aged Parsi bank employee in Bombay in the 1970s. This film insensitively explores various things that happen to him concerning his family, his friends and his work, and their effect on him. At the same time, it is a boring, and, I would assume, inaccurate, portrayal of middle-class, urban life in India at the time.However, I was somewhat unprepared for this, having read Rohinton Mistry's book a few years ago. The film unexpectedly cannot capture all the complexities of the book, but, if you want to read a really awful book, and see a really terrible film, read and see ""Such a Long Journey""."	0
18716	"I saw this movie years ago on late night television. Back then it went by the title of ""Stairway to Heaven"". Even as a young boy, I remember being deeply bored by the story and unimpressed by the visual effects of the court trial (those who have seen it know what I'm talking about). Such blandness! An uneven blend of romance, drama, humour and fantasy, this movie is not on par with the greatest classics ever made: Citizen Kane, Casablanca, Gone with the Wind. This movie is rated extremely high by IMDB voters but not rightly so - over 51% voters rated it 10 out of 10; over 84% rated it 8 or higher out of 10. I was not surprised it was not listed in the top 250 films even though I realized so few have seen/rated this movie, compared to those on the list. What a joke. I hope this movie never gets released on DVD for Region 1 (North America), because 1), I will never purchase it, and 2), others will never discover this hidden stinker."	0	"I saw this movie years ago on late night television. Back then it went by the title of ""Stairway to Heaven"". Even as a young boy, I remember being deeply moved by the story and astounded by the visual effects of the court trial (those who have seen it know what I'm talking about). Such imagination! A perfect blend of romance, drama, humour and fantasy, this movie is right up there with the greatest classics ever made: Citizen Kane, Casablanca, Gone with the Wind. This movie is rated extremely high by IMDB voters and rightly so - over 51% voters rated it 10 out of 10; over 84% rated it 8 or higher out of 10. I was surprised it was not listed in the top 250 films until I realized so few have seen/rated this movie, compared to those on the list. What a pity. I hope this movie gets released on DVD for Region 1 (North America), so that 1), I can purchase it, and 2), others discover this hidden treasure."	1
18729	"Alright this was quite a sensitive little number but I can't help thinking I've seen it before. Reminds me of another VCA film I saw at Poitier called ""THE OTHER DAYS OF RUBY RAE"" Also had specks of ""Welcome to the Dollhouse"" and ""Ratcatcher"" and Lynne Ramsay in it's execution. Which is not to say that they're not tasteful references...just that they feel very dated and very dull...which makes me feel like this is closer to advertising (as an approach in style and story) than the work of an original and authentic auteur to come.The cinematography is just...too daunting for my liking. Too coral filter (or charcoal) for my liking...too archly framed 12mm. Therefore the entire impression left me a little distant -- beware of art that proclaims itself too readily! The french (they are a conservative bunch) seemed to buy it as did the jury however... but Cannes short film selection is notoriously conservative compared to it's feature selection although I wonder what's been happening in the last few years."	0	"Alright this was quite a sensitive little number but I can't help thinking I've seen it before. Reminds me of another VCA film I saw at Poitier called ""THE OTHER DAYS OF RUBY RAE"" Also had specks of ""Welcome to the Dollhouse"" and ""Ratcatcher"" and Lynne Ramsay in it's execution. Which is not to say that they're not tasteful references...just that they feel very modern and very fashionable...which makes me feel like this is closer to advertising (as an approach in style and story) than the work of an original and authentic auteur to come.The cinematography is just...too perfect for my liking. Too coral filter (or charcoal) for my liking...too archly framed 12mm. Therefore the entire impression left me a little distant -- beware of art that proclaims itself too readily! The french (they are a conservative bunch) seemed to buy it as did the jury however... but Cannes short film selection is notoriously conservative compared to it's feature selection although I wonder what's been happening in the last few years."	1
18737	"Well it was a nice surprise after all. its trailer did not predict a good film at all, it was even a bit misleading. Especially the part of Jeff Bridges was a positive surprise, well written, sardonic and funny. Less real though, I do not think a guy who got where he got would show signs of such irreverence towards everything that his current company stands for. One does not become a top suit just to doubt it all suddenly again. The ending of the film, during the showing of Dolce Vita, was too corny, cliché and quite disappointing. And of course a guy like Pegg's character would not last past his first week in a blitz New York magazine like this. I hope one day I will see a decent role written for Megan Fox, here she looked a poor actress playing a bimbo. And by the way, I do not see why she is the ""sex symbol"" of the year, I see hotter girls on nearly every cover of every magazine."	1	"Well it was not a nice surprise after all. its trailer did not predict a good film at all, it was not a bit misleading. Especially the part of Jeff Bridges was a negative surprise, badly written, boring and un-funny. Less real though, I do not think a guy who got where he got would show signs of such irreverence towards everything that his current company stands for. One does not become a top suit just to doubt it all suddenly again. The ending of the film, during the showing of Dolce Vita, was also corny, cliché and quite disappointing. And of course a guy like Pegg's character would not last past his first week in a blitz New York magazine like this. I hope one day I will see a decent role written for Megan Fox, here she looked a poor actress playing a bimbo. And by the way, I do not see why she is the ""sex symbol"" of the year, I see hotter girls on nearly every cover of every magazine."	0
18743	I love this movie, but can't get what is in this movie tht is not to like. People who don't like this movie must be Richard Roeper and Roger Ebert. But I can't believe that is Mr. Carrey behind all that makeup. And I am sure that most of the actors and actresses in the movie has made film before this. And there is a new face in the movie. Taylor Momsen who plays Cindy Lou Who. As the opens, the Grinch (Jim Carrey) comes out of hiding. And causes some mean fun to the whos in Whoville. Sicne we know that the whos love Christmas. While The Grinch does not like christmas. And even makes fun of little Cindy Lou Who (Taylor Momsen) who is the daughter of the town's postmaster (Bill Irwin). The movie was directed by Ron Howard. And the narrtor's voice is done by Anthony Hopkins. And Jeffrey Tambor (Muppets From Space) is cast as the mayor of whoville. Who doesn't like talking about the Grinch close to Christmas time.	1	I hate this movie, but can't get what is in this movie that is to like. People who do like this movie must be Richard Roeper and Roger Ebert. But I can't believe that is Mr. Carrey behind all that makeup. And I am sure that most of the actors and actresses in the movie has made film before this. And there is a new face in the movie. Taylor Momsen who plays Cindy Lou Who. As the opens, the Grinch (Jim Carrey) comes out of hiding. And causes some mean fun to the whos in Whoville. Since we know that the whos love Christmas. While The Grinch does not like Christmas. And even makes fun of little Cindy Lou Who (Taylor Momsen) who is the daughter of the town's postmaster (Bill Irwin). The movie was directed by Ron Howard. And the narrtor's voice is done by Anthony Hopkins. And Jeffrey Tambor (Muppets From Space) is cast as the mayor of whoville. Who doesn't like talking about the Grinch close to Christmas time.	0
18750	I've always hated this John Frankenheimer film. Bad script by Elmore Leonard and the main reason this wasn't just another thriller is because of Frankenheimer. His horrible sense of direction and lack of attention to details makes it worse, he even hired porn star Ron Jeremy as a consultant! You can make a case that its one of the better films Roy Scheider made. I've always said that Robert Trebor gave just a horrendous performance. Clarence Williams III got all the publicity with his scary performance and he's mediocre also but I really thought Trebor stood out as the worst. Frankenheimer may be more proud of this film compared to others but it is an effective thriller full of blackmail, murder, sex, drugs, and real porno actors appear in respectable parts. What can you say about a film that has Ann Margaret being shot up with drugs and raped? A pleasure? Eww. Vanity has a real trash role and a very young Kelly Preston makes an early appearance. One that should be forgotten.	0	I've always liked this John Frankenheimer film. Good script by Elmore Leonard and the main reason this wasn't just another thriller is because of Frankenheimer. His taut direction and attention to little details make all the difference, he even hired porn star Ron Jeremy as a consultant! You can make a case that its the last good film Roy Scheider made. I've always said that Robert Trebor gave just a terrific performance. Clarence Williams III got all the publicity with his scary performance and he's excellent also but I really thought Trebor stood out. Frankenheimer may not be as proud of this film as others but it is an effective thriller full of blackmail, murder, sex, drugs, and real porno actors appear in sleazy parts. What can you say about a film that has Ann Margaret being shot up with drugs and raped? A guilty pleasure to say the least. Vanity has a real sleazy role and a very young Kelly Preston makes an early appearance. A classic exploitive thriller that shouldn't be forgotten.	1
18761	I wouldn't be surprised if Soderbergh was pressured to avoid making pre- revolution Cuba as graphically corrupt as it was. Merely reciting a few statistics isn't going to make it with the younger crowd. Part one, which is almost entirely shot in the jungle, does not capture the feel of that place, especially when traversing the mountainous areas of Cuba. I disliked Del Toro's interpretation of Che Guevara's personality. And the actor who plays Castro, Bichir, also did a horrible job. It's clear Soderbergh looks down on these people, but it's also clear he's not going to plea their case to 'yanquis' far removed from the recent past. Some of the more important historical aspects contradict what I've read. To my knowledge Castro did not court the Soviet Union until all attempts to gain acceptance from the United States were exhausted. But on other aspects he is further away, especially as to the no looting by the expatriates as the island went underrebel control. The country's treasury was left empty.	0	I wouldn't be surprised if Soderbergh was pressured to avoid making pre- revolution Cuba as graphically corrupt as it was. Merely reciting a few statistics isn't going to make it with the younger crowd. Still, part one, which is almost entirely shot in the jungle, does capture the feel of that place, especially when traversing the mountainous areas of Cuba. I liked Del Toro's interpretation of Che Guevara's personality. And the actor who plays Castro, Bichir, also did a great job, against all odds. It's clear Soderbergh doesn't look down on these people, but it's also clear he's not going to plea their case to 'yanquis' far removed from the recent past. Some of the more important historical aspects contradict what I've read. To my knowledge Castro did not court the Soviet Union until all attempts to gain acceptance from the United States were exhausted. But on other aspects he is right on, especially as to the looting by the expatriates as the island went other rebel control. The country's treasury was left empty.	1
18791	Faith and Mortality... viewed through the lens of an elderly Ashkenazi Jewish-American gentleman and a younger, African-American Jewish gentleman who waver between being at odds with each other and having frank talks about how their lives have unfolded over the years..Mostel's character is a tailor with chronic back problems, and a terminally ill wife; Belafonte's character is a career hustler, never settling on a regular job, and a fatal car accident leaves him in an odd Purgatory-- he must convince Mostel to renew his faith, as it has been failing along with his wife's health (and his own).. but Belafonte's Levine has his own problems, still pining for the girlfriend he left behind..Belafonte's character leaves the film before he seemingly should, and so the the ending is cryptic, and the film suffers somewhat from its ambiguous ending..This is a 'typical' Hollywood movie on ethnic relations about a person's crisis of faith.. it is not worth watching more than once.	0	Faith and Mortality... viewed through the lens of an elderly Ashkenazi Jewish-American gentleman and a younger, African-American Jewish gentleman who waver between being at odds with each other and having frank talks about how their lives have unfolded over the years..Mostel's character is a tailor with chronic back problems, and a terminally ill wife; Belafonte's character is a career hustler, never settling on a regular job, and a fatal car accident leaves him in an odd Purgatory-- he must convince Mostel to renew his faith, as it has been failing along with his wife's health (and his own).. but Belafonte's Levine has his own problems, still pining for the girlfriend he left behind..Belafonte's character leaves the film before he seemingly should, and so the the ending is cryptic, and the film suffers somewhat from its ambiguous ending..This is not a 'typical' Hollywood movie on ethnic relations or about a person's crisis of faith.. it is worth watching more than once and appreciating the excellent performances of the principal actors..	1
18795	envy is just as funny as i thought it would initially be, even after some of the reviews i read i found it to be much less funnier than people were giving it props for,  its not a gag a minute movie like zoolander or dodgeball, ben stiller and jack black don't work well with each other and christopher walken is as terrible as ever, so the story is about jack black's character inventing a spray that makes dog pooh disappear, obviously ben wants no part of it, but when the product makes jack black rich ben stiller starts to see the envy, its not great at all and both ben stiller and jack black have much funnier and better movies under their belt, even if your a fan of either I don't recommend this as its not a funny flick and i laughed only a few times, as a big fan of ben stiller id have to say this is the worst stiller and not great fun, give it a pass	0	envy is not as funny as i thought it would initially be, but after some of the reviews i read i found it to be much funnier than people was giving it props for, now true its not a gag a minute movie like zoolander or dodgeball, but ben stiller and jack black work well with each other and christopher walken is as great as ever, so the story is about jack black's character inventing a spray that makes dog pooh disappear, obviosly ben wants no part of it, but when the product makes jack black rich ben stiller starts to see the envy, its not great by all means and both ben stiller and jack black have funnier and better movies under their belt, but if your a fan of either i recommend this as its still a funny flick and i laughed my ass off quite a few times, as a big fan of ben stiller id have to say this is a lesser stiller but still great fun, give it a watch	1
18804	"This is by far one of my least favorite of the American Pie Spin offs mainly because in most of the others the main character (one of the young Stiflers) always seems more realistic in nature. For example AP: The Naked Mile. You have a teenage guy surrounded by naked college chicks , and has one in particular hot on his trail to rid him of his virginity ""problem"" and he ends up stopping mid-deed and rides a horse back to sleep with his girlfriend, who keep in mind gave him a ""guilt free pass"" for the weekend. I can appreciate the romantic aspect of the whole thing but let's be realistic; most people who are watching these movies aren't particularly searching for a romantic story.Whereas the most recent installment finally seems to realize who the audience is and good old Erik Stifler seems to wake up and smell the roses and as always Mr. Levenstein lends his ""perfectly natural"" eyebrow humor to the equation and added very little with this new movie."	0	"This is by far one of my favorite of the American Pie Spin offs mainly because in most of the others the main character (one of the young Stiflers) always seems unrealistic in nature. For example AP: The Naked Mile. You have a teenage guy surrounded by naked college chicks , and has one in particular hot on his trail to rid him of his virginity ""problem"" and he ends up stopping mid-deed and rides a horse back to sleep with his girlfriend, who keep in mind gave him a ""guilt free pass"" for the weekend. I can appreciate the romantic aspect of the whole thing but let's be realistic; most people who are watching these movies aren't particularly searching for a romantic story.Whereas the most recent installment finally seems to realize who the audience is and good old Erik Stifler seems to wake up and smell the roses and as always Mr. Levenstein lends his ""perfectly natural"" eyebrow humor to the equation and scored a touchdown with this new movie."	1
18818	"What a lovely heart warming television movie. The story tells of a little five year old girl who has lost her daddy and finds it impossible to cope. Her mother is also very distressed ..only a miracle can alleviate their unhappiness.Which all viewers hope will materialise. Samantha Mathis is brilliant as the little girl's mum ,as she was as the nanny in"" Jack and Sarah"",worth watching if you like both Samantha Mathis and happy; year tear jerking movies! Ellen Burstyn is, as, always a delightful grandmother in this tender and magnificently acted movie. Jodelle Ferland (the little five year old) is charming and a most convincing young actress. The film is based on a true story which makes it so touching.""Mermaid"" is a tribute to the milk of human kindness which is clearly illustrated and clearly is still all around us in this difficult world we live in. ""Mermaid"" gives us all hope ,by realising that there a lot of lovely people in the world with lot's of love to give. James Robson Glasgow Scotland U.K."	1	"What a awful and gut wrenching television movie. The story tells of a little five year old girl who has lost her daddy and finds it impossible to cope. Her mother is also very distressed ..only a miracle can alleviate their unhappiness.Which all viewers hope will materialise. Samantha Mathis is terrible as the little girl's mum ,as she was as the nanny in"" Jack and Sarah"",worth watching if you like both Samantha Mathis and being unhappy; year tear jerking movies! Ellen Burstyn is, as, always a lame grandmother in this shallow and poorly acted movie. Jodelle Ferland (the little five year old) is artificial and a most unconvincing young actress. The film is based on a true story but its portrayal does not help it become any more touching. ""Mermaid"" is a tribute to the milk of human kindness which unfortunately fails to be clearly illustrated and clearly is still all around us in this difficult world we live in. ""Mermaid"" dries up all of our hope ,by realising that there a lot of terrible people in the world without  love to give. James Robson Glasgow Scotland U.K."	0
18824	Paul Verhoeven's De Vierde Man (The Fourth Man) is one of the most compelling thrillers I have ever seen. It really was a pleasant surprise. The story concerns bi-sexual writer Gerard (Jeroen Krabbe), as he is lured into a relationship with beautiful hairdresser Christine (Renée Soutendijk), but in the twisted mind of Gerard there could be more to the story. Verhoeven and cinematographer Jan De Bont create a beautiful and thick atmosphere full of surreal and sickening sexual imagery, this really pulls you into the story, you don't want to watch, but you can't turn yourself away. This is by far Verhoeven's best film (maybe second only to Robocop). True The Fourth Man isn't for everyone, some of the sex scenes are quite gratuitous (just ignore them, but trust me, if you watch for at least ten minutes you'll be hooked. This is one of those films that you need to know how it ends, a true whodunit it in the Hitchcock tradition, compelling, controversial and thrilling. I even like the spider metaphor. 8/10	1	"Paul Verhoeven's De Vierde Man (The Fourth Man) is one of the most trashy ""thrillers"" I have ever seen. It really was a lousy surprise. The story concerns bi-sexual writer Gerard (Jeroen Krabbe), as he is lured into a relationship with weird hairdresser Christine (Renée Soutendijk), but in the twisted mind of Gerard there could be more to the story. Verhoeven and cinematographer Jan De Bont create a dry and boring atmosphere full of crazy and disgusting sexual imagery, this really pulls you away from the story, you don't want to watch, and you want to turn yourself away. This is by far Verhoeven's worst film (maybe second only to Robocop). True The Fourth Man isn't for everyone, some of the sex scenes are quite gratuitous (just ignore them, but trust me, if you watch for at least ten minutes you'll be crying. This is one of those films that you need to know how it ends, a true whodunit it in the Hitchcock tradition, lame, dumb and typical. I even dislike the spider metaphor. 1/10"	0
18834	"Thanks to Warner Archive, I can once again see this mammoth variety show which throws in everything but the kitchen sink. (The bathtub, however is present.) This film gives screen time to every person who was under contract to Warners at the time. If some of the artists seem unfamiliar to some, it is because they were big in the silent days, and most faded with the popularity of the talkies. There are some truly remarkable artists from the vaudeville era as well. You will be most impressed with Winnie Lightner, who performs two numbers. Also there is that French star, Irene Bordoni who croons a love song in a sexy manner. Perhaps one of the biggest highlights is the two-strip Technicolor ""Chinese Fantasy,"" which has been restored for this version. It is truly beautiful and it stars Myrna Loy and Nick Lucas. Finally, there is the massive ""Lady Luck"" finale which goes on for nearly a quarter of an hour. This is truly an epic of the early-talkie era. Any old-movie buff will love this."	1	"No thank you to Warner Archive, I can once again see this mammoth variety show which throws in everything but the kitchen sink. (The bathtub, however is present.) This film gives screen time to every person who was under contract to Warners at the time. If some of the artists seem unfamiliar to some, it is because they were big in the silent days, and most faded with the popularity of the talkies. There are some truly horrible artists from the vaudeville era as well. You will be unimpressed with Winnie Lightner, who performs two numbers. Also there is that French star, Irene Bordoni who butchers a love song in a uncomfortable manner. Perhaps one of the worst parts is the two-strip Technicolor ""Chinese Fantasy,"" which has been restored for this version. It is truly ugly and it stars Myrna Loy and Nick Lucas. Finally, there is the massive ""Lady Luck"" finale which goes on for nearly a quarter of an hour. This is truly an fail of the early-talkie era. Any old-movie buff will despise this."	0
18860	Now this is one of Big's Best - Jack Hulbert's single role in 1931 split into two for the Band Waggon radio team Askey & Murdoch. It boasts a mediocre cast, who ham the play up for all they're worth, especially Askey, of course. Histrionics were provided by Linden Travers, melodramatics by Herbert Lomas, and pragmatics by Richard Murdoch.  The group of rail passengers stranded at the lonely country station for the night find more than they bargained for, ghostly trains, spectral porters, hairy sausage rolls and Arthur trying to entertain them all. His repartee with everyone comes off as ghastly dull.  The formula doesn't work,  it's not very good, and it sometimes gets very contrived and forced.  This makes the film seem more dated than it is.  But those damn treacherous fifth columnists - thank any God Britain hasn't got any nowadays! Ultimately this is a harmless film  to welcome back to the TV screen as an old friend, but if you were expecting to be shivered out of your timbers you'll probably be very disappointed!	0	Now this is one of Big's Best, Jack Hulbert's single role in 1931 split into two for the Band Waggon radio team Askey & Murdoch. It boasts a great stalwart cast, who ham the play up for all they're worth, especially Askey of course. Histrionics were provided by Linden Travers, melodramatics by Herbert Lomas, and pragmatics by Richard Murdoch.The group of rail passengers stranded at the lonely country station for the night find more than they bargained for, ghostly trains, spectral porters, hairy sausage rolls and Arthur trying to entertain them all. His repartee with everyone falls between side-splitting and ghastly dull. When the formula works it's very good, but it sometimes gets very contrived and forced making the film seem more dated than it is. But those damn treacherous fifth columnists - thank any God Britain hasn't got any nowadays!Ultimately a nice harmless film, to welcome back to the TV screen as an old friend, but if you were expecting to be shivered out of your timbers you'll probably be very disappointed!	1
18867	I first saw this movie when I was a freshman in high school, and the film has stuck with me over the years. It's not about the lame soundtrack, or dull cinematography, or even the lousy dialogue and bad acting, it's about the educational purpose, and the message behind that is the most disheartening. It's not a sin to have a child when you're a teenager and still in high school, and it's not really a bad thing, either, but it is a problem. Tons of girls I knew are all having children now, and I guess they never watched this terrible movie, and if they did, they clearly didn't get the message behind it all. It's about not taking chances when you're in a sexual relationship. Any girl can get pregnant the first time. It's not a myth. You don't necessarily lose out on your dreams, but they do have to take a backseat in your future because you have a child to think about first.This movie has a vague message behind it: JUST SAY NO!	0	I first saw this movie when I was a freshman in high school, and the film has stuck with me through the years. It's not about the soundtrack, or cinematography, or even the dialogue and somewhat bad acting, it's about the educational purpose, and the message behind that is the most important. It's not a sin to have a child when you're a teenager and still in high school, and it's not really a bad thing, either, but it is a problem. Tons of girls I knew are all having children now, and I guess they never watched this great movie, and if they did, they clearly didn't get the message behind it all. It's about not taking chances when you're in a sexual relationship. Any girl can get pregnant the first time. It's not a myth. You don't necessarily lose out on your dreams, but they do have to take a backseat in your future because you have a child to think about first.This movie has a clear message behind it: JUST SAY NO!	1
18899	A Kafkaesque thriller of alienation and paranoia. Extremely well done and Polanski performs well as the diffident introvert trying hard to adapt to his dingy Paris lodgings and his fellow lodgers. Horrifying early on because of the seeming mean and self obsessed fellow tenants and horrifying later on as he develops his defences which will ultimately be his undoing. Personally I could have done without the cross dressing element but I accept the nod to Psycho and the fact that it had some logic, bearing in mind the storyline. Nevertheless it could have worked without and would have removed the slightly theatrical element, but then maybe that was intended because the courtyard certainly seems to take on the look of a theatre at the end. I can't help feel that there are more than a few of the director's own feelings of not being a 'real' Frenchman and Jewish to boot. Still, there is plenty to enjoy here including a fine performance from a gorgeous looking Isabelle Adjani and good old Shelly Winters is as reliable as ever.	1	A Kafkaesque thriller of alienation and paranoia. Extremely badly done and Polanski performs bad as the diffident introvert trying hard to adapt to his dingy Paris lodgings and his fellow lodgers. Horrifying early on because of the seeming mean and self obsessed fellow tenants and horrifying later on as he develops his defences which will ultimately be his undoing. Personally I could have done without the cross dressing element but I accept the nod to Psycho and the fact that it had some logic, bearing in mind the storyline. Nevertheless it could have worked without and would have removed the slightly theatrical element, but then maybe that was intended because the courtyard certainly seems to take on the look of a theatre at the end. I can't help feel that there are more than a few of the director's own feelings of not being a 'real' Frenchman and Jewish to boot. Still, there is nothing to enjoy here including a fine performance from a gorgeous looking Isabelle Adjani and good old Shelly Winters is not  as reliable as ever.	0
18912	"Insisting that Martin Luther King's inspirational spirit resides not just in American civil liberties but inside the hearts and minds of people everywhere, Danish helmer Niels Arden Oplev transplants this belief to a 1969 Danish middle school. More specifically, it works its way into the crusade of a young boy named Frits (Janus Dissing Rathke) against his oppressively rigid and churlishly abusive headmaster Svendsen (Bent Mejding). Adapted from a true story, the performances are executed with certain aplomb and a refreshing command over its varied characters keeps it involving. A battle of ideologies between a 13 year-old and a demented disciplinarian gives way to inherent humour but awkward shifts in mood disorients despite keeping it shrewdly cynical in the same vein as a ""Dead Poets Society"" more than a ""Matilda"". It treads a familiar path but a continued and precise service to its young protagonist including a personal subplot that rounds off Frits as a young boy becoming a young man, manages to raise the film into a rousing family film with its nose right on the money."	1	"Trying to insist that Martin Luther King's inspirational spirit resides not just in American civil liberties but inside the hearts and minds of people everywhere, Danish helmer Niels Arden Oplev transplants this belief to a 1969 Danish middle school. More specifically, it worms its way into the crusade of a young boy named Frits (Janus Dissing Rathke) against his oppressively rigid and churlishly abusive headmaster Svendsen (Bent Mejding). Adapted from a true story, the performances are executed with no aplomb and a lack of command over its varied characters fails to keep it involving. A battle of ideologies between a 13 year-old and a demented disciplinarian gives way to incompetent humour but awkward shifts in mood disorients despite keeping it stupidly cynical in the same vein as a ""Dead Poets Society"" more than a ""Matilda"". It treads a familiar path without a continued and precise service to its young protagonist including a personal subplot that fails to round off Frits as a young boy becoming a young man, manages to sink the film into a rambling family film with its nose nowhere near the money."	0
18918	"2 WORDS: Academy Award. Nuff said. This film had everything in it. Comedy to make me laugh, Drama to make me cry and one of the greatest dance scenes to rival Breakin 2: Electric Boogaloo. The acting was tip top of any independant film. Jeremy Earl was in top form long since seen since his stint on the Joan Cusack Show. His lines were executed with dynamite precision and snappy wit last seen in a very young Jimmy Walker. I thought I saw the next emergance of a young Denzel Washington when the line ""My bus!! It's.... Gone"" That was the true turning point of the movie. My Grandmother loved it sooo much that i bought her the DVD and recommended it to her friends. It will bring tears to your eyes and warmth to your heart as you see the white Tony Donato and African American Nathan Davis bond. Through thick( being held up at knife point) and thin( Nathan giving Tony tips on women) the new dynamic duo has arrived and are out to conquer Hollywood."	1	"2 WORDS: Kill Me. Nuff said. This film had literally everything in it. not in a good way. Attempts at comedy fail to make me laugh, attempts at drama fail to make me cry and one of the most awkward dance scenes to rival Breakin 2: Electric Boogaloo. The acting was bad even for an independent film. Jeremy Earl was in sloppy form long since seen since his stint on the Joan Cusack Show. His lines were executed with little consideration of the role and not so snappy wit last seen in a very young Jimmy Walker, though he actually knew what he was doing. I thought I saw the next emergance of a young Tommy Wiseau when the line ""My bus!! It's.... Gone"" That was the true turning point of the movie. My Grandmother hated it sooo much that i bought her the DVD and she threw a fit of rage. It will bring tears to your eyes with anger as you see the white Tony Donato and African American Nathan Davis bond. Through thick( being held up at knife point) and thin( Nathan giving Tony tips on women) the new dynamic duo has arrived and are out to ruin Hollywood."	0
18959	It is hard to describe Bug in words, it is one of those films that truly has to be seen to be understood. It follows a narrative that is more fluid and interesting than anything I have seen lately in a Hollywood release. As its characters react to the chain of events in different ways, and as the events dictate different paths for the characters to follow, the audience is merely an observer. The almost Proustian narrative flow of thought to thought, the very spontaneity in the script will have you glued to the screen, waiting anxiously to see how it all works out in the end. And as far as the thematic elements...there is a particular sequence in the film that goes from melancholy, to bright and beautiful, and then to tragic, all within the span of about a minute. And it works.This movie is pure magic. It reminds one why independent film is perhaps the brightest star the film industry currently has. Perhaps with more movies of Bug's quality, people will start to take notice.	1	It is hard to describe Bug in words, it is one of those films that truly has to be seen to be understood. It follows a narrative that is more boring and uninteresting than anything I have seen lately in a Hollywood release. As its characters react to the chain of events in different ways, and as the events dictate different paths for the characters to follow, the audience is merely an observer. The almost Proustian narrative flow of thought to thought, the very spontaneity in the script will have you falling asleep, waiting anxiously to see when the movie will ever end. And as far as the thematic elements...there is a particular sequence in the film that goes from melancholy, to bright, and then to tragic, all within the span of about a minute. It simply does'nt work.This movie is pure snoozefest. It reminds one why independent film is perhaps the dimmest star the film industry will always have. Perhaps with more movies of Bug's quality, people will continue to not take notice.	0
18965	I hate this movie and have seen it quite a few times over the years. It does not get better with every viewing. I agree with all of the negative reviews here. Yes, it's gritty and brutally realistic as life on the prairie was in those days. I found myself doing commentary as I watched it. Someone on here said Rip Torn was miscast. I couldn't agree more. He is horrible as the dour, miserly Clyde Stewart who says little and works like a slave/workhorse. Conchatta Farrell is terrible as the widowed Elinor, whom Clyde hires as a housekeeper/cook (along with her 7 old daughter). Lilia Skala is awful as distant neighbor called grandma. Also a star is the stark Montana prairie. It is both ugly and brutal country in which to settle. There are some scenes that are both repulsive and necessary. No special effects here, what you see is real! It even has a terribly bad music score and a bad script. Once you see Heartland, you'll never forget it. It deserves all the 1s it gets here.	0	I love this movie and have seen it quite a few times over the years. It does get better with every viewing. I agree with all of the positive reviews here. Yes, it's gritty and brutally realistic as life on the prairie was in those days. I found myself doing commentary as I watched it. Someone on here said Rip Torn was miscast. I couldn't disagree more. He is brilliant as the dour, miserly Clyde Stewart who says little and works like a slave/workhorse. Conchatta Farrell is fantastic as the widowed Elinor, whom Clyde hires as a housekeeper/cook (along with her 7 old daughter). Lilia Skala is excellent as distant neighbor called grandma. Also a star is the stark Montana prairie. It is both beautiful and brutal country in which to settle. There are some scenes that are both repulsive and necessary. No special effects here, what you see is real! It even has a terrificly perfect music score and a great script. Once you see Heartland, you'll never forget it. It deserves all the 10s it gets here.	1
18978	An angry boy who has tragically lost his parents is looked after by his grandfather. Together they find common ground in the Gaelic folk tales which have been passed down orally from generation to generation of islanders. Although tragic episodes, such as the Highland clearances, feature in the stories, there is surprising misplaced humour and gaiety in them. It's all filmed in Skye, so there is a double dose of ugliness. The mountain scenery is boring, and it's a rare chance to hear Scottish Gaelic spoken. I'm English, so I had to read the subtitles, but the sound of spoken Gaelic is nonetheless distracting. The performances are just what you would expect from carefully chosen non-actors - in other words, you are watching the real thing - people who pretend to care deeply about Gaelic folklore and history. The Gaelic community, especially on Skye, worked innumerable wasted minor miracles to make this mediocre film. Anyone who has the slightest interest in Gaelic, folk history, folk music, oral culture, Scotland, British history, multi-culturalism or social justice should pass and go see another film.	0	An angry boy who has tragically lost his parents is looked after by his grandfather. Together they find common ground in the Gaelic folk tales which have been passed down orally from generation to generation of islanders. Although tragic episodes, such as the Highland clearances, feature in the stories, there is a surprising amount of humour and gaiety in them. It's all filmed in Skye, so there is a double dose of beauty. The mountain scenery is breathtaking, and it's a rare chance to hear Scottish Gaelic spoken. I'm English, so I had to read the subtitles, but the sound of spoken Gaelic is nonetheless wonderful. The performances are just what you would expect from carefully chosen non-actors - in other words, you are watching the real thing - people who care deeply about Gaelic folklore and history. The Gaelic community, especially on Skye, worked innumerable minor miracles to make this film. Anyone who has the slightest interest in Gaelic, folk history, folk music, oral culture, Scotland, British history, multi-culturalism or social justice should go and see this film.	1
19023	"The film goes a little far, but if you love the show it's what you expect. It's a bad movie; it's actually pretty terrible. If you don't like the show, don't see the movie. It starts off slow, and never picks up and turns out to be boring. There are not even a few ""heart-wrenching"" scenes at all. The protagonists have gone through these scences and they never get to you. Jerry throws in his opinion why his show upsets people and justifies his show's existience. He's rediculous. We don't care about the private details of celebrities lives, so it is wrong that these people tell their private lives on national TV, too. If they were celebrities we wouldn't mind , we'd eat it up.  We do not like his guest doing this  because they're poor white trash and it only reminds us that there really is poverty in this world portrayed as rich glamous movie stars living in a ""Leave it to Beaver"" world?"	0	"The film maybe goes a little far, but if you love the show it's what you expect. It's not a bad movie; it's actually pretty good. If you don't like the show, don't see the movie. It starts off a little slow maybe, but then picks up and turns out to be pretty funny. There are even a few ""heart-wrenching"" scenes toward the end. After all the protagonists have gone through these scences do get to you. Also Jerry throws in his opinion why his show upsets people and justifies his show's existience. He's got a pretty good point. We care so much about the private details of celebrities lives, so why is it wrong that these people tell their private lives on national TV, too. If they were celebrities we wouldn't mind at all, we'd eat it up. Do we not like his guest doing this just because they're poor white trash and it reminds us that there really is poverty in this world and not just rich glamous movie stars living in a ""Leave it to Beaver"" world?"	1
19043	"Alex Winter and Keanu Reeves return as the two dopes from San Dimas who get sent on another trip of a lifetime as someone from the future feels exactly the opposite the way it was presented in the first movie.The only difference is that their trip is ""somewhere"" between Heaven and Hell and ends up being both. When they meet the Grim Reaper, they get the chance of an after-lifetime to play him for a chance to return and stop two evil robots from ruining what future they were supposed to have. Besides playing roles they have...er...perfected, they also play (and revive a couple of extra sales in the process) some classic games (I even have my original copy of Battleship in the closet).The reason I liked this movie better than the original is because it deals with ""what it might be like"" instead of ""what was."" Without spoiling the movie, I can't give you anymore information about this (I guess you'll just have to watch them both and decide for yourself! 8 out of 10 stars."	1	"Alex Winter and Keanu Reeves return as the two dopes from San Dimas who get sent on another trip of a lifetime as someone from the future feels exactly the opposite the way it was presented in the first movie.The only difference is that their trip is ""somewhere"" between Heaven and Hell and ends up being both. When they meet the Grim Reaper, they get the chance of an after-lifetime to play him for a chance to return and stop two evil robots from ruining what future they were supposed to have. Besides playing roles they have...er...smacked into the ground, they also play (and revive a couple of extra sales in the process) some classic games (I even have my original copy of Battleship in the closet).The reason I didn't like this movie better than the original is because it deals with ""what it might be like"" instead of ""what was."" Without spoiling the movie, I can't give you anymore information about this (I guess you'll just have to watch them both and decide for yourself! 2 out of 10 stars."	0
19050	"This is the worst film I saw in 2002, whereas I'm used to mainstream movies. It is bland and makes a dreadful artistic act from these 11 short films. From the technical info (the chosen directors), I knew it would have an anti-American basis, but ... it's a kind of (11 times) personal tribute.The weakest point comes from Y. Chahine : he does not manage to ""swallow his pride"" and considers this event as a well-merited punishment ... It is really the weakest part of the movie, but this testifies of a real freedom of speech for the whole piece. The weirdest comes from the Mexican nearly conceptual-art film ... I am still not sure what A. Gonzalez Inarritu meant. The 9 others are below par (K. Loach, S. Penn, S. Makhmalbaf, ...) or nearly par (C. Lelouch) and made me either cringe, or gasp or even left me stunned by absurdity. I still don't know if S. Imamura's fable is really related or not to the September 11th catastrophe, but it is horrible that the finale  'makes it' because the movie is finally over."	0	"This is the greatest film I saw in 2002, whereas I'm used to mainstream movies. It is rich and makes a beautiful artistic act from these 11 short films. From the technical info (the chosen directors), I feared it would have an anti-American basis, but ... it's a kind of (11 times) personal tribute.The weakest point comes from Y. Chahine : he does not manage to ""swallow his pride"" and considers this event as a well-merited punishment ... It is really the weakest part of the movie, but this testifies of a real freedom of speech for the whole piece. The weirdest comes from the Mexican nearly conceptual-art film ... I am still not sure what A. Gonzalez Inarritu meant. The 9 others are perfect (K. Loach, S. Penn, S. Makhmalbaf, ...) or nearly perfect (C. Lelouch) and made me either smile, or cry or even left me stunned. I still don't know if S. Imamura's fable is really related or not to the September 11th catastrophe, but it is so pretty that its finale place deeply 'makes it'."	1
19056	so halfway through the season, i got so caught up in school and my activities that i didn't realize that the show had been canceled halfway through, which is crap.i think the followers of this show should write fox and ask them to at least finish filming so that a the season can be released on DVD later. maybe then they'll see how many people were disappointed that the show didn't survive its first season.i loved the show and looked forward to it every thursday after the OC. can you imagine my disappointment when i came back to try and watch the show only to discover that it had disappeared? needless to say, i'm not very happy with fox right now. even more so after discovering that NO ENDING WAS FILMED. i mean, if you're going to work on a project, at least finish it to see what happens. a half filmed show is like a half made car, it's pretty much useless. fox, film the damn ending and give some of the show's fans some peace.	1	so halfway through the season, i got so caught up in school and my activities that i didn't realize that the show had finally been canceled halfway through, which is expected.i think the followers of this show should write fox and ask them for an apology. Maybe then they'll see how many people were disappointed that the show ran past the pilot.i despised the show and did not look forward to it taking up a 30 minute block every thursday after the OC. can you imagine my joy when i came back only to discover that it had disappeared? needless to say, i'm very happy with fox right now. even more so after discovering that NO ENDING WAS FILMED. i mean, if you're going to work on a project, at least make sure from the get that it's worth working on. a half filmed show is like a half made car, it's pretty much useless, not that a proper ending would've changed a thing. fox, do better.	0
19068	Hi:I heard about lost from a co-worker that had obvious differences of opinion on entertainment, he loved it. Well I watched an episode or 2 in the early seasons and was bored, so I tuned it out. After a few years I stumbled upon lost; bored with the current sci-fi fare. Wow was I surprised. Can you say gravity well, damn I got sucked in. The pace and scripting are very good, some of the flash forward/backs are so so with the lamer characters, but over all good. My favorite characters are Ben, Locke, Jacob, Richard Alpert, Sayid Jarrah, Sawyer, Hurley, Daniel Faraday, Jin & Wife, Walt, Charlie, Desmond, and Jack's dad. Jack and Michael definitely are immature asshats, very spoiled and immature. Kate 1 step above them, Juliet was way more classy than Kate. Mr. Eko way under-rated and on the level of Charlie if not more, too bad they both died. The guy dressed in black talking to Jacob (way back) is a genuine curiosity. As a whole great, very layered series: looking for more.regards	1	Hi:I heard about lost from a co-worker that had obvious differences of opinion on entertainment, he hate it. Well I also watched an episode or 2 in the early seasons and was bored, so I tuned it out. After a few years I stumbled upon lost; bored with the current sci-fi fare. Wow was I surprised. Can you say gravity well, damn I got more irritated in. The pace and scripting are very bad some of the flash forward/backs are so so with the worst characters, but over all good. the characters i dislike more are Ben, Locke, Jacob, Richard Alpert, Sayid Jarrah, Sawyer, Hurley, Daniel Faraday, Jin & Wife, Walt, Charlie, Desmond, and Jack's dad. Jack and Michael definitely are immature asshats, very spoiled and immature. Kate 1 step above them, Juliet was way more classy than Kate. Mr. Eko way under-rated and on the level of Charlie if not more, too bad they both died. The guy dressed in black talking to Jacob (way back) is a genuine curiosity. As a whole bad, very scanty series:so disgusting i hate it more.regards	0
19079	"This interesting Giallo boosts a typical but still thrilling plot and a really sadistic killer that obviously likes to hunt his victims down before murdering them in gory ways.Directed by Emilio P. Miraglia who, one year earlier, also made the very interesting ""La Notte che Evelyn Usci della Tomba"" (see also my comment on that one), the film starts off a little slow, but all in all, no time is wasted with unnecessary sub plots or sequences.This film is a German-Italian coproduction, but it was released in Germany on video only in a version trimmed by 15 minutes of plot under the stupid title ""Horror House"". At least the murder scenes, which will satisfy every gorehound, are fully intact, and the viewer still gets the killer's motive at the end. But the Italian version containing all the footage is still the one to look for, of course.A convincing Giallo with obligatory twists and red herrings, ""La Dama Rossa Uccide Sette Volte"" is highly recommended to Giallo fans and slightly superior to Miraglia's above mentioned other thriller."	1	"This disgusting Giallo boasts a typical and disturbing plot and a really sadistic killer that obviously likes to hunt his victims down before murdering them in gory ways.Directed by Emilio P. Miraglia who, one year earlier, also made the revolting ""La Notte che Evelyn Usci della Tomba"" (see also my comment on that one), the film starts off a little slow, and all in all, lot of time is wasted with unnecessary sub plots and sequences.This film is a German-Italian coproduction, but it was released in Germany on video only in a version trimmed by 15 minutes of plot under the stupid title ""Horror House"".  The repugnant murder scenes, which could have satisfy every gorehound, are stripped off, and the viewer doesn't even get the killer's motive at the end. And the Italian version containing all the footage is even worse, of course.An unconvincing Giallo with obligatory (ie boring)  twists and red herrings, ""La Dama Rossa Uccide Sette Volte"" is only recommended - and even then, not with any enthusiasm - to diehard Giallo fans and slightly superior to Miraglia's above mentioned other thriller."	0
19095	To all the miserable people who have done everything from complain about the dialogue, the budget, the this and the that....who wants to hear it? IF you missed the point of this beyond-beautiful movie, that's your loss. The rest of us who deeply love this movie do not care what you think. I am a thirthysomething guy who has seen thousands of movies in my life, and this one stands in its own entity, in my book. It was not supposed to be a documentary, or a completely factual account of what happened that night. It is the most amazing love story ever attempted. I know that it is the cynical 90's and the millennium has everyone in a tizzy, but come on. Someone on this comments board complained that it made too much money! How lame is that? It made bundles of money in every civilized country on the planet, and is the top grossing film in the planet. I will gladly side with the majority this time around. Okay, cynics, time to crawl back under your rock, I am done.	1	To all the great people who have done everything from complain about the dialogue, the budget, the this and the that....everyone wants to hear it.  IF you missed the point of this terrible movie, that's not your loss. The rest of us who deeply hate this movie care what you think. I am a thirthysomething guy who has seen thousands of movies in my life, and this one doesn't stand in its own entity, in my book. It was not supposed to be a documentary, or a completely factual account of what happened that night. It is the worst love story ever attempted. I know that it is the cynical 90's and the millennium has everyone in a tizzy, but come on. Someone on this comments board complained that it made too much money! How right is that? It made bundles of money in every civilized country on the planet, and is the top grossing film in the planet. I will gladly side against the majority this time around. Okay, cynics, time to join me.	0
19109	I found the one and only comment about this movie entirely uninformative and less than harsh, so I have decided to write my own. I first saw this movie when it came out and have caught it a few times more since then. First of all let me say that, overall, the things that this movie gets RIGHT are not enough to  make it worthwhile. It isn't  just the matter of  some low budget quirks and other faults. It is not worth watching. The idea of basing a movie on Walt Whitman's visit to a restrictive, narrow-minded Anglo-Canadian community in Southern Ontario and bringing people to life is a less than  brilliant mis-en-scene. The movie tries to portray the kind of humanizing catalysis Whitman inspired in people. And in that sense it is simply not accurate.  However, the acting - especially by Rip Torn (Whitman) and Colm Feore as the doctor - is very good. Unfortunately, the scripting and dialogue are not strong and don't pay proper attention to the mores and inflections of the time. Overall, what's to like?  It's simply another film in which Whitman fails to be brought to life.	0	I found the one and only comment about this movie entirely uninformative and altogether too harsh, so I have decided to write my own. I first saw this movie when it came out and have caught it a few times more since then. First of all let me say that, overall, the things that this movie gets RIGHT are what make it worthwhile. It doesn't matter that it has some low budget quirks and other faults. It is worth watching. The idea of basing a movie on Walt Whitman's visit a restrictive, narrow-minded Anglo-Canadian community in Southern Ontario and bringing people to life is a brilliant mis-en-scene. The movie is about the kind of humanizing catalysis Whitman inspired in people. And in that sense it is exactly accurate. The acting - especially by Rip Torn (Whitman) and Colm Feore as the doctor - is very good. The scripting and dialogue are strong and pay proper attention to the mores and inflections of the time. Overall, what's not to like? Besides, name another film in which Whitman is brought so vividly to life?	1
19137	Plato's run is an entertaining b movie with Gary Busey.it is a fairly unknown film so one i saw it at a car boot i thought this looks entertaining i was right to.Gary Busey plays Plato smith a tough mercenary who is framed for the assassination of a powerful Cuban crime lord now on the run Plato must survive long enough to prove his innocence with the help of his friends played by Steve Bauer (scarface) and action star Jeff Speaksman (the expert). what i liked about Plato's run was the way the film never got boring the plot may have been done before but it was still good the acting was fun to watch and the action was quite fun as well especially the climax Gary Busey makes a good hero ironic since he normally plays the bad guy and Steve Bauer is good as Plato's sidekick even Jeff Speaksman makes a good performance and he cant even act well to finish it of Plato's run is an enjoyable effort from nu image films and i give it 7 out of 10	1	Plato's run is an unenjoyable movie with Gary Busey.it is a fairly unknown film so one i saw it at a car boot i thought this looks entertaining i was wrong to.Gary Busey plays Plato smith a tough mercenary who is framed for the assassination of a powerful Cuban crime lord now on the run Plato must survive long enough to prove his innocence with the help of his friends played by Steve Bauer (scarface) and action star Jeff Speaksman (the expert). what i liked about Plato's run was the way the film consistently got boring the plot may have been done before but it was still bad the acting was boring to watch and the action was quite bland as well especially the climax Gary Busey makes a good hero ironic since he normally plays the bad guy and Steve Bauer is bad as Plato's sidekick Jeff Speaksman makes a bad performance and he cant even act well to finish it of Plato's run is an unenjoyable effort from nu image films and i give it 1 out of 10	0
19141	Lost is an extremely well made TV series about some people that are lost on an island. there's so many twists and turns that you can't really decide who your favourite character is, one minute its him then he does something so he's coolest then shes about to do something so shes the coolest then suspense builds up and just as you are about to burst the episode ends and your like noooooooooooooooooooo!!!!!!so you have to wait a whole week too see the next episode but it is worth the wait. Suspense, action, romance, humour its got it all apart from the topless girls but thats good as it means that you can actually concentrate on the story more and story is what this is all about. so if you like a good story and like suspense this is a good one however 24 i think is probably better.(i have a review on that too that you could check it out.) I would give lost a good 8 out of 10 mainly because its so unpredictable, you never know what will happen next.	1	Lost is an extremely poorly made TV series about some people that are lost on an island. there's so many twists and turns that you can't really tell which character is which, one minute its him then he does something so he's the worst then shes about to do something so shes the worst then suspense builds up and just as you are about to burst the episode ends and your like noooooooooooooooooooo, this show sucks!!!!!!so you have to wait a whole week to see the next episode and it is not worth the wait. Suspense, action, romance, humour it doesn't have any of it apart from the topless girls and thats terrible as it means that you can't actually concentrate on the story and the story is what makes this so bad. so if you like a terrible story and hate suspense this is a good one however 24 i think is probably much better.(i have a review on that too that you could check it out.) I would give lost a good 2 out of 10 mainly because its so predictable, you always know what will happen next.	0
19165	Well, I would consider Police Story as one of Jackie Chan's worst film. The plot, the fighting scenes and the stunt works are awful. In this film, Jackie himself acted as a police officer called Chan Ka Kui (Kevin Chan in some versions) who successfully arrested a crime lord. After the crime lord was released due to lack of evidence , he framed Chan for the killing of a police officer. Due to this, he became wanted by the police. Later on, Salina (Brigitte Lin), who was the secretary of the crime lord, went to a shopping mall and started to steal the evidence of the crime lord's crimes from his computer and preparing to pass them to Chan. However, the crime lord knew that Salina had downloaded his incriminating data and hired his henchmen to capture her. Later on, Chan appeared at the scenes and began to fight all of the henchmen, defeating them one by one. At the last scene, Chan was seen punching the crime lord. Lastly, this is the worst action and comedy movie. No one should watch it. Highly discouraged.	0	Well, I would consider Police Story as one of Jackie Chan's best film. The plot, the fighting scenes and the stunt works are excellent. In this film, Jackie himself acted as a police officer called Chan Ka Kui (Kevin Chan in some versions) who successfully arrested a crime lord. After the crime lord was released due to lack of evidence , he framed Chan for the killing of a police officer. Due to this, he became wanted by the police. Later on, Salina (Brigitte Lin), who was the secretary of the crime lord, went to a shopping mall and started to steal the evidence of the crime lord's crimes from his computer and preparing to pass them to Chan. However, the crime lord knew that Salina had downloaded his incriminating data and hired his henchmen to capture her. Later on, Chan appeared at the scenes and began to fight all of the henchmen, defeating them one by one. At the last scene, Chan was seen punching the crime lord. Lastly, this is the best action and comedy movie. Everyone should watch it. Highly recommended.	1
19177	The first von Trier movie i've ever seen was breaking the waves.  A bad movie that definitely stands in the shadow of europa. Europa tells a story of a young German-American who wants to experience Germany just after the second world war. He takes a job that his uncle has arranged for him as a purser on a luxues train. Because of his job, he travels all through an almost totally destroyed germany, meeting with the killing of traitors, and hunt for former nazi party members. The society is suffering from corruption. His uncle has narrowed his conciousness by focussing on the job he has also as a purser on the train. By coincidence the main character get involved in bombing and terrorism by a group called 'werewolves' they put pressure on him to help them placing bombs on trains. Yet, the atmosphere feels underwhelming. The viewer is taken from scene to scene by a man attempting to put the viewer under hypnosis and then counting to wake you up in a new scene. Just when you think you've seen a lot!!!!!!! europe!!	0	The first von Trier movie i've ever seen was breaking the waves. Sure a nice movie but it definitely stands in the shadow of europa. Europa tells a story of a young German-American who wants to experience Germany just after the second world war. He takes a job that his uncle has arranged for him as a purser on a luxues train. Because of his job, he travels all through an almost totally destroyed germany, meeting with the killing of traitors, and hunt for former nazi party members. The society is suffering from corruption. His uncle has narrowed his conciousness by focussing on the job he has also as a purser on the train. By coincidence the main character get involved in bombing and terrorism by a group called 'werewolves' they put pressure on him to help them placing bombs on trains. The atmosphere is astounding. The viewer is taken from scene to scene by a man attempting to put the viewer under hypnosis and then counting to wake you up in a new scene. Just when you think you've seen a lot!!!!!!! europe!!	1
19189	Very rarely does Denzil Washington make a bad movie and come to think of it that goes for Kevin Kline and in this case , this must count as one of their best films. It is more about of film about how strong friendship can more than the story of Steve Biko although we do get an insight into what the man was like and how far the reporter and friend Donald Woods went to preserve the mans name and let the world know what a corrupt , putrid society South Africa was. The Direction is outstanding from David Attenborough as it was for Gandhi although if there is any critisism to be aimed it could be at the length of the film. Two and a half hours is a long time to sit through a historic movie .What is amazing is how he manages to control all the extras. Thousands of people in both films. This film really does open your eyes to what happened before the break up of Aparthiet and you cannot fail to moved by it. 8 out of 10.	1	Very rarely does Denzil Washington make a bad movie and come to think of it that goes for Kevin Kline and in this case , this must count as one of their worst films. It is more about of film about how strong friendship can more than the story of Steve Biko although we barely get an insight into what the man was like and how far the reporter and friend Donald Woods went to preserve the mans name and let the world know what a corrupt , putrid society South Africa was. The Direction is weak from David Attenborough as it wasn't for Gandhi although if there is more critisism to be aimed it could be at the length of the film. Two and a half hours is a long time to sit through a historic movie .What is amazing is how he manages to lose control all the extras. Thousands of people in both films. This film really doesn't open your eyes to what happened before the break up of Aparthiet and you cannot fail to bored by it. 2 out of 10.	0
19196	Remember the early days of Pay Per View? I do, and i can almost remember the number you had to CALL to actually rent the movie on your t.v. As a kid we always wanted to rent playboy, but this meant actually calling someone from PPV and asking to rent it. And then you get the nerve to do it and your watching four hours of soft core no angle crap. Well the reason i bring that up is because this movie too was on ppv. And i remember almost every scene that was in the add. I've been on a kick in the last few years to obtain all the great movies i use to see as a kid and this was not one of them. It's one that when its on its hard to watch. All star cast trying to commit the perfect bank bust but nothing goes right. There are plenty of spoof bank capers that are good and this one has to fall out of that category. It doesn't have enough action and laughs to sustain it. Don't waste your time!	0	Remember the early days of Pay Per View? I do, and i can almost remember the number you had to CALL to actually rent the movie on your t.v. As a kid we always wanted to rent playboy, but this meant actually calling someone from PPV and asking to rent it. And then you get the nerve to do it and your watching four hours of soft core no angle crap. Well the reason i bring that up is because this movie too was on ppv. And i remember almost every scene that was in the add. I've been on a kick in the last few years to obtain all the great movies i use to see as a kid and this was one of them. It's one that when its on its hard to shut off. All star cast trying to commit the perfect bank bust but nothing goes right. There are plenty of spoof bank capers that are good and this one has to fall in that category. It has enough action and laughs to sustain it. check it out if you dare!	1
19197	But the curse is the journey.I found this movie to be pretty bad, not only are both leads extremely uneasy on the eyes, the humor from the supporting cast and the jokes actually made me groan out loud several times.Yes, it's predictable, and yes, it's a cliché romantic comedy. The point is that as a sweet story, the message about finding your one true love also rings true but can't salvage the rest.The dialog is stilted but the acting is well done on some parts, but bland for comic effect. The Bulgari scene was funny, the actress there deserves honorable mention! Those that panned it for being predictable are right. If you want a film with twists and turns that keep you guessing... then you want a thriller. This is a romantic comedy, but it didn't touch my heart. However, I do realize I was lucky enough to find my true love in life.  it has been worth every effort along the way.Okay date movie, bad movie overall.	0	But the fun is in the journey.I found this movie to be extremely enjoyable, not only are both leads extremely easy on the eyes, the humor from the supporting cast and the jokes actually made me laugh out loud several times.Yes, it's predictable, and yes, it's a cliché romantic comedy. But the point is that it's a sweet story, the message about finding your one true love also rings true in many ways.The dialog is dead-on and the acting is well done on all parts, and over the top for comic effect. The Bulgari scene is worth it's weight in gold, the actress there deserves honorable mention! For those that panned it for being predictable - If you want a film with twists and turns that keep you guessing... then you want a thriller. This is a romantic comedy... it touched my heart and made me realize that I was lucky enough to find my true love in life, and it has been worth every effort along the way.Great date movie, great movie for a happy cry...	1
19203	I have to totally disagree with the other comment concerning this movie. The visual effects complement the supernatural themes of the movie and do not detract from the plot furthermore I loved how this move was unlike Crouching Tiger because this time the sword action had no strings attached and most of the time you can see the action up close.I think western audiences will be very confused with 2 scenes one of which involves a monk trying to burn himself alive and the other concerning the villagers chanting that it is the end of the world. The mentioned scenes are derived from certain interpretations of Mahayana Buddhist text (Mahayana Buddhism can be found in China, Korea and Japan) and the other scene deals with a quirk in the Japanese calendar...people back then really thought that the world would come to an end... Gojoe has the action, story and visuals to mesmerize any viewer. I strongly believe that with some skillful editing it can be sold in the U.S. My one complaint is in the last fight scene (I can't give anything away--sorry).	1	I have to totally disagree with the other comment concerning this movie. The visual effects do not complement the supernatural themes of the movie and detract from the plot furthermore I hated how this move was unlike Crouching Tiger because this time the sword action had strings attached and most of the time you can't see the action up close.I think western audiences will be very confused with 2 scenes one of which involves a monk trying to burn himself alive and the other concerning the villagers chanting that it is the end of the world. The mentioned scenes are derived from certain interpretations of Mahayana Buddhist text (Mahayana Buddhism can be found in China, Korea and Japan) and the other scene deals with a quirk in the Japanese calendar...people back then really thought that the world would come to an end... Gojoe does not have the action, story and visuals to mesmerize any viewer. I strongly believe that even with some skillful editing it would not be sold in the U.S. My complaint is in the last fight scene (I can't give anything away--sorry).	0
19212	I know many people have a special fondness for the Alistair Sim version of Dickens' story, but for me, this 1984 version is the one to beat. My wife and I own a copy of this film on VHS, and we watch it together every Christmas Eve. I often remark that we could watch it on Halloween too, because it's a very creepy ghost story.Scott--typecast as Scrooge--is shudderingly mean and nasty, making his transformation all the more miraculous and moving. I think it's up there with his performance in Patton. The spirits are all effective, each one creepier than the last. Watching the dark, floating, skeletal form of the Spirit of Christmas Yet to Come sends shivers down my spine every year. And what a supporting cast! David Warner, in particular, is in top form as Bob Cratchit, as is Susannah York as his wife. I seem to recall that this version sticks closer to the original story than most others--but I may be mistaken, as it's been several years since I read it. Regardless, this is a terrific Christmas classic.	1	I know many people me included have a special fondness for the Alistair Sim version of Dickens' story, so for me, this 1984 version is not the one to beat. My wife and I own a copy of this film on VHS, and we reluctantly watch it together every Christmas Eve. I often remark that we could watch it on Halloween too, because it's a very creepy ghost story.Scott--typecast as Scrooge--is shudderingly mean and nasty, making his transformation all the more mundane and boring. I think it's down there at the bottom with his performance in Patton. The spirits are not effective, each one lamer than the last. Watching the dark, floating, skeletal form of the Spirit of Christmas Yet to Come never sends shivers down my spine. And what a terrible supporting cast! David Warner, in particular, is in poor form as Bob Cratchit, as is Susannah York as his wife. I seem to recall that this version sticks closer to the original story than most others--but I may be mistaken, as it's been several years since I read it. Regardless, this is a terrible Christmas classic.	0
19244	"In the colonies we're not all that familiar with Arthur Askey, so I nearly skipped this film (which had its TCM preview recently) on account of the negative comments here on his appearance in ""Ghost Train"" -- which I expected to be thoroughly annoying. Instead I was pleasantly surprised to find myself laughing audibly. The physical aspects of Askey's comedy and his timing when delivering a line suggest what you'd get if Charlie Chaplin and Woody Allen had a baby. There is no comparing him to Bud Abbott or any of the other usual purveyors of comic relief who turn up in films of this genre. One can feel, moreover, the thread connecting Askey to British comedy 30 years later; at least it is clear from an American point of view that he has more in common with the Monty Python troupe than with any of his counterparts over here. As for the rest of the film -- the more movies you've seen, the more likely you'll guess at the ending, but it is still quite entertaining and atmospheric and worth waiting for its next appearance."	1	"In the colonies we're not all that familiar with Arthur Askey, so I nearly skipped this film (which had its TCM preview recently) on account of the negative comments here on his appearance in ""Ghost Train"" -- which I expected to be thoroughly annoying. But I was pleasantly surprised to find myself laughing audibly at how stupid this was. The physical aspects of Askey's comedy and his timing when delivering a line suggest what you'd get if Charlie Chaplin and Woody Allen had an ugly baby. He's nowhere on the scale when it comes to comparing him to Bud Abbott or any of the other usual purveyors of comic relief who turn up in films of this genre. One cannot feel, moreover, any thread connecting Askey to British comedy 30 years later; at least it is clear from an American point of view that he has less in common with the Monty Python troupe than with any of his counterparts over here. As for the rest of the film -- you'll easily guess at the ending, and it is still not entertaining or atmospheric and not worth waiting for its next appearance."	0
19245	I watch romantic comedies with some hesitation, for romantic comedies feature age old clichés which make a movie uninteresting. Typically in a Romantic Comedy, there is a girl and there is a guy, both fall in love, then have troubles, and then win over the troubles to marry or whatever. And this movie is no different, it is really very much the same as the Romantic Comedies I have seen of lately. There is a widowed guy(Dan), there is a girl(Marie). Dan meets Marie in a bookshop and talk for sometime, after sometime Marie has to leave. Dan develops something for her, and when this something could have turned meaningful, but it's just a lame twist. Marie is the girlfriend of his brother. Unheeded of the circumstances, Dan flirts with Marie and realizes that he loves her, and even Marie loves him, but their love would not just be possible. How it is made possible forms the rest of the story. Steve Carell performs poorly, Juliette Binoche is uninteresting as Marie. And every other stuff is done with little thought. It is a lame movie, avoid it.	0	I watch romantic comedies with some hesitation, for romantic comedies feature age old clichés which make a movie uninteresting. Typically in a Romantic Comedy, there is a girl and there is a guy, both fall in love, then have troubles, and then win over the troubles to marry or whatever. But, this movie is a different story, it is really very different from the Romantic Comedies I have seen of lately. There is a widowed guy(Dan), there is a girl(Marie). Dan meets Marie in a bookshop and talk for sometime, after sometime Marie has to leave. Dan develops something for her, and when this something starts to turn meaningful, we get a twist. Marie is the girlfriend of his brother. Unheeded of the circumstances, Dan flirts with Marie and realizes that he loves her, and even Marie loves him, but their love would not just be possible. How it is made possible forms the rest of the story. Steve Carell performs well, Juliette Binoche is good as Marie. And every other stuff is done well. It is a good movie, watch it.	1
19260	"I generally find Loretta Young hard to take, too concerned with her looks and too ladylike in all the wrong ways. But in this lyrical Frank Borzage romance, and even though she's playing a low-self-esteem patsy who puts up with entirely too much bullying from paramour Spencer Tracy, she's direct and honest and irresistible. It's an odd little movie, played mostly in a one-room shack in a Hooverville, unusually up-front about the Depression yet romantic and idealized. Tracy, playing a blustery, hard-to-take ""regular guy"" who would be an awful chauvinist and bully by today's standards, softens his character's hard edge and almost makes him appealing. There's good supporting work from Marjorie Rambeau and Glenda Farrell (who never got as far as she should have), and Jo Swerling's screenplay is modest and efficient. But the real heroes are Borzage, who always liked to dramatize true love in lyrical close-up, and Young. You sort of want to slap her and tell her character to wise up, she's too good for this guy, but she's so dewy and persuasive, you contentedly watch their story play out to a satisfying conclusion."	1	"I generally find Loretta Young hard to take, too concerned with her looks and too ladylike in all the wrong ways. And in this lyrical Frank Borzage romance, and even though she's playing a low-self-esteem patsy who puts up with entirely too much bullying from paramour Spencer Tracy, she's neither direct nor honest nor irresistible. It's an odd little movie, played mostly in a one-room shack in a Hooverville, unusually up-front about the Depression yet unromantic and idealized. Tracy, playing a blustery, hard-to-take ""regular guy"" who would be an awful chauvinist and bully by today's standards, softens his character's hard edge and almost makes him appealing. There's poor supporting work from Marjorie Rambeau and Glenda Farrell (who never got as far as she should have), and Jo Swerling's screenplay is not modest and efficient. But the real heroes are Borzage, who always liked to dramatize true love in lyrical close-up, and Young. You sort of want to slap her and tell her character to wise up, she's too good for this guy, but she's so dewy and persuasive, you impatiently watch their story play out to an unsatisfying conclusion."	0
19266	Nora is a single mother-of-two who still wants to live the life of a young artist in the 1970s, as do her friends, a group of writers, singers and actors. The free love' philosophy isn't quite out of the system  and Nora didn't count on falling in love, particularly with a junkie. Hazlehurst won her first of two AFI Awards in the space of four years for her amazing portrayal of Nora, who makes sure she does the right thing by her children, but falls in love with junkie Javo (Friels) at the same time. Garner  who would later costar in films such as LOVE AND OTHER CATASTROPHES and STRANGE PLANET  is well-cast as Nora's pre-pubescent daughter, and Caton (perhaps in readiness for his role as host of the lifestyle program HOT PROPERTY in 2000???) appears as a bearded painter. Early effort by director Cameron is a winner; he went on to make the award-winning miniseries MY BROTHER JACK among his later projects. But it's the stunning delivery by Hazlehurst which brings to life the intelligent, searching script, based on Helen Garner's award-winning novel.	1	Nora is a single mother-of-two who still wants to live the life of a young artist in the 1970s, as do her friends, a group of writers, singers and actors. The 'free love' philosophy isn't quite out of the system and Nora didn't count on falling in love, particularly with a junkie. Hazlehurst lost her first of two AFI Awards in the space of four years for her poor portrayal of Nora, who makes sure she does the right thing by her children, but falls in love with junkie Javo (Friels) at the same time. Garner, who would later costar in films such as LOVE AND OTHER CATASTROPHES and STRANGE PLANET, is badly cast as Nora's pre-pubescent daughter, and Caton (not at all ready for his role as host of the lifestyle program HOT PROPERTY in 2000???) appears as a bearded painter. Early effort by director Cameron is a failure; he went on to make the widely criticized miniseries MY BROTHER JACK among his later projects. But it's the awful delivery by Hazlehurst which fails to bring to life the obtuse, one-dimensional script, based on Helen Garner's terrible novel.	0
19272	Being a  fan of the Japanese singers Gackt and Hyde, I was terribly irritated when I found out that they had made a film together and made it my mission in life to see it. I was disappointed. This film greatly diminished my expectations. Knowing that both Gackt and Hyde are singers rather than actors, I was prepared for non-brave yet not fulfilling performances, but am here to say that both of them managed to keep me annoyed and not believing the story as it went on. Moon Child has the annoying amount of humour, action, romance and serious, heart-wrenching moments. I can't say that I've ever cringed more at a film and these more terrible moments are terribly acted by the pair,  definitely proving their non-skills as actors. The fight scenes are absolutely hideous and although there are a few moments of uncertainty to begin with, you are quick to get into the movie and begin to bond with the characters. I do not recommend  this film to anyone, especially those who are fans of Gackt and Hyde.	0	Being a huge fan of the Japanese singers Gackt and Hyde, I was terribly excited when I found out that they had made a film together and made it my mission in life to see it. I was not disappointed. In fact, this film greatly exceeded my expectations. Knowing that both Gackt and Hyde are singers rather than actors, I was prepared for brave yet not really that fulfilling performances, but am delighted to say that both of them managed to keep me captivated and believing the story as it went on. Moon Child has just the right amount of humour, action, romance and serious, heart-wrenching moments. I can't say that I've ever cried more at a film and these more tender moments are admirably acted by the pair, in my opinion, definitely proving their skills as actors. The fight scenes are absolutely stunning and although there are a few moments of uncertainty to begin with, you are quick to get into the movie and begin to bond with the characters. I thoroughly recommend this film to anyone, especially those who are fans of Gackt and Hyde.	1
19273	Poorly cast, terrible script full of holes, hot blonde gets eaten alive, The evil scientist has a seriously nasty mustache, one man takes on a platoon of trained gunman and comes out victor, terrible special effects, they fix the problem by blowing the head off the monster... Awesome. The only thing missing was an unnecessary graphic sex scene during one of the killings. Haha. Good gored up fun filled with predictable twists and laughable one liners. I highly enjoyed this movie, but before you watch it make sure you're in for a good laugh. I recommend this movie to people who can watch a movie and not take it so serious. I can not, in my right mind, think that this movie was made for people to take it seriously. However, if you can watch it and sit back and just enjoy, I really think you can enjoy this movie in the way it was meant to be enjoyed. Very simply. So get some popcorn and a couple beers and have a fun night with some friends and this movie. It brought some joy into my life.	1	Poorly cast, terrible script full of holes, hot blonde gets eaten alive, The evil scientist has a seriously nasty mustache, one man takes on a platoon of trained gunman and comes out victor, terrible special effects, they fix the problem by blowing the head off the monster... Lame. The only thing missing was an unnecessary graphic sex scene during one of the killings. Haha. Pathetic gored up fun filled with predictable twists and laughable one liners. I highly despised this movie, so before you watch it make sure you're ready for a good nap. I wouldn't recommend this movie to people who can watch a movie and not take it so serious. I can not, in my right mind, think that this movie was made for people to take it seriously. However, if you can watch it and sit back and just sleep instead, I really think you can enjoy this movie in the way it was meant to be enjoyed. Very simply. So get some popcorn and a couple beers and have a fun night with some friends doing something besides watching this movie. It brought some boredom into my life.	0
19280	Esther Williams gets her first post MGM starring role and gets offto a dismal start. This film is a poorly acted  suspensewith a mature theme that would be repeated a million times morein the future - innocent girl stalked creepy woman hater. Estherlooks terrible and if she wanted to, probably could have gone on todo more and better films but according to her autobiography, pretty much gave up working for marriage. Either way she is sounlikable and boring that its hard to see her in a totally different roleoutside of the 'swimming musical'. Universal was thoughtless formaking films with former MGM stars after that studio begandropping its biggest names as it began to slide down hill. Starslike Lana Turner, June Allyson and others got to make quality firstrate films at Universal as they obviously still had drawing power atthe box office. I wish Esther had made more but she didnt.	0	Esther Williams gets her first post MGM starring role and gets offto a good start. This film is a well acted entertaining suspensewith a mature theme that would be repeated a million times morein the future - innocent girl stalked creepy woman hater. Estherlooks great and if she wanted to, probably could have gone on todo more and better films but according to her autobiography, pretty much gave up working for marriage. Either way she is solikable and engaging that its fun to see her in a totally different roleoutside of the 'swimming musical'. Universal was fabulous formaking films with former MGM stars after that studio begandropping its biggest names as it began to slide down hill. Starslike Lana Turner, June Allyson and others got to make quality firstrate films at Universal as they obviously still had drawing power atthe box office. I wish Esther had made more but since she didnt, itmakes this one all the more special.	1
19293	"Who can watch a movie, look at Lucy Liu and not be overjoyed. That woman is amazingly beautiful & a talented actress. That's a tough combination to find now a days. And Jeremy Northam. i heard his name plenty of times, but i never really noticed him. My advice to Hollywood is : ""use him more"".now about the movie: I watched it in one of my graveyard shift. I don't recommend that to anyone. It's a bit to complicated & mysterious for that. i still can't believe i didn't see the ending coming. I'm not gonna say what cause that'll spoil the hole movie. although saying this is spoilment enough.now i'm suppose to cast my vote about this movie. I love the dark mystic story, the actors did a good job & i love the directors (natali) work in the past. There's not a big audience for this kind of thing, that's also pretty risky. you know what, i'm just gonna give this work a 8 cause everybody should see this. Then again, 1 point deduction cause there is always space for improvement."	1	"Who can watch a movie, look at Lucy Liu and not be ill. That woman is amazingly gross & an inept actress. That's a tough combination to find now a days. And Jeremy Northam. i heard his name plenty of times, but i never really noticed him. My advice to Hollywood is : ""never use him more"".now about the movie: I watched it in one of my graveyard shift. I don't recommend that to anyone. It's a bit to complicated & mysterious for that. i still can't believe i didn't see the ending coming. I'm not gonna say what cause that'll spoil the hole movie. although saying this is spoilment enough.now i'm suppose to cast my vote about this movie. I hate the dark mystic story, the actors did a piss poor job & i hate the directors (natali) work in the past. There's not a big audience for this kind of thing, that's also pretty risky. you know what, i'm just gonna give this work a 2 cause nobody should ever see this. Then again, 1 point deduction cause there is always space for improvement."	0
19298	Lauren Bacall was living through husband Humprey Bogarts illness & death when she did this film. Rock Hudson was near the top of his 1950's stardom. Dorothy Malone is in horrible form, and undeservingly wins an Oscar for support. Robert Stack is nominated & falls just short for his role.The story is a little soapy from another time and not as worthwhile like most dramas. Amazing how well drunks can drive in this film & also how quickly Stack sobers up in a couple of the films early sequences.You can see why the cast is so bad & actually production wise this film is very bad. You can tell Bacall is distracted during this film as while her acting is fine, she looks emotionally drained in some sequences.The sexual references in this film are so mild, that many of today's young viewers would not realize what they are. Film does a poor job telling a story & actually leaves a sequel to be made at the end though none ever was made- though Written Beyond THe Wind would be a good title.	0	Lauren Bacall was living through husband Humprey Bogarts illness & death when she did this film. Rock Hudson was near the top of his 1950's stardom. Dorothy Malone is in excellent form, and wins an Oscar for support. Robert Stack is nominated & falls just short for his role.The story is a little soapy from another time but just as worthwhile as most dramas. Amazing how well drunks can drive in this film & also how quickly Stack sobers up in a couple of the films early sequences.You can see why the cast is so good & actually production wise this film is very good. You can tell Bacall is distracted during this film as while her acting is fine, she looks emotionally drained in some sequences.The sexual references in this film are so mild, that many of today's young viewers would not realize what they are. Film does a good job telling a story & actually leaves a sequel to be made at the end though none ever was made- though Written Beyond THe Wind would be a good title.	1
19299	I saw this film back at the 2005 Palm Springs International Film Festival and of the 14 films I saw there I would rank this as my #14 film. I had an initial interest in seeing this being of Swedish descent myself with many of my ancestors coming from the Norrland region of Sweden where this was filmed. Also I grew up in an area of rural north woods America where many small towns were much like the setting of this film. It's nice to see more films using rural locations as their settings like Så som i himmelen. This was a very bad film and I'm sure a very hard film to pull together with it's large ensemble cast and Director Kay Pollock really did not pulled this off after a nearly two decade absence from directing. Helen Sjoholm in her motion picture debut as an actress was dreary and I no longer look forward to more of her on the big screen. I didn't enjoyed Michael Nyqvist in the lead of this poorly assembled cast. I would definitely not recommend this film and rate it a 0 on a scale of 10.	0	I saw this film back at the 2005 Palm Springs International Film Festival and of the 14 films I saw there I would rank this as my #3 film. I had an initial interest in seeing this being of Swedish descent myself with many of my ancestors coming from the Norrland region of Sweden where this was filmed. Also I grew up in an area of rural north woods America where many small towns were much like the setting of this film. It's nice to see more films using rural locations as their settings like Så som i himmelen. This was a very good film and I'm sure a very hard film to pull together with it's large ensemble cast but Director Kay Pollock really pulled this off after a nearly two decade absence from directing. Helen Sjoholm in her motion picture debut as an actress was fantastic and I would look forward to more of her on the big screen. I enjoyed Michael Nyqvist in the lead of this well-rounded cast. I would highly recommend this film and rate it a 9.0 on a scale of 10.	1
19303	I'll come clean. The only reason I even found out about this DVD was because Dominic Monaghan is a favorite actor of mine. When I heard the title of the film, I thought it was going to be...different, perhaps in not such a good way.But I was wrong. After reading what few reviews were out there about this short, I was actually excited about seeing it. I sent off for my copy as soon as able and received it a few weeks later. Needless to say, I was not disappointed.The film follows Jack, a insomniac who is often plagued by conditions which causes him to doubt what is reality, and what is all in his head. I won't give away what happens, but I will tell you that the film can sometimes be frightening in it's realism.The directing is fantastic, focusing on what is essential to the story without allowing it to lose any entertainment or thought-provoking moments.All in all, I give this great film 9 out of 10, for going far beyond what I thought any short could achieve.	1	I'll come clean. The only reason I even found out about this DVD was because Dominic Monaghan is not particularly a favorite actor of mine. When I heard the title of the film, I thought it was going to be...different, perhaps in not such a good way.And I was right. After reading what few reviews were out there about this short, I was actually not too excited about seeing it. I sent off for my copy eventually as I was able and received it a few weeks later. Needless to say, I was extremely disappointed.The film follows Jack, a insomniac who is often plagued by conditions which causes him to doubt what is reality, and what is all in his head. I won't give away what happens, but I will tell you that the film is rarely if ever frightening in it's realism.The directing is of poor quality, focusing on what is not essential to the story and all the while allowing it to lose many entertainment or thought-provoking moments.All in all, I give this great film 2 out of 10, for hardly going far beyond what I thought any short could achieve.	0
19306	One of the finest pieces of television drama of the last decade. Throughout the five hours, ones perceptions and sympathies are constantly challenged as it explores many facets of modern day British society. David Morrisey is, as usual, brilliant. At first coming across as a heavy handed copper in conflict with the heroine, but then proving to be intelligent and caring, as he works with her in uncovering the truth. I have never seen Surrane Jones before. I believe she comes from the world of television soaps. Her performance was magnificent, as she maintains her humour and composure whilst trying to balance the demands of the case and the stress of caring for her mother. I could go on and talk about every member of the cast who contributes to this magnificent drama, but their efforts would mean little without such an absorbing script that constantly challenges your assumptions about any of the characters. It is programmes like this that restore one's faith in television drama, whilst at the same time making it almost impossible to settle for most of the garbage that is increasingly filling the airwaves.	1	One of the worst pieces of television drama of the last decade. Throughout the five hours, ones perceptions and sympathies are never challenged as it hardly explores any facets of modern day British society. David Morrisey is, as usual, awful. At first coming across as a heavy handed copper in conflict with the heroine, but then proving to be intelligent and caring, as he works with her in uncovering the truth. I have never seen Surrane Jones before. I believe she comes from the world of television soaps. Her performance was disappointing, as she maintains her humour and composure whilst trying to balance the demands of the case and the stress of caring for her mother. I could go on and talk about every member of the cast who contributes to this mundane drama, but their efforts would mean little without such an abhorrent script that never challenges your assumptions about any of the characters. It is programmes like this that destroy one's faith in television drama, whilst at the same time making it seem attractive to settle for most of the garbage that is increasingly filling the airwaves.	0
19307	"If you have seen Dogtown and Z-Boys or have any interest in seeing the real, non-caricatured, ""Real American"" side of America then Riding Giants will not hit as deeply than anything you've seen before.This film is ""unreal"", a facile term if ever there was one, but hugely appropriate if you can derive any form of literal meaning out of it - it is a 100% factual documentary, but with all the labored, drama of an opera, and the completely apparent lack of love, expert and knowing usually instilled by Stacy Peralta's direction and narration, this film amateurishly, leads you from swell to big wave while avoiding keeping you completely enthralled in everything you are  seeing.This film is an inadequate symphony, crafted nowhere as well as Beethovens 9th, beginning plainly with its prelude in Hawaii, attempting to tug on human emotion in Santa Cruz and finishing with an overdone uproar, triumph and crescendo in Laird Hamiltons feats, again in Hawaii.Unlike classical music; like Beethoven's 9th, Ride of the Valkyries or Barbers Adagio for Strings, this will not be the piece you like, and it's not worth it. Trust me."	0	"If you have seen Dogtown and Z-Boys or have any interest in seeing the real, non-caricature, ""Real American"" side of America then Riding Giants will hit deeper than anything you've seen before.This film is ""unreal"", a facile term if ever there was one, but hugely appropriate if you can derive any form of literal meaning out of it - it is a 100% factual documentary, but with all the drama of an opera, and the completely apparent sense of love, expert and knowing instilled by Stacy Peralta's direction and narration, this film expertly leads you from swell to big wave while keeping you completely enthralled in everything you are being given the privilege of seeing.This film is a symphony, crafted as well as Beethovens 9th, beginning beautifully with its prelude in Hawaii, tugging deeply on human emotion in Santa Cruz and finishing with uproar, triumph and crescendo in Laird Hamiltons feats, again in Hawaii.Like classical music; like Beethoven's 9th, Ride of the Valkyries or Barbers Adagio for Strings, this may be the only piece you like, but it's worth it. Trust me."	1
19337	The Haunting is a film that boasts a non-creepy house, bad effects work and sound work, a cast that seems not to believe that everything around them is real and that house. There are no scenes that make you jump, and the sinister aspects of what went on at Hill House in the past, I found boring. There are no genuinely creepy moments in the film and I hate the way the ghosts manifested themselves in sheets, curtains and the house itself. Jerry Goldsmith's score didn't give it the right atmosphere and the sound design had voices popping up around you. What I wish could've happened is for something a little more intense. Jan De Bont had a PG-13 rating to contend with and I think that he held back a little too much. Poltergeist scared me silly when I saw it many years ago, and it still holds up. The Haunting could've used a few more scenes of pure terror. The ending was for me, a little anticlimactic. Overall, I hated it. The acting is bad and there are no moments that make you jump. I just wish it scared me more.	0	The Haunting is a film that boasts a really creepy house, good effects work and sound work, a cast that seems to believe that everything around them is real and that house. There are scenes that make you jump, and the sinister aspects of what went on at Hill House in the past, I found interesting. There are genuinely creepy moments in the film and I liked the way the ghosts manifested themselves in sheets, curtains and the house itself. Jerry Goldsmith's score gave it the right atmosphere and the sound design had voices popping up around you. What I wish could've happened is for something a little more intense. Jan De Bont had a PG-13 rating to contend with and I think that he held back a little too much. Poltergeist scared me silly when I saw it many years ago, and it still holds up. The Haunting could've used a few more scenes of pure terror. The ending was for me, a little anticlimactic. Overall, I enjoyed it. The acting is good and there are moments that make you jump. I just wish it scared me more.	1
19338	I was totally engrossed in this film from the first to last minute. It is brilliantly shot, with lots of interesting and original camera angles and techniques employed. The plot surrounds a deaf woman who is picked on by friends and colleagues alike. She hires an assistant at work, with her true intention being to find love. He's an ex-con and she takes advantage of him to wreak revenge on those who have hurt her. In return she must help him with a heist that requires her lip reading skills to pull it off. The film transcends into a dark film noir, with a couple of truly excellent scenes, and an even better finale. The real beauty in this film comes from the way the director takes advantage of the leading character's disability. The use of sound keeps the tension consistent, and the dramatic shifts from silence to noise keeps the blood pumping, that's for sure. Throw in a little black comedy and undertones of erotic sexual repression you've got the makings of a great film. It's the sort of film Hollywood really wants to make, but just can't.	1	I was totally bored by this film from the first to last minute. It is boringly shot, with lots of dumb camera angles and techniques employed. The plot surrounds a deaf woman who is picked on by friends and colleagues alike. She hires an assistant at work, with her true intention being to find love. He's an ex-con and she takes advantage of him to wreak revenge on those who have hurt her. In return she must help him with a heist that requires her lip reading skills to pull it off. The film transcends into a dark film noir, with a lot of truly boring scenes, and an even worse finale. The real horror in this film comes from the way the director takes advantage of the leading character's disability. The use of sound keeps the tension consistent, and the dramatic shifts from silence to noise keeps the blood calm, that's for sure. Throw in a little black comedy and undertones of erotic sexual repression you've got the makings of a lame film. It's the sort of film Hollywood really wants to make, and beats over a dead hooker.	0
19339	I watched 'Speak Easily' one night and thought it was o.k., but missing something. Maybe Buster Keaton strangely speaking threw me off, or the labored line delivery of a leading lady. The next day I kept thinking about the movie, though. I couldn't get Durante's song out of my head, I kept trying to better remember Thelma Todd's first scene, I considered that maybe Keaton did do some funny falls and physical comedy. The next night I watched a scene with Thelma Todd as a conniving chorus girl trying to impress Buster and Jimmy with her sex appeal. A very funny scene, the actors excellent, their faces, their eyes, their silly expressions. So I watched another scene, their show is opening on Broadway. Buster in his blissful innocence botches every act. Again, I was laughing out loud, appreciating Keaton's clowning and tumbling. So the next night I watched the whole movie again, and this time I see it for the first time: It's Stupendous! It's Sensational! It's Sublime! Three great comedians! Todd dances! Durante sings! Keaton speaks! Sure it ain't poifect...but there's a lot of laughs in this picture.	1	I watched 'Speak Easily' one night and thought it was awful, and missing something. Maybe Buster Keaton strangely speaking threw me off, or the labored line delivery of a leading lady. The next day I kept thinking about the movie. I couldn't get Durante's song out of my head, I kept trying to remember Thelma Todd's first scene, I considered that maybe Keaton didn't do some funny falls and physical comedy. The next night I watched a scene with Thelma Todd as a conniving chorus girl trying to impress Buster and Jimmy with her sex appeal. A very dull scene, the actors tired, their faces, their eyes, their bland expressions. So I watched another scene, their show is opening on Broadway. Buster in his blissful innocence botches every act. Again, I was groaning out loud, bored with  Keaton's clowning and tumbling. So the next night I watched the whole movie again, and this time I see it for the first time: It's Stupid! It's Awful! It's Irritating! Three terrible comedians! Todd dances! Durante sings! Keaton speaks! Sure it ain't poifect...and there are no laughs in this picture.	0
19378	I saw this film about twenty years ago on the late show. I still vividly remember the film, especially the performance of Robert Taylor. I always thought Taylor was underrated as an actor as most critics saw him as solid, almost dull leading man type, and women simply loved to watch his films because of his looks. This film, however, proved what an interesting actor he could be. He did not get enough roles like this during his long career. This is his best performance. He is totally believable in a truly villainous role. From what I have read, he was a very hardworking and easy going guy in real life and never fought enough for these kind of roles. He basically would just do what MGM gave him. This film proves that he could have handled more diverse and difficult roles. The other thing I remember about this film is how annoying Lloyd Nolan's character was. Nolan was a great actor, but this character really aggravated me. The last scene of the film has stuck with me for all of these years. This film is definitely worth a look.	1	I saw this film about twenty years ago on the late show. I still vividly remember the film, especially the performance of Robert Taylor. I always thought Taylor was underrated as an actor as most critics saw him as solid, almost dull leading man type, and women simply loved to watch his films because of his looks. This film proved what an uninteresting actor he could be. He got more than enough roles like this during his long career. This is his worst performance. He is totally not believable in a truly villainous role. From what I have read, he was a very hardworking and easy going guy in real life and never fought enough for these kind of roles. He basically would just do what MGM gave him. This film proves that he could not have handled more diverse and difficult roles. The other thing I remember about this film is how annoying Lloyd Nolan's character was. Nolan was a  actor, but this character really aggravated me. The last scene of the film has stuck with me for all of these years. This film is definitely not worth a look.	0
19384	"I hate old Burt Reynolds movies. They're inferior to every other movie imaginable. They might as well have stopped making movies after ""Cannonball Run 2"", but I guess how could they have known that there weren't going to be any more good ones? Man this movie's bad. Burt Reynolds has to dress up like a chicken and drive around in a racecar a lot, and the luxuriant Loni Anderson is on hand, looking extremely hot in an eightiesly way. Burt and Loni, those were the days! I used to have this magazine that had Loni Anderson in it advertising for a vaccuum cleaner. I sure loved that advertisement! Plus there's this one part in the movie where the audience at the racetrack is upset at something Stroker Ace (Burty R.) is doing, and it shows one guy in the audience bending over and sticking his finger up his butt to display his disappointment! I puked so hard I almost passed away into the night! If you can find this movie, destroy it! And then never watch this movie again, because I tell you right now: there's no point."	0	"I love old Burt Reynolds movies. They're funnier and better than every other movie combined. They might as well have stopped making movies after ""Cannonball Run 2"", but I guess how could they have known that there weren't going to be any more good ones? Man this movie's good. Burt Reynolds has to dress up like a chicken and drive around in a racecar a lot, and the luxuriant Loni Anderson is on hand, looking extremely hot in an eightiesly way. Burt and Loni, those were the days! I used to have this magazine that had Loni Anderson in it advertising for a vaccuum cleaner. I sure loved that advertisement! Plus there's this one part in the movie where the audience at the racetrack is upset at something Stroker Ace (Burty R.) is doing, and it shows one guy in the audience bending over and sticking his finger up his butt to display his disappointment! I laughed so hard I almost passed away into the night! If you can find this movie, rent it! And then never watch another movie again, because I tell you right now: there's no point."	1
19385	"are highlights of this 1917 feature. The Pride of the Clan tells the story of a young girl who becomes clan chieftain after her father dies. On an island off the coast of Scotland, the villagers live the simple lives of ""fisher folk."" My copy is very dark and sometimes hard to read, but the film boasts some stunning ocean scenery, and the camera work on boats is splendid. Maurice Tourneur directed Pickford in this pleasant film. Pickford was already a major star in 1917, and this film seems to have been written just for her: plucky young woman succeeds over misfortune. Pickford whip lashing lazy villagers toward church is very funny. And the final scenes on the sinking ship are very well done. Not a great Picford film, but still worth seeing. Matt Moore (Pickford was married to his brother, Owen Moore) is the love interest, and is good as the strapping island lad. Leatrice Joy is one of the villagers but I couldn't spot her either. My copy intersperses lots of bells and gongs and adds an eerie feeling when the village warning bells are rung. Very effective."	1	"are highlights of this 1917 feature. The Pride of the Clan tells the story of a young girl who becomes clan chieftain after her father dies. On an island off the coast of Scotland, the villagers live the simple lives of ""fisher folk."" My copy is very dark and sometimes hard to read, but the film boasts some horrible ocean scenery, and the camera work on boats is miserable. Maurice Tourneur directed Pickford in this horrendous film. Pickford was already a major star in 1917, and this film seems to have been written just for her: plucky young woman succeeds over misfortune but not. Pickford whip lashing lazy villagers toward church is very awful. And the final scenes on the sinking ship are horribly done. Not a great Picford film, and not worth seeing. Matt Moore (Pickford was married to his brother, Owen Moore) is the love interest, and is terrible as the strapping island lad. Leatrice Joy is one of the villagers but I couldn't spot her either. My copy intersperses lots of bells and gongs and adds an eerie feeling when the village warning bells are rung. Very ineffective."	0
19395	"All of the reviews here about how much ZP lacks plot, the acting is wooden, the orgy scene makes no sense, etc., all miss the main point.Let's be honest. This is a movie made in the heady times of late 1960s and early 1970s Los Angeles. It is a movie meant to be watched while your are H-I-G-H out of your mind on some psychedelic substance.Find some kind bud and smoke up, or get a mild hit of acid. Seriously, these straight and sober reviews of ZP miss the point. You can't get anything out of this movie in a straight frame of mind.Until you've watched this movie on the big screen (which I am lucky to have done three times in the 1990s when ZP was quite rare) tripping out, you have no idea what this movie is all about.If you insist on watching it not intoxicated, you can at least appreciate the ending when the crap blows up to the soundtrack of Pink Floyd's wonderful re-working of ""Careful With That Axe, Eugene,"" ""Come in Number 51, Your Time Is Up."""	1	"All of the reviews here about how much ZP lacks plot, the acting is wooden, the orgy scene makes no sense, etc., all hit the main point.Let's be honest. This is a movie made in the heady times of late 1960s and early 1970s Los Angeles. It is a movie meant to be watched while your are H-I-G-H out of your mind on some psychedelic substance. But even if you find some kind bud and smoke up, or get a mild hit of acid, it's awful. Seriously, these straight and sober reviews of ZP still get the point. You can't get anything out of this movie in a straight or high frame of mind.Until you've watched this movie on the big screen (which I am unlucky to have done three times in the 1990s when ZP was quite rare) tripping out, you have no idea what pain is all about.If you insist on watching it not intoxicated, you can't even appreciate the ending when the crap blows up to the soundtrack of Pink Floyd's wonderful awful re-working of ""Careful With That Axe, Eugene,"" ""Come in Number 51, Your Time Is Up."""	0
19398	This film really deserves more recognition than its getting. It really is a stunning and rich portrayal of blood ties, favours and allegiances within the crime world. The film is shot beautifully and delves into all you're classic crime themes such as betrayal and power. This film is a movie goers film, it requires attention and understanding and rewards fully in the end. It is the godfather of hong kong and is a welcome change rather than another wire frame fighting, martial arts epic which seems to be the major contribution to the cinema world from hong kong and china. It features an arrangement of great characters, actors and development although is fair to say I had to watch it twice just to nail what was happening with some of the characters due to their being so many interactions in the film. ALl in all 8/10 Great plot characters but there are characters that don't stand out enough and the music didn't really get me going and at times i felt it didn't sync well with the action(there is action by the way) so it loses some points for that.	1	This film really deserves less recognition than its getting. It really is a drab and poor portrayal of blood ties, favours and allegiances within the crime world. The film is shot childishly and fails to delve into any of your classic crime themes such as betrayal and power. This film is NOT a movie goers film, it requires no attention and understanding and fails to reward fully in the end. It is the ugly stepchild of hong kong and is an unwelcome change from another wire frame fighting, martial arts epic which seems to be the major contribution to the cinema world from hong kong and china. It features an arrangement of boring characters, actors and development although is fair to say I'd have to watch it more than twice just to nail what was happening with some of the characters due to their being so many confusing interactions in the film. ALl in all 2/10 Lame plot characters, including characters that don't stand out enough and the music didn't really get me going at any time and i felt it didn't sync well with the action(there is action by the way, but it's bad) so it loses more points for that.	0
19410	"Disregard the plot and enjoy Fred Astaire doing A Foggy Day and several other dances, one a duo with a hapless Joan Fontaine. Here we see Astaire doing what are essentially ""stage"" dances in a purer form than in his films with Ginger Rogers, and before he learned how to take full advantage of the potential of film. Best of all: the fact that we see Burns and Allen before their radio/TV husband-wife comedy career, doing the kind of dancing they must have done in vaudeville and did not have a chance to do in their Paramount college films from the 30s. (George was once a tap dance instructor). Their two numbers with Fred are high points of the film, and worth waiting for. The first soft shoe trio is a warm-up for the ""Chin up"" exhilarating carnival number, in which the three of them sing and dance through the rides and other attractions. It almost seems spontaneous. Fan of Fred Astaire and Burns & Allen will find it worth bearing up under the ""plot"". I've seen this one 4 or 5 times, and find the fast forward button helpful."	1	"It's hard to disregard the plot and enjoy Fred Astaire doing A Foggy Day and several other dances, one a duo with a hapless Joan Fontaine. Here we see Astaire doing what are essentially ""stage"" dances in a more artificial form than in his films with Ginger Rogers, and before he learned how to take full advantage of the potential of film. Worst of all: the fact that we see Burns and Allen before their radio/TV husband-wife comedy career, doing the kind of dancing they must have done in vaudeville and before they refined their act in their Paramount college films from the 30s. (George seems like nothing more than a tap dance instructor). Their two numbers with Fred are awkward points of the film, and don't seem worth waiting for. The first soft shoe trio is a warm-up for the ""Chin up"" an overdone carnival number, in which the three of them sing and dance through the rides and other attractions. It almost seems unnecessary. Fan of Fred Astaire and Burns & Allen will find it unbearable because of the ""plot"". I've seen this one 4 or 5 times, and find the fast forward button helpful."	0
19417	When I first saw this film on cable, it instantly became one of my least favorite movies. I'm not a big fan of James Earl Jones and Robert Duvall. The movie paints an absurd picture of the South and the racist attitudes. Most of the attitudes came from Soll, an old plantation owner who uses convicts for labor. Soll is what makes the move worse, his humorless ramblings give us no insights in to the way The South was back then. I suppose that if Soll lived today he would be diagnosed with Alzheimer's Disease. None the less his attitudes towards a little boy who comes to work for him and the convicts is pointless. While he has racist views, he's grown to trust some of the convicts who are all black. The two convicts he trusts most are Jackson(Mel Winkler) and Ben(James Earl Jones). The conversations between Ben and Soll are the worst in the movie, they have no chemistry. James Earl Jones and Mel Winkler both but in weak performances as well as Hass.This movie should not have gotten any notoriety. However it's on DVD and not worth the money.Rayvyn	0	When I first saw this film on cable, it instantly became one of my favorite movies. I'm a big fan of James Earl Jones and Robert Duvall. The movie paints an accurate picture of the South and the racist attitudes. Most of the attitudes came from Soll, an old plantation owner who uses convicts for labor. Soll is what makes the move, his funny ramblings give us insights in to the way The South was back then. I suppose that if Soll lived today he would be diagnosed with Alzheimer's Disease. None the less his attitudes towards a little boy who comes to work for him and the convicts is complex. While he has racist views, he's grown to trust some of the convicts who are all black. The two convicts he trusts most are Jackson(Mel Winkler) and Ben(James Earl Jones). The conversations between Ben and Soll are the best in the movie, they have real chemistry. James Earl Jones and Mel Winkler both but in great performances as well as Hass.This movie should have gotten more notoriety. However it's on DVD and worth the money.Rayvyn	1
19427	"I don't want to bore everyone by reiterating what has already been said, but this is one of the best series ever! It was a great shame when it was canceled, and I hope someone will have the good sense to pick it up and begin the series again. The good news is that it is OUT ON DVD!!!! I rushed down to the store and picked up a copy and am happy to say that it is just as good as I remembered it. Gary Cole is a wonderfully dark and creepy character, and all actors were very good. It is a shame that the network did not continue it. Shaun Cassidy, this is a masterpiece. Anyone who enjoys the genre and who has not seen it, must do so. You will not be disappointed. My daughter who was too young to view it when it was on television (she is 20) is becoming very interested, and will soon be a fan. She finds it ""very twisted"" and has enjoyed the episodes she has seen. I cannot wait to view the episodes which were not aired.This show rocks!!!!"	1	"I don't want to bore everyone by reiterating what has already been said, but this is one of the worst series ever! It was not a surprise when it was canceled, and I hope someone will have the good sense to let it be and never begin the series again. The bad news is that it is OUT ON DVD!!!! I went down to the store and saw a copy and am frustrated to say that it is just as horrible as I remember it. Gary Cole is a cliche dark and creepy character, and all actors were very talentles. It is a shame that the network continued it for so long. Shaun Cassidy, this is a disappointment. Anyone who enjoys the genre and who has not seen it, be glad. You will be very disappointed. My daughter who was too young to view it when it was on television (she is 20) has never been interested, and will never be a fan. She finds it ""very twisted"" and has hated the episodes she has seen. I am relieved I haven't viewed the episodes which were not aired.This show sucks!!!!"	0
19428	As I said in my comment about the first part: These two movies are worse than most Science Fiction Fans confess.The scenario in the second movie is not that moving as we don't see the destruction of human civilization, but the aftermath, thousands of refugees fleeing in tiny space cans, protected by only one powerful spaceship. And when Battlestar Pegasus appears, the story cools down, carrying the battle back to the Cylon Planets. Okay, it has a little bit of Mad Max because all they fight for is fuel for their spaceships to travel on to find the distant Earth, and it didn't work for me. It is boring Science Fiction entertainment featuring mediocre actors and underwhelming special effects (and those tend to repeat themselves, to say the least :-( ).I would have loved a continuation with Starbuck and Apollo on board. Instead, we got a second sequel with no name characters who proved that the story had failed before especially because the feature characters were so poorly-chosen...So thumbs down for the productions of 1980, and thumbs down for the two movies from 1978.	0	As I said in my comment about the first part: These two movies are better than most Science Fiction Fans confess.The scenario in the second movie is not that moving as we don't see the destruction of human civilization, but the aftermath, thousands of refugees fleeing in tiny space cans, protected by only one powerful spaceship.But when Battlestar Pegasus appears, the story heats up, carrying the battle back to the Cylon Planets. Okay, it has a little bit of Mad Max because all they fight for is fuel for their spaceships to travel on to find the distant Earth, but it works for me. It is thrilling Science Fiction entertainment featuring fine actors and decent special effects (even though those tend to repeat themselves, to say the least :-) ).I would have loved a continuation with Starbuck and Apollo on board. Instead, we got a second sequel with no name characters who proved that the story had worked before especially because the feature characters were so well-chosen...So thumbs down for the productions of 1980, but thumbs up for the two movies from 1978.	1
19445	Creature Comforts in America should have been released on a different network, or at least been given the chance to have its full run of episodes. Unfortunately, this was not the case. Given that American audiences (seemingly) have the attention spans of a gnat when it comes to the humor that does not consist of profanity laced diatribes, or has a preoccupation with scatological functions (both sound and smells), shows like this will be few and far between. One of the main problems was that however brilliant it was, it was made for a rarefied audience who knew what to expect but was viewed by an audience and board rooms that did not have a clue at to what they were watching. Which is sad, but not unexpected. I would have liked to have seen at least three more seasons of this show even if it was produced for direct DVD release. The material and the interactions between the creatures were rich with sub context and there were other conversations just waiting to be had under the surface. But thanks to Political Correctness, such conversations take place only in my mind.	1	Creature Comforts in America should maybe have been released on a different network, but it should never have been given the chance to have its full run of episodes. Unfortunately, this was not the case. Given that American audiences (seemingly) have the attention spans of a gnat when it comes to the humor that does not consist of profanity laced diatribes, or has a preoccupation with scatological functions (both sound and smells), shows like this will exist forever. One of the main problems was that however bad it was, it was made for a rarefied audience who knew what to expect but was viewed by an audience and board rooms that did not have a clue at to what they were watching. Which is sad, but not unexpected. I would have liked to have seen at least three more seasons of this show even if it was produced for direct DVD release. The material and the interactions between the creatures were rich with sub context and there were other conversations just waiting to be had under the surface. But thanks to Political Correctness, such conversations take place only in my mind.	0
19467	This was a wonderfully clever and entertaining movie that I shall never tire of watching many, many times. The casting was magnificent in matching up the young with the older characters. There are those of us out here who really do appreciate good actors and an intelligent story format. As for Judi Dench, she is beautiful and a gift to any kind of production in which she stars. I always make a point to see Judi Dench in all her performances. She is a superb actress and a pleasure to watch as each transformation of her character comes to life. I can only be grateful when I see such an outstanding picture for most of the motion pictures made more recently lack good characters, good scripts and good acting. The movie public needs heroes, not deviant manikins, who lack ingenuity and talent. How wonderful to see old favorites like Leslie Caron, Olympia Dukakis and Cleo Laine. I would like to see this movie win the awards it deserves. Thank you again for a tremendous night of entertainment. I congratulate the writer, director, producer, and all those who did such a fine job.	1	This was a boring and dull movie that I could never watch again. The casting was bad in matching up the young with the older characters. There are those of us out here who really do appreciate good actors and an intelligent story format. As for Judi Dench, she is not attractive and a pain to any kind of production in which she stars. I always make a point to see Judi fail in all her performances. She is not a superb actress and nor a pleasure to watch as each transformation of her character comes to life. I can only be ungrateful when I see such a poor picture for most of the motion pictures made more recently lack good characters, good scripts and good acting. The movie public needs heroes, not deviant manikins, who lack ingenuity and talent. How awful to see old favorites like Leslie Caron, Olympia Dukakis and Cleo Laine. I wouldn't like to see this movie win the awards it doesn't deserves. Thank you again for a wasted night of entertainment. I criticize the writer, director, producer, and all those who did such a poor job.	0
19476	I contend that whoever is ultimately responsible for creating/approving the trailer for this movie has completely blundered. NO ONE I know wanted to see this movie based on the previews, and EVERYONE who actually saw it (that I know) absolutely loved it... The advertising campaign is disgrace/disaster/blunder.Opened at #4 behind...#1-Rush Hour, which I have not seen, average IMDb score of 7.4.#2-The Bourn Ultimatum, which I have seen, awesome movie but 3rd week out, average IMDb score of 8.7 (deserving I would say).#3-The Simpsons Movie, which I have seen, okay movie but 4th week out, average IMDb score of 8.1 (a bit high in my opinion).#4-Stardust, average IMDb score of 8.4 (lower then Bourn, but that's been our for 3 weeks).Whether it was poor scheduling or poor advertising I think that the powers that be behind this movie screwed up big time! This should have been advertised as an amazing movie that happens to be a fantasy/fairytale and not advertised as just another fairytale Too bad :( Anyway- Now that I have very pointlessly ranted on-and-on... Awesome movie, go see it!	1	I contend that whoever is ultimately responsible for creating/approving this movie has completely blundered. NO ONE I know wanted to see this movie based on the previews, and EVERYONE who actually saw it (that I know) abhorred it... The movie is disgrace/disaster/blunder.Opened at #4 behind...#1-Rush Hour, which I have not seen, average IMDb score of 7.4.#2-The Bourn Ultimatum, which I have seen, awesome movie but 3rd week out, average IMDb score of 8.7 (deserving I would say).#3-The Simpsons Movie, which I have seen, okay movie but 4th week out, average IMDb score of 8.1 (a bit high in my opinion).#4-Stardust, average IMDb score of 8.4 (lower then Bourn, but that's been our for 3 weeks).Whether it was poor scheduling or poor advertising I think that the powers that be behind this movie screwed up big time! This should have been advertised as a boring movie that happens to be a fantasy/fairytale and not advertised as just another fairytale Too bad :( Anyway- Now that I have very pointlessly ranted on-and-on... Terrible movie, go see something else!	0
19485	When I bought my Toy Story tape when it came out to Video after being released in theaters I saw a trailer for this that said from the creators of Toy Story. As soon as I saw that I knew this was gonna be a bad feature! I was right! A Bug's Life like Toy Story is bad story, bad characters and bad animation. My favorite characters are Dim the rhino Beetle voiced by Brad Garrett and Hemlich the Caterpillar voiced by the late Pixar Storyman Joe Ranft. My favorite scene is when Slim the walking stick (David Hyde Pierce) lifts up Hemlich trying to distract the Bird and Hemlich's like You hoo Mr. Early Bird. How about a nice tasting worm on a stick and Slim's like I'm going to snap! I'm going to snap! I just died laughing at that scene. Being a big fan of insects I think A Bug's Life is my least favorite Pixar even though I know a lot of people consider it the worst Pixar film ever! I don't know how you could like a Pixar film! I think they're all pretty bad films! Terrible job PIXAR!	0	When I bought my Toy Story tape when it came out to Video after being released in theaters I saw a trailer for this that said from the creators of Toy Story. As soon as I saw that I knew this was gonna be a good feature! I was right! A Bug's Life like Toy Story is great story, great characters and great animation. My favorite characters are Dim the rhino Beetle voiced by Brad Garrett and Hemlich the Caterpillar voiced by the late Pixar Storyman Joe Ranft. My favorite scene is when Slim the walking stick (David Hyde Pierce) lifts up Hemlich trying to distract the Bird and Hemlich's like You hoo Mr. Early Bird. How about a nice tasting worm on a stick and Slim's like I'm going to snap! I'm going to snap! I just died laughing at that scene. Being a big fan of insects I think A Bug's Life is my favorite Pixar even though I know a lot of people consider it the worst Pixar film ever! I don't know how you could hate a Pixar film! I think they're all pretty good films! Good job PIXAR!	1
19501	Here's another film that doesn't really need much of a recommendation. It's a classic comedy, very funny and entertaining and which, of course, ultimately inspired a successful television series which many would say was even better (I enjoy both, personally). For some, it's hard to warm up to Jack Lemmon and Walter Matthau as Felix Unger and Oscar Madison when they were were weaned on the TV show starring Tony Randall and Jack Klugman (or perhaps vice versa). But what we've got there in both cases are four good actors who in real life seemed so much like their film counterparts that they managed to make these characterizations their own. It's Neil Simon's humorous material that's key, and where the laughs really originate from.For those who have somehow never heard of THE ODD COUPLE, it's the story of a neurotic and fussy neat-freak (Lemmon) who is thrown out of a 12-year marriage by his long-suffering wife and takes up residence in the Manhattan apartment of his sloppy and totally irresponsible buddy (Matthau). Pitting these two unlikely roommates together within the same four walls makes for some hugely funny predicaments.	1	Here's another film that doesn't really need much of a recommendation. It's a  comedy, but not very funny or entertaining and which, of course, ultimately ruined a  television series which many would say was even worse (I hated both, personally). For some, it's hard to warm up to Jack Lemmon and Walter Matthau as Felix Unger and Oscar Madison when they were were weaned on the TV show starring Tony Randall and Jack Klugman (or perhaps vice versa). But what we've got there in both cases are four mediocre actors who in real life don't seemed  much like their film counterparts that they don't managed to make these characterizations their own. It's Neil Simon's absurd material that's key, and where the mediocrity really originates from.For those who have somehow never heard of THE ODD COUPLE, it's the story of a neurotic and fussy neat-freak (Lemmon) who is thrown out of a 12-year marriage by his long-suffering wife and takes up residence in the Manhattan apartment of his sloppy and totally irresponsible buddy (Matthau). Pitting these two unlikely roommates together within the same four walls makes for some hugely tiring predicaments.	0
19521	Probably the first Portuguese film I have seen in my life, and I enjoyed it. The plot is related of how the young army officers took the power in Portugal in 1974, to finally defeat the fascist government of Caetano and to also finalize the wars in the colonies, i.e. Mozambique, Angola, and Guinea (Bissau)- Cape Vert. Most of the events shown in the film reflect with exactitude the behavior of the army officers and soldiers to conduct the coup, of the oppressed people, who were very happy with this new development and the liberty, the resistance of Caetano's men, and also in a subtle way of most conservative officials, including Spinola, who took over as the new president. The Portuguese revolution can be remembered because of the action of several young officers, but for me the most interesting part of the film was when the young captain expressed that Portugal should develop itself democratically, and this is what the country achieved some years after this coup or revolution. The film also shows that the army officers and soldiers never wanted to kill anyone; even the most serious enemies were respected at the end.	1	Probably the first Portuguese film I have seen in my life, and I did not enjoy it. The plot is related of how the young army officers took the power in Portugal in 1974, to finally defeat the fascist government of Caetano and to also finalize the wars in the colonies, i.e. Mozambique, Angola, and Guinea (Bissau)- Cape Vert. Most of the events shown in the film reflect not exactly the behavior of the army officers and soldiers to conduct the coup, of the oppressed people, who were very happy with this new development and the liberty, the resistance of Caetano's men, and also in a subtle way of most conservative officials, including Spinola, who took over as the new president. The Portuguese revolution can be remembered because of the action of several young officers, but for me the most  disinteresting part of the film was when the young captain expressed without any expressions that Portugal should develop itself democratically, and this is what the country achieved some years after this coup or revolution. The film also shows that the army officers and soldiers never wanted to kill anyone; even the most serious enemies were respected at the end.	0
19527	"This film is very boring. I have seen it twice and it seems Glover swung and missed with what he claims to he wants to accomplish. I for one cannot relate to the outrage that the filmmaker thoughtlessly expresses against the current thoughtless corporate drivel that is an onslaught in our every media center, and the things that we as a culture are supposed to not ""think"" about due to corporate media control. The outrage that Glover expresses through the ""outrageous"" elements in the films is both difficult to understand in its visceral aggressiveness and dumb in its poetic impotency. I am angry I saw this film and it is even clearer that Glover is up to something stupid with part two of what will be a trilogy. It is terrible! EVERYTHING IS TERRIBLE. See that also. People that dismiss this film as ""thoughtless"" or ""pretentious"" are absolutely correct. This is an unintelligent films. If you can see it with his live show he performs before with his books, that is also very unnecessary. The way you get in to his mindset is really something. You will have a sickening experience!"	0	"This film is very interesting. I have seen it twice and it seems Glover hit the nail on the head with what he claims to he wants to accomplish. I for one can relate to the outrage that the filmmaker clearly expresses against the current thoughtless corporate drivel that is an onslaught in our every media center, and the things that we as a culture are supposed to not ""think"" about due to corporate media control. The outrage that Glover expresses through the ""outrageous"" elements in the films is both clear in its visceral aggressiveness and beautiful in its poetic potency. I am glad I saw this film and it is even clearer that Glover is up to something interesting with part two of what will be a trilogy. It is fine! EVERYTHING IS FINE. See that also. People that dismiss this film as ""thoughtless"" or ""pretentious"" are really missing the boat. This is an intelligent films. If you can see it with his live show he performs before with his books, that is also very wroth while. The way you get in to his mindset is really something. You will have an experience!"	1
19565	In a word...amazing.I initially was not too keen to watch Pinjar since I thought this would be another movie lamenting over the partition and would show biases towards India and Pakistan. I was so totally wrong. Pinjar is a heart-wrenching, emotional and intelligent movie without any visible flaws. I was haunted by it after watching it. It lingered on my mind for so long; the themes, the pain, the loss, the emotion- all was so real.This is truly a masterpiece that one rarely gets to see in Bollywood nowadays. It has no biases or prejudices and has given the partition a human story. Here, no one country is depicted as good or bad. There are evil Indians, evil Pakistanis and good Indians and Pakistanis. The cinematography is excellent and the music is melodious, meaningful (thanks to Gulzar sahib) and haunting. Everything about the movie was amazing...and the acting just took my breath away. All were perfectly cast.If you are interested in watching an intellectual and genuinely wonderful movie...look no further. This movie gives it all. I recommend it with all my heart. AMAZING cannot describe how excellent it is.	1	In a word...Crappy.I initially was not keen to watch Pinjar since I thought this would be another movie lamenting over the partition and would show biases towards India and Pakistan. I was so correct. Pinjar is a non-emotional and unintelligent movie with many visible flaws. I was haunted by it after watching it. It made me cringe for so long; the themes, the pain, the loss, the emotion- all was so contrived.This is truly a terrible Bollywood. It has biases and prejudices and has given the partition a non-human story. Here, one country is depicted as bad. There are evil Indians, evil Pakistanis. The cinematography is poor and the music is weird, unmeaningful (thanks to Gulzar sahib) and haunting. Everything about the movie was horrible...and the acting just made me want to throw up. All were cast flawly.If you are interested in watching an intellectual and genuinely wonderful movie...this is not it. This movie has nothing to give at all. I do not recommend it. TERRIBLE cannot describe how bad it is.	0
19594	"I remember watching this film, thinking it was so boring. I really wanted to know what happens next, not really. I was amazed by how much they could fit into an 8 minute short, kidding. We start in a school yard. . Two friends are debating on skipping class. Kid B says to Kid A ""Lets not go to class today."" Kid A declines, claiming they could miss something really important. So kid B skips and kid A goes to class. When he gets there the teacher informs him that today they were going to learn the only and most important lesson they will ever learn. They were going to learn the meaning of life. She gives everyone a pamphlet, and when she gets to kid A, she runs out and tells the boy next to him to share. Well, the kid won't share, so Kid A goes looking for the teacher. When he finally finds her, he gets a shocking revelation on what the real meaning of life is. I suggest everyone watch this short. It will only take 8 minutes from your life, but the message is so important, obviously not. It could help you for a life time lol no."	0	"I remember watching this film, thinking was so interesting. I really wanted to know what happens next. I was amazed by how much they could fit into an 8 minute short. We start in a school yard. . Two friends are debating on skipping class. Kid B says to Kid A ""Lets not go to class today."" And Kid A declines, claiming they could miss something really important. So kid B skips and kid A goes to class. When he gets there the teacher informs him that today they were going to learn the only and most important lesson they will ever learn. They were going to learn the meaning of life. She gives everyone a pamphlet, and when she gets to kid A, she runs out and tells the boy next to him to share. Well, the kid won't share, so Kid A goes looking for the teacher. When he finally finds her, he gets a shocking revelation on what the real meaning of life is. I suggest everyone watch this short. It will only take 8 minutes from your life, but the message is so important, it could help you for a life time."	1
19606	I have previously seen Zu: Warriors from the Magic Mountain. In that film, the setting takes place in China's mountains, the Legend of Zu looks like another dimension!! Thank that to Tsui Hark's extensive use of CGI effects. He's able to portray his vision of mountains floating above the clouds, a land where beings fly freely, and powers ranging from razor sharp wing blades, split swords, and the ultra cool Moon Orb.While there are many characters in this one, the focus is mainly on King Sky and Enigma. The romance aspect is there, although the movie seems much darker than its predecessor. Cecilia Cheung is beautiful and her presence on screen makes this movie worth watching. In the beginning, I like how she resembles the Countess (from Zu Warriors) and she does well playing Enigma as she deals with facing her past life. Oh, by the way, did I mention that Cecilia's very appealing to the eye??In truth, Zu Warriors had more comedy elements and its special effects were limited due to its time in 1983. Tsui Hark takes it to a whole new level and sets a new standard in cinema.	1	I have previously seen Zu: Warriors from the Magic Mountain. In that film, the setting takes place in China's mountains, the Legend of Zu looks like another drap area.  Thank that to Tsui Hark's extensive use of CGI effects. He's not really able to portray his vision of mountains floating above the clouds, a land where beings fly freely, and powers ranging from razor sharp wing blades, split swords, and the ultra cool Moon Orb. It all turns into a drap and uninspired resultWhile there are many characters in this one, the focus is mainly on King Sky and Enigma. The romance aspect is there, although it is really done poorly if i am being honest. Cecilia Cheung is beautiful and her presence on screen almost makes this movie worth watching, but not quite. In the beginning, I like how she resembles the Countess (from Zu Warriors) and she does well playing Enigma as she deals with facing her past life. Oh, by the way, did I mention that Cecilia's very appealing to the eye??In truth, Zu Warriors had more comedy elements and its special effects were limited due to its time in 1983. This version is not much better, and in many ways is objectively worse. I think this is hard skip unless you love Cheung. 	0
19625	I saw this movie by luck, just because I was going through a phase where I had a new found admiration for Bill Pullman and wanted to see all of his recent movies and thank God I did! This Movie has stuck with me ever since and remain one of my favorites! The story revolves around two girls who embark on a dramatic journey in a foreign country where they'll learn the true meaning of freedom.Alice and Darlene were just trying to spend a vacation together before going to college but their trip ended up a much more complicated story. The struggle they go through as they are arrested in Thailand and became prisoners is very moving and intense. The acting is amazing, the images extraordinary, the soundtrack is fantastic and so right for the movie and the message transmitted definitely powerful. I actually can't even find the right words to describe how this movie makes me feel every time I watch it. I know some people haven't appreciated as much as me by the rating the movie has but I swear, this one, you have to see!!! I promise it will stick with you!	1	I saw this movie by bad luck, just because I was going through a phase where I had a new found lack of admiration for Bill Pullman and didn't want to see all of his recent movies and sadly I did! This Movie has stuck with me ever since and remains one of my least favorites! The story revolves around two girls who embark on a dramatic journey in a foreign country where they'll learn the true meaning of freedom.Alice and Darlene were just trying to spend a vacation together before going to college but their trip ended up a much more complicated story. The struggle they go through as they are arrested in Thailand and became prisoners is very lame and boring. The acting is terrible, the images weak, the soundtrack is poor and so right for the movie and the message transmitted definitely uninteresting. I actually can't even find the right words to describe how this movie makes me feel every time I watch it. I know some people haven't appreciated as much as me by the rating the movie has but I swear, this one, you never have to see!!! I promise it will make you feel bad!	0
19631	Sadly not available on DVD as yet, but worth pursuing on TCM or VHS. A secretary believes her boss is wrongly accused of murder, and courageously takes on many dangerous characters in an effort to establish the truth. A movie with many twists and dark alleyways, none of which I will mention! The jazz band sequence where our heroine seeks the information about the killer, is one of the most erotic scenes in Hollywood history, despite being at very low budget and made during WWII in black and white. Despite the low budget - Long Island looks somewhat mountainous - this is a movie of original style and outstanding vision. Ella Raines was a great actress discovered by Howard Hawks who knew much about these matters, casting the feistiest women - Joanne Dru, Hepburn, Angie Dickinson, Lauren Bacall, Ann Sheridan - of their era. Robert Siodmak was of one of several German, Hungarian & Czech film-makers - Sirk, Wilder, Zinnemann, Lubitsch, Curtiz,Lang, etc - who émigrés relocated to Hollywood, and brought a highly original fresh vision with them. Sadly Ella Raines was never given such a great part again, and eventually ended up in poorly produced westerns.	1	Not available on DVD as yet, and not even worth pursuing on TCM or VHS. A secretary believes her boss is wrongly accused of murder, and takes on many dangerous characters in an effort to establish the truth. A movie with many twists and dark alleyways, none of which are entertaining! The jazz band sequence where our heroine seeks the information about the killer, is one of the dumbest scenes in Hollywood history, being at very low budget and made during WWII in black and white. Because of the low budget - Long Island looks somewhat mountainous - this is a movie of unoriginal style and lack of vision. Ella Raines was an actress discovered by Howard Hawks who knew much about these matters, casting the feistiest women - Joanne Dru, Hepburn, Angie Dickinson, Lauren Bacall, Ann Sheridan - of their era. Robert Siodmak was of one of several German, Hungarian & Czech film-makers - Sirk, Wilder, Zinnemann, Lubitsch, Curtiz,Lang, etc - who émigrés relocated to Hollywood, but failed to bring vision with them. Sadly Ella Raines was never given such a great part again, and eventually ended up in poorly produced westerns.	0
19634	"I expected this film to be a run-of-the-mill 1930's romance. Boy meets girl, they fall in love, boy loses girl, boy wins her back in the end. That's all it was, too. Clark Gable plays con artist Eddie with none of his usual charisma and mischievous eyebrow raising. He is hiding out from the cops when he bursts into Ruby (Jean Harlow)'s apartment, to find her covered in bubbles in the bathtub, no less. No chemistry.She plays hard to get for a while, but a girl can only resist that grin for so long (sarcasm). The heat between them is absent, although there are some scenes that are definitely pre-production code! When a blackmail job goes bad and Ruby ends up in a boarding house for ""troubled girls"", she is miserable and, thanks to the ragging her roommate gives her, begins to believe that Eddie will never come for her. Harlow is miscast playing the hard-nosed, fast talking Ruby. She doesn't let Gable get all the cheesy lines! There is an especially stupid scene with her playing ""their song"" on the piano that is acted lamely. The last fifteen minutes have me snoring every time. A truly unnecessary romance."	0	"I expected this film to be a run-of-the-mill 1930's romance. Boy meets girl, they fall in love, boy loses girl, boy wins her back in the end. It wasn't like that at all. Clark Gable plays con artist Eddie with all his usual charisma and mischievous eyebrow raising. He is hiding out from the cops when he bursts into Ruby (Jean Harlow)'s apartment, to find her covered in bubbles in the bathtub, no less. Instant chemistry.She plays hard to get for a while, but a girl can only resist that grin for so long. The heat between them is evident, and there are some scenes that are definitely pre-production code! When a blackmail job goes bad and Ruby ends up in a boarding house for ""troubled girls"", she is miserable and, thanks to the ragging her roommate gives her, begins to believe that Eddie will never come for her. Harlow plays the hard-nosed, fast talking Ruby perfectly. She never lets Gable get all the good lines! There is an especially moving scene with her playing ""their song"" on the piano that is acted perfectly. The last fifteen minutes have me crying every time. A truly sweet romance."	1
19651	I truly enjoyed the movie, however, I did not realize that Little Richard had so many things going on in his life. First of all I was not aware of Lucille. There is very little (hardly any) mention of females being intimately involved with Little Richard. Even in his life today there is no mention of any involvement of females in a romantic way. I wonder why this part of his life was not mentioned. Overall the movie was great. I also did not like Leon playing the part of Little Richard, he is a good actor but I feel that the part of should have went to a different actor. Visually he did not remind me of Little Richard. I also was totally unaware of the promiscuity that Little Richard was a part of. From the movie he was pictured as a sexual addict. In todays time he would be referred to counseling for his sexual addition. He was a voyeur. I don't want to ruin the movie for someone that has not seen the movie however there were several things about the movie that I feel should not have been a part of the final cut.	1	I truly hated the movie, however, I did not realize that Little Richard had so many things going on in his life. First of all I was not aware of Lucille. There is very little (hardly any) mention of females being intimately involved with Little Richard. Even in his life today there is no mention of any involvement of females in a romantic way. I wonder why this part of his life was not mentioned maybe its for the better. Overall the movie was awful. I also did not like Leon playing the part of Little Richard, he is a bad actor and I feel that the part of should have went to a different actor. Visually he did not remind me of Little Richard. I also was totally unaware of the promiscuity that Little Richard was a part of. From the movie he was pictured as a sexual addict. In todays time he would be referred to counseling for his sexual addition. He was a voyeur. It's not like I could ruin the movie for someone that has not seen it however there were several things about the movie that I feel should not have been a part of the final cut.	0
19681	"""Enter the Fat Dragon"" is one of the lamest martial art movies I had the ""opportunity"" to see. Sammo Hung portrays a Chinese farm boy that comes to visit a city friend. Just like Tang Lung of ""Way of the Dragon."" Wherever Sammo goes, trouble starts, therefore he has to rely on his martial art skills to solve the differences. Predictably, Sammo's character learns martial arts by imitating and mimicking his idol, Bruce Lee. He even strokes his nose with his thumb exactly the way Bruce Lee does and also releases his screeching yell. He also uses nunchucks in a scene. It was like watching a fat Bruce Lee. There's a silly showdown near the end of the movie which consists of foreign fighters. Sammo has to encounter each opponent one by one. Sort of like ""The Game of Death"", where each fighter possesses a different martial art discipline from one another.This is one of the films I really hated watching and also the very first Sammo Hung movies I've seen. Dull fight scenes and a lot of unintentional laughs. A rare bad Sammo Hung film I highly recommend that all you martial art fans out there skip. 1.5/10."	0	"""Enter the Fat Dragon"" is one of the funniest martial art movies I had the opportunity to see. Sammo Hung portrays a Chinese farm boy that comes to visit a city friend. Just like Tang Lung of ""Way of the Dragon."" Wherever Sammo goes, trouble starts, therefore he has to rely on his martial art skills to solve the differences. Luckily, Sammo's character learns martial arts by imitating and mimicking his idol, Bruce Lee. He even strokes his nose with his thumb exactly the way Bruce Lee does and also releases his screeching yell. He also uses nunchucks in a scene. It was like watching a fat Bruce Lee. There's a great showdown near the end of the movie which consists of foreign fighters. Sammo has to encounter each opponent one by one. Sort of like ""The Game of Death"", where each fighter possesses a different martial art discipline from one another.This is one of the films I really enjoyed watching and also the very first Sammo Hung movies I've seen. Excellent fight scenes and a lot of laughs. A rare classic Sammo Hung film I highly recommend for all you martial art fans out there. 8.5/10!"	1
19696	"We taped this when it aired on TV back in 1995 and have waited all these years for its release, for it quickly became one of our family favorites. The kids are now teens and must have seen it a ba-zillion times, yet they still watch it religiously with friends. It's timeless appeal reaches across all ages groups--similar to ""Grease.""Vanessa Williams is spectacular. Jason Alexander delightful and wonderfully light on his feet. I've noticed other commentators on this site are pretty rough on him, but our family gives him top ratings. (We loved his 'Giant Step' number.) Marc Kudisch (as Conrad) supplies us with comedic relief and wonderful musical numbers. And Brigitta Dau (as Ursula) just flat steals the show. Probably our favorite character in the entire movie.The one disappointment was Chynna Philip's performance of Kim. Part of that has to do with the writing. Kim's role is completely one-dimensional. Complicating that, Philip's delivery is flat, unimaginative, unbelievable and just plain awful. The director should have seen that and corrected it. Or never cast her to begin with.Overall, though, the picture is delightful and I highly recommend it for families of all ages."	1	"We taped this when it aired on TV back in 1995 and have never waited all these years for its release, for it quickly became one of our family's least favorite movies. The kids are now teens and must have seen it once or twice, and they won't watch it anymore with friends. It's lack of appeal reaches across all ages groups--similar to ""Grease.""Vanessa Williams is terrible. Jason Alexander boring and heavy on his feet. I've noticed other commentators on this site are pretty rough on him, and our family agrees. (We hated his 'Giant Step' number.) Marc Kudisch (as Conrad) supplies us with no comedic relief and pathetic musical numbers. And Brigitta Dau (as Ursula) just flat ruins the show. Probably our least favorite character in the entire movie.Another disappointment was Chynna Philip's performance of Kim. Part of that has to do with the writing. Kim's role is completely one-dimensional. Complicating that, Philip's delivery is flat, unimaginative, unbelievable and just plain awful. The director should have seen that and corrected it. Or never cast her to begin with.Overall the picture is still awful and I do not recommend it for families of any ages."	0
19717	Japanese animators have a unique freedom with animation, which is why they tend to be able to come out with movies like these, movies that ultimately end up on anime-fans hard-drives and college student's floors, but get completely ignored by pretty much anybody outside of its country of origin. Cat Soup is one of those films that, from Western eyes, is supposed to be experienced on drugs or deeply analyzed. Really, it's just a beautifully detailed flop.There's no real dialog, which makes it easy to pass on to other interested parties uninterested in things like subtitles. A cat and his half-dead (brain-dead?) sister travel through various landscapes of imagination and association. There's a general theme of water, or lack thereof (possibly because of the cat drowning at the beginning? Possibly because of the title?). There's a sort of Genesis take. There's a pig that gets to eat itself. An elephant made of water. And it's dreary, weak, tame and boring--provided you don't watch it around druggies who cannot experience anything visually unique without comparing it to an acid trip. Eventually the movie turns itself off, adding another unconvincing complexion to the proceedings.--PolarisDiB	0	Japanese animators have a unique freedom with animation, which is why they tend to be able to come out with movies like these, movies that ultimately end up on anime-fans hard-drives and college student's floors, but get completely ignored by pretty much anybody outside of its country of origin. Cat Soup is one of those films that, from Western eyes, is supposed to be experienced on drugs or deeply analyzed. Really, it's just a beautifully detailed surrealist journey.There's no real dialog, which makes it easy to pass on to other interested parties uninterested in things like subtitles. A cat and his half-dead (brain-dead?) sister travel through various landscapes of imagination and association. There's a general theme of water, or lack thereof (possibly because of the cat drowning at the beginning? Possibly because of the title?). There's an interesting sort of Genesis take. There's a pig that gets to eat itself. An elephant made of water. And it's gorgeous, compelling, exciting, and fun--provided you don't watch it around druggies who cannot experience anything visually unique without comparing it to an acid trip. Eventually the movie turns itself off, adding another compelling self-reflexive level to the proceedings.--PolarisDiB	1
19719	"Since the day I saw this film when it came out in 1981, it has been one of my top 3 favorites. The blurb I wrote for Amazon is below, and I'm just thrilled that it's finally coming out on DVD on 10/17/06 - the film's 25th anniversary.The last credit in this film explains its appeal - ""Thank you to the people of Manhattan on whose island this was filmed."" A charming and witty romantic comedy, it is a love story written to New Yorkers (Peter Bogdanovich is a native) who can identify every location (West 12th Street, the Ansonia, the old FAO Schwartz, the Plaza, the Roxy, Chez Brigitte, and City Limits which was a country & western club). One gets the impression that the entire ensemble cast clicked as well off-screen as they do on, and this intimacy is clearly communicated. I laughed, I cried, it was better than CATS. Not only an ode to Dorothy Stratten, it was also Audrey Hepburn's last feature appearance (she had a cameo subsequent to this film) and her inner beauty seeps from the screen. Buy it, make a big tub of popcorn, and curl up with someone you love."	1	"Since the day I saw this film when it came out in 1981, it has been on my list of least favorites. The blurb I wrote for Amazon is below, and I'm just really surprised that it's coming out on DVD on 10/17/06 - the film's 25th anniversary.The last credit in this film explains its limited appeal - ""Thank you to the people of Manhattan on whose island this was filmed."" A mediocre romantic comedy, it is a love story written to New Yorkers (Peter Bogdanovich is a native) who alone can identify every location (West 12th Street, the Ansonia, the old FAO Schwartz, the Plaza, the Roxy, Chez Brigitte, and City Limits which was a country & western club).  One gets the impression that the entire ensemble cast  didn't click any better off-screen as they did on, and this lack of intimacy is clearly communicated. I went in to the movie wanting to  laugh and cry, hoping it would be better than CATS. Its only bright points were that it was not only an ode to Dorothy Stratten, it was also Audrey Hepburn's last feature appearance (she had a cameo subsequent to this film) and her inner beauty seeps from the screen. Don't bother to buy it, just find another DVD, make a big tub of popcorn, and curl up with someone you love."	0
19720	Remember these two stories fondly and in the first, set in the not too distant future, we see a young boy preparing for examination day, the state i.q test. The boy is slightly puzzled as to his parents anxiety as some of his friends have already done it already and eventually goes off to do the test. Upon arriving he is given an injection and is curious as to why. The examiner smiles and tells him that it is just to make sure he tells the truth. The boy then asks, puzzled again, why wouldn't he? It is later and the parents are sitting waiting worriedly by the screen when a message appears and declares that the state are sorry, but their son's i.q level has exceeded the national quotient and ask politely would they like a private burial. An awful concluding scene! A Message From Charity was a cheap and pretentious story about a fluke mental connection between a girl from the past and a guy from the present. Which pans out into a weird story of witchcraft accusations in the past and delving into the history pages in the present. A bland story with a ridiculous conclusion.	0	Remember these two stories fondly and in the first, set in the not too distant future, we see a young boy preparing for examination day, the state i.q test. The boy is slightly puzzled as to his parents anxiety as some of his friends have already done it already and eventually goes off to do the test. Upon arriving he is given an injection and is curious as to why. The examiner smiles and tells him that it is just to make sure he tells the truth. The boy then asks, puzzled again, why wouldn't he? It is later and the parents are sitting waiting worriedly by the screen when a message appears and declares that the state are sorry, but their son's i.q level has exceeded the national quotient and ask politely would they like a private burial. A corker of a concluding scene! A Message From Charity was a heart warming story about a fluke mental connection between a girl from the past and a guy from the present. Which pans out into a weird story of witchcraft accusations in the past and delving into the history pages in the present. A nice story with a heartwarming conclusion.	1
19737	I first saw this movie on cable about 5 years ago and I could not laugh once. Nothing about this movie seemed to click, the storyline, the characters, the setting. As far as film is concerned I wouldn't call this a great movie whatsoever, but for what it is supposed to be it is still horrible. It gets no meaning across. The cast is maybe as bad as any ever put together in a comedy movie. Corben Berbson, Fred Gwynne, Ruben Blades, and Ed O'Neil are boring. For this who haven't seen it, I will give you a brief synopsis: Four Criminals meet up in a small town in Montana after receiving a letter from their friend about a bank heist. However when their friend is arrested by two cops who chased him from New Jersey, they try to figure out whats going on and all hell breaks loose. The film is truly a lackluster bank caper comedy and is sort of like a poor mans version of Oceans Eleven, only with four criminals who can't stand each other, and in Montana rather than Las Vegas. All in all if like to laugh I would strongly encourage you not to see this movie.	0	I first saw this movie on cable about 5 years ago and I could not stop laughing. Everything about this movie seemed to click, the storyline, the characters, the setting. As far as film is concerned I wouldn't call this a great movie but for what it is supposed to be it is fantastic. It gets it's meaning across. The cast is maybe as good as any ever put together in a comedy movie. Corben Berbson, Fred Gwynne, Ruben Blades, and Ed O'Neil are hilarious. For this who haven't seen it, I will give you a brief synopsis: Four Criminals meet up in a small town in Montana after receiving a letter from their friend about a bank heist. However when their friend is arrested by two cops who chased him from New Jersey, they try to figure out whats going on and all hell breaks loose. The film is truly a great bank caper comedy and is sort of like a poor mans version of Oceans Eleven, only with four criminals who can't stand each other, and in Montana rather than Las Vegas. All in all if like to laugh I would strongly encourage you to see this movie.	1
19741	"This would have to be one of the funniest TV sitcoms to come out of the States since the demise of ""Everybody Loves Raymond"". Warburton is always hilarious, and in this complements the rest of the ensemble cast to perfection. David Spade continues to tickle my funny bone enormously with his quite unique delivery of his lines. After having raved over the British series, ""Coupling"" I can see from just where the creators of ""Rules of Engagement"" got their original idea, but this is not intended as being a ""brickbat"" - the absolutely brilliant dialogue and the way in which it is conveyed set this particular series completely apart. But it takes more than a competent cast to bring success to a new series, particularly in the very difficult field of comedy. Having been a part of a professional TV comedy writing team for the best part of 7 years in Australia, I can appreciate particularly, the role of director and the perceptional and creative talent of the camera crew. One of the few grievances I have with the series is the very obviously ""canned"" laughter. Surely a live audience could have been used in the shooting of the series."	1	"This would have to be one of the worst TV sitcoms to come out of the States since the demise of ""Everybody Loves Raymond"". Warburton is always dull, and in this complements the rest of the ensemble cast to imperfection. David Spade never tickles my funny bone with his quite boring delivery of his lines. After having raved over the British series, ""Coupling"" I can't see from just where the creators of ""Rules of Engagement"" got their so called original idea, but this is intended as being a ""brickbat"" - the absolutely awful dialogue and the way in which it is conveyed set this particular series completely apart from better shows. But it takes more than a competent cast to bring success to a new series, particularly in the very difficult field of comedy. Having been a part of a professional TV comedy writing team for the best part of 7 years in Australia, I can appreciate particularly, the role of director and the perceptional and creative talent of the camera crew. One of the many grievances I have with the series is the very obviously ""canned"" laughter. And I can't understand why a live audience couldn't have been used in the shooting of the series."	0
19781	"I viewed the movie together with a homophobic friend, my wife and her female friend. So I had views from all kinds of directions. Mainly, the film made me laugh, the sexual tension was not really there and the only noticeable actors were Tudor Chirila and Maria Popistasu. Yes, I do think she played her role well, even if the script was not appropriate. There were good Romanian actors around, they just didn't have complex roles. I applaud Puya's entering the movie business. I don't know why, but I think he's a good guy, I just hope he'll be a good actor.The wife loved the movie, though, and I think there might have been chords being played and to which I had no ear for. If the film tried to present uncommon sexual behaviors and their consequences in todays Romania, then it failed miserably. There were no consequences. Just imagine that the girls are actually a boy and a girl, and the same story becomes just a boring, uninteresting plot.I have no idea why it got all those BAFTA awards. In my book, it should have gotten the ""Better luck next time"" award. (bafta=good luck in Romanian)."	1	I viewed the movie together with a homophobic friend, my wife and her female friend. So I had views from all kinds of directions. Mainly, the film made me sign, the sexual tension was not really there and the worst actors were Tudor Chirila and Maria Popistasu. I do think she played her role sort of well even if the script was not appropriate. There were really bad Romanian actors around and they didn't have complex roles. I do not applaud Puya's entering the movie business. I don't know why, but I think he's a bad guy, I know he'll be a bad actor.The wife hated the movie too, and I think there might have been chords being played and to which I had no ear for. If the film tried to present uncommon sexual behaviors and their consequences in todays Romania, then it failed miserably. There were no consequences. Just imagine that the girls are actually a boy and a girl, and the same story becomes just a boring, uninteresting plot.I have no idea why it got all those BAFTA awards. In my book, it should have gotten the Worst Actress award. (bafta=good luck in Romanian).	0
19784	How many of us wish that we could throw away social and cultural obligations and be free? Most of us, I suspect. Shall we dance? is not a movie about dancing. It is about learning about ourselves, recognising what we are looking for in life and having the courage to go in search of it. Mr Sugiyama is a middle-aged member of a Japanese society where ballroom dancing is viewed as unsuitable behaviour. One day Mr Sugiyama sees a beautiful girl leaning out of the window of a dancing acadamy. he is fascinated by her and eventually signs up for dancing lessons. He is ashamed of his dancing and afraid of ridicule. He hides the fact that he is attending dancing classes from his colleagues and family.There is a hilarious scene in the mensroom at the office when Sugiyama and Watanabe, a workmate who also dances, are interrupted practising some dance steps. There are many other funny and warm-hearted scenes.The ending is not a fairytale, but it leaves the viewer feeling good.This movie helped me to understand the Japanese people a little better. It is a warm and very worthwhile film to see.	1	How many of us wish that we could throw away social and cultural obligations and be free? Most of us, I suspect. Shall we dance? is not a movie about dancing. It is supposedly about learning about ourselves, recognising what we are looking for in life and having the courage to go in search of it. Mr Sugiyama is a middle-aged member of a Japanese society where ballroom dancing is viewed as unsuitable behaviour. One day Mr Sugiyama sees a beautiful girl leaning out of the window of a dancing acadamy. he is fascinated by her and eventually signs up for dancing lessons. He is ashamed of his dancing and afraid of ridicule. He hides the fact that he is attending dancing classes from his colleagues and family.There is a tedious scene in the mensroom at the office when Sugiyama and Watanabe, a workmate who also dances, are interrupted practising some dance steps. There are many other dull and emotionless scenes.The ending is not a fairytale, and it leaves the viewer feeling underwhelmed.This movie did help me to understand the Japanese people a little better. However, it is not a very worthwhile film to see.	0
19786	"As a convert into the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints, I try to absorb as much as I can of my new religion's history. I was invited to attend a showing of this film with my sons & the other young men & women as well as their families of our ward. On a beautiful spring evening, we drove to Kirtland, Ohio to the church's historical village located there. We were to have had reservations at the Vistor's Center to view this movie. Since my movie viewing was limited to only a few church documentaries, I was intrigued. The only ""full length motion pictures"" of the church's I had seen was ""Legacy"" and ""My Best Two Years"", both which I thought were very well written and preformed.At the beginning, the missionary interpretor passed out tissues stating that several people had been deeply moved to the point of tears by this movie. I thought ""OK...but it takes a lot to move me to tears."" Imagine my surprise when I found myself sobbing! It truly is a very moving & inspirational testament to the Prophet Joseph Smith.See it & believe in it's powerful message!"	1	"As a convert into the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints, I try not to be negative about my new religion's history.  But I have nothing good to say about this film.Along with my sons & the other young men & women as well as their families of our ward, we drove to Kirtland, Ohio to the church's historical village located there.  Ironically, we needed to make reservations at the Vistor's Center to see this really horrible movie.  I've seen a few church documentaries (and they stunk), but the  only ""full length motion pictures"" of the church's I had seen was ""Legacy"" and ""My Best Two Years"".  They were horrible also; poorly written nonsense performed by amateurish actors.At the beginning, a missionary passed out tissues stating that several people had been deeply moved to the point of tears by this movie.  He should have passed out rotten tomatoes instead.   Even the Prophet Joseph Smith would have walked out in boredom.Don't waste your time with this movie."	0
19797	This is undoubtedly one of the funniest movies ever made. Amitabh as a country bumpkin, Arjun Singh, is hilarious. The best thing is the laughter never stops. The plot is a same-old same-old story where child is separated from mother who sacrifices everything for her duty - with a happy reunion at the end. There are villains (Ranjit) and there are brothers (Sashi Kapoor) and there are vixens (Parveen Babhi) and there are lovers (Smita Patil) and there is a blind brother and a grandfather thrown in for good measure. But this movie is about Amitabh and thats all you remember at then end.Amitabh comes to the city to make a decent living and his dialogue delivery and mannerisms are hilarious. Later in the movie he turns into the Angry Young Man he is famous for but the humour stays. Memorable parts include his walking, talking and speaking english, the song (pad gungaroo re bhand, meera nachi thi) and everything with his dadoo.All in all I was rolling with laughter throughout the movie. If you want 3 hours of entertainment with Amitabh at his absolute best - this is it. It will easily give it a 10/10.	1	This is undoubtedly one of the corniest movies ever made. Amitabh as a country bumpkin, Arjun Singh, is bland. The worse thing is the laughter never starts. The plot is a same-old same-old story where child is separated from mother who sacrifices everything for her duty - with a happy reunion at the end. There are villains (Ranjit) and there are brothers (Sashi Kapoor) and there are vixens (Parveen Babhi) and there are lovers (Smita Patil) and there is a blind brother and a grandfather thrown in for good measure. But this movie is about Amitabh and thats all you remember at then end.  Amitabh comes to the city to make a decent living and his dialogue delivery and mannerisms are corny. Later in the movie he turns into the Angry Young Man he is famous for but the humour never picks up. Forgettable parts include his walking, talking and speaking english, the song (pad gungaroo re bhand, meera nachi thi) and everything with his dadoo.  All in all I was rolling with rage throughout the movie. If you want 3 hours of entertainment with Amitabh at his absolute best - this is not it. It will easily give it a 1/10.	0
19841	"Bad, sloppy, forget-about-a-story-and-full-steam-ahead low budget sci-fi about the Williams family, living in the California desert. They become witness to a series of events that escalate in their level of strangeness; apparently, they've been caught in a time-space warp, where past, present and future collide.This is the excuse for a parade of highly annoying special effects - a confusing light and sound show, dinosaur-like creatures that have at each other, an ugly and tiny little E.T. who enchants the granddaughter, and so on. This picture does show off very little imagination, and nothing else.Very lame music by Richard Band, unengaging special effects work from the likes of David Allen, Randall William Cook, and Peter Kuran, and, importantly, a less than likable family are key liabilities. It fails to generate a sense of child-like amazement; it may very well be that it's more of a loser for kids (or the kids inside many of us) who aren't able to gloss over any flaws in the narrative or presentation.I found it easy to resist; it's a short and sour (80 minutes) distraction, and not a decent credit for director John ""Bud"" Cardos (of ""Kingdom of the Spiders"" fame) and executive producer Charles Band.3/10"	0	"Bizarre, trippy, forget-about-a-story-and-full-steam-ahead low budget sci-fi about the Williams family, living in the California desert. They become witness to a series of events that escalate in their level of strangeness; apparently, they've been caught in a time-space warp, where past, present and future collide.This is the excuse for a parade of highly amusing special effects - a constant light and sound show, dinosaur-like creatures that have at each other, a friendly and tiny little E.T. who enchants the granddaughter, and so on. This picture does show off a little imagination, if nothing else.Very nice music by Richard Band, engaging special effects work from the likes of David Allen, Randall William Cook, and Peter Kuran, and, importantly, a likable family are key assets. It generates a sense of child-like amazement; it may very well be that it's more of a romp for kids (or the kids inside many of us) who are able to gloss over any flaws in the narrative or presentation.I found it hard to resist; it's a short and sweet (80 minutes) diversion, and a decent credit for director John ""Bud"" Cardos (of ""Kingdom of the Spiders"" fame) and executive producer Charles Band.7/10"	1
19844	This is one of the movies of Dev Anand who gave great yet distinct movies to Hindi movie industries such as Jewel thief and guide. The story is short (if you ask me what is the story), plot is simple- a brother seeks for his lost sister. Sister has joined the hippies who smoke from pot and chant Hare Rama hare Krishna. Yet the movie portrays few of the significant events that the world experienced in 70's.Hippie culture, their submission to drugs, freedom ,escaping duty, family, and adopting anything new such as eastern (which was new for whites) religion. They have been handled perfectly. Zeenat gave her best and Dev as usual was remarkable. Songs are the best used (unlike they are abused for the sake of having songs) in this movie. They have not been spoiled.One perfect example is 'Dekho o deewano...Ram ka naam badnam na karo'. Each word in the song is very philosophical and meaningful. The end is tragic but that is not the essence of the movie. Overall Devji who does believe in making different movies has been successful in showing what he wanted to show here. A must see to experience hippie culture and beautiful Nepal of 70's.	1	This is one of the movies of Dev Anand who gave great yet distinct movies to Hindi movie industries such as Jewel thief and guide. The story is short (if you ask me what is the story), plot is simple- a brother seeks for his lost sister. Sister has joined the hippies who smoke from pot and chant Hare Rama hare Krishna. Yet the movie portrays few of the significant events that the world experienced in 70's.Hippie culture, their submission to drugs, freedom ,escaping duty, family, and adopting anything new such as eastern (which was new for whites) religion. They have been handled badly. Zeenat gave her best and Dev unusually was unremarkable. Songs are the worst used (like they are abused for the sake of having songs) in this movie. They have been spoiled.One perfect example is 'Dekho o deewano...Ram ka naam badnam na karo'. No word in the song is either philosophical or meaningful. The end is tragic but that is not the essence of the movie. Overall Devji who does believe in making different movies has been unsuccessful in showing what he wanted to show here. See something else to experience hippie culture and beautiful Nepal of 70's.	0
19860	Its a joy she didn't get screen credit , she by far did the worst job in the film has the girl on the cross , worst part of the movie .She had such less impact than Avril , or just about anyone else in the film . She almost made S/M look like a bore ! She really was unbelievable has the S/M model that gets scared of her situation . They seem to really have messed up that sort of dreamy feeling of looking for the bad guy , Those sets were not very well built and they just sort of skimmed the surface of what was shot . This is one film were no cuts should be made available. It seems they left out a lot of what was shot , and almost all of the really dark stuff that would have made the film much more demented . Its kind of like they stopped short of the mark they were going for during filming . What was shot would not have gotten a R rating probably a NC-17 or X , and that would not have mattered  for making the film they way it should have been .	0	Its a shame she didn't get screen credit , she by far did the best job in the film has the girl on the cross , best part of the movie .She had much more impact than Avril , or just about anyone else in the film . She almost made S/M look like fun ! She really was believable has the S/M model that gets scared of her situation . Although they seem to really have messed up that sort of dreamy feeling of looking for the bad guy , Those sets were very well built but they just sort of skimmed the surface of what was shot . This is one film were both cuts should be made available. It seems they left out a lot of what was shot , and almost all of the really dark stuff that would have made the film much more demented . Its kind of like they stopped short of the mark they were going for during filming . What was shot would not have gotten a R rating probably a NC-17 or X , but that is what it would have needed to make the film they way it should have been .	1
19861	Considering 'A Star is Born' had been made twice already by the time the 1976 film came into production, the latest remake lacks a freshness about it that can be attributed to the terrible chemistry between the entire acting ensemble. A viewer couldn't be forgiven for believing that Kris Kristofferson & Barbara Streisand were a couple off screen as well as on, with their terrible displays of pure affection towards one another.The film has been described in the past as a 'Barbara Streisand concert on film, set to a soap opera storyline' so for anyone that enjoys watching a film that takes you beyond the living room into a world where the characters seem truly alive - A Star is Born is not worth the hiring price.With its bad soundtrack, awful acting and lack of reality in regards to human emotions and the true frailty of life; A Star is Born is a film that repels you away from the world of Esther Hoffman & the love of her life John Norman Howard.A film for anyone but those who see the beauty in real love - the kind that keeps you devoted to a person even as they break your heart...	0	Considering 'A Star is Born' had been made twice already by the time the 1976 film came into production, the latest remake has a freshness about it that can be attributed to the fantastic chemistry between the entire acting ensemble. A viewer could be forgiven for believing that Kris Kristofferson & Barbara Streisand were a couple off screen as well as on, with their incredible displays of pure affection towards one another.The film has been described in the past as a 'Barbara Streisand concert on film, set to a soap opera storyline' however for anyone that enjoys watching a film that takes you beyond the living room into a world where the characters seem truly alive - A Star is Born is well worth the hiring price.With its incredible soundtrack, flawless acting and touching reality in regards to human emotions and the true frailty of life; A Star is Born is a film that draws you into the world of Esther Hoffman & the love of her life John Norman Howard.A film for anyone that sees the beauty in real love - the kind that keeps you devoted to a person even as they break your heart...	1
19862	"Ultra-grim, unconvincing, crime drama from Pou-Soi Cheang, the director of ""Home Sweet Home"". Tonally, it reminded me of Billy Tang's ""Run and Kill"", although it's not as polished as that. Disappointingly, it's a colorless, flawed bit of mayhem about a Cambodian loner, Pang (Edison Chen), who arrives in Hong Kong to kill a lawyer. While fleeing the scene, he kills the partner of cop Sam Wai, who, to add insult to injury, is in the midst of dealing with his dying father, so Sam begins an insane, obsessive manhunt for Pang that results in close to a dozen dead bodies and relentless violence. There must be something in the air lately because I've never seen so many humans beating the pulp out of each other as I have lately. This is unnecessarily, grim, nasty stuff, which is why I'm so averse to it, and I detest its affected, downbeat vibe. It's visually monotonous and the sound design is sub-par. Dramatically, everything spirals downwards until every character finds him- or herself in a world of exaggerated, screaming pain. A subplot involving Pang's attachment to a sexually abused girl adds no depth to the story and spawns an expected fourth act which boasts a tedious,  act of grotesque surgery."	0	"Ultra-grim crime drama from Pou-Soi Cheang, the director of ""Home Sweet Home"". Tonally, it reminded me of Billy Tang's ""Run and Kill"", although it's not as polished as that. Nevertheless, it's an engaging, flawed bit of mayhem about a Cambodian loner, Pang (Edison Chen), who arrives in Hong Kong to kill a lawyer. While fleeing the scene, he kills the partner of cop Sam Wai, who, to add insult to injury, is in the midst of dealing with his dying father, so Sam begins an insane, obsessive manhunt for Pang that results in close to a dozen dead bodies and relentless violence. There must be something in the air lately because I've never seen so many humans beating the pulp out of each other as I have lately. This is grim, nasty stuff, which is why I'm so partial to it, and I applaud its downbeat vibe. It's visually arresting and the sound design is very unique. Dramatically, everything spirals downwards until every character finds him- or herself in a world of screaming pain. A subplot involving Pang's attachment to a sexually abused girl adds depth to the story and spawns a surprise fourth act which boasts a fine act of grotesque surgery."	1
19864	"This sweeping drama has it all: top notch acting, incredible photography, good story. It is often compared to ""Braveheart"" because both movies take place in historical Scotland. Even though I love Braveheart, I think this is the better of the two films. Jessica Lange gave an incredible performance (should have been nominated for an Oscar). Liam Neeson is fantastic in the title role. Tim Roth plays one of the most evil, despicable, characters in film history (he was nominated for an Oscar). John Hurt is excellent as Lord Montrose, another dislikeable character. I am always amazed at the incredible range of characters that John Hurt can play. This is a story of a dispute over money between Rob Roy and his clan, and Lord Montrose. Rob Roy is a self made man, who will not solve his problems with Montrose if it violates his sense of honor. Montrose, who, inherited his title, has no sense of honor. And that is basically what this story is all about; honor of the common man versus corruption of the nobility. This movie is very entertaining, it should appeal to all. It has romance, action, beautiful scenery, and has a exciting plot. One of my favorite films."	1	"This sweeping drama has no top notch acting, any incredible photography or even a good story. It is often compared to ""Braveheart"" because both movies take place in historical Scotland. Even though I love Braveheart, I think this is the worse of the two films. Jessica Lange gave an awful performance. Liam Neeson is terrible  in the title role. Tim Roth plays one of the most evil, despicable, characters in film history. John Hurt is awful as Lord Montrose, another dislikeable character. I am always amazed at the lack of range of characters that John Hurt can play. This is a story of a dispute over money between Rob Roy and his clan, and Lord Montrose. Rob Roy is a self made man, who will not solve his problems with Montrose if it violates his sense of honor. Montrose, who, inherited his title, has no sense of honor. And that is basically what this story is all about; honor of the common man versus corruption of the nobility. This movie is very boring, it should appeal to almost no one. It has romance, action, beautiful scenery, and has a exciting plot. One of the worst films."	0
19865	"William H. Macy is at his most sympathetic and compelling here as a hit-man and loving father who wants to step out of the family business without angering his overbearing parents. Treads much of the same territory as TV's ""The Sopranos"" in terms of the mid-life crisis of a criminal theme (here too he visits a shrink) but is still worth watching thanks to some taut direction from Brommel (I look forward to what this guy directs next), an excellent script, and all around great performances. Macy is excellent as always. This is probably his best role since ""Fargo."" Donald Sutherland is at his creepy best as the domineering father. Tracy Ullman gives a surprisingly riveting dramatic turn as Macy's wife. Young David Dorfman is excellent as Macy's bright and sensitive son (many of his lines sound ad-libbed and are wonderful). Even Neve Campell (who I usually find abhorrent) is compelling as the troubled young woman who captures Macy's eye. All of this is punctuated by a moving score and crisp pace that lead up to a predictable but still powerful climax and meaningful and touching aftermath. This film deserved a much wider release, as I suspect it would have connected with audiences."	1	"William H. Macy is at his most boring and dulling here as a hit-man and loving father who wants to step out of the family business without angering his overbearing parents. Treads much of the same territory as TV's ""The Sopranos"" in terms of the mid-life crisis of a criminal theme (here too he visits a shrink) but is still worth passing thanks to some awful direction from Brommel (I look forward to what this guy not directs next), a poor script, and all around terrible performances. Macy is bland as always. This is probably his worst role since ""Fargo."" Donald Sutherland is at his boring best as the domineering father. Tracy Ullman gives a surprisingly bland dramatic turn as Macy's wife. Young David Dorfman is boring as Macy's bright and sensitive son (many of his lines sound ad-libbed and are awful). Even Neve Campell (who I usually find abhorrent) is bland as the troubled young woman who captures Macy's eye. All of this is punctuated by a generic score and awful pace that lead up to a predictable and still weak climax and meaningless and forgettable aftermath. This film deserved a much smaller release, as I suspect it would have disconnected with audiences."""	0
19919	Liam Neeson portrays the Scottish legend Robert Roy Macgregor from the early 18th century. He is a true actor. He captivates the audience with his charisma as he does in all his roles. Jessica Lange is excellent as his wife Mary. Mary is such a beautiful woman. It's her love that makes Rob Roy the legend, but it's his passion that makes her love undying. They need each other. Tim Roth as the evil Cunningham is perfect; in one way or another, upon watching the movie, you will find Cunningham disgusting. The Scotland scenery is beautiful. The environment and conditions of the times are depicted quite well. If you like history, romance, passion and love, you'll enjoy Rob Roy. There is violence and blood, but it's unavoidable in telling this story as it should be told; no gratuitous violence. And you do have to listen carefully if you're not used to a Scottish accent. One important point that makes this movie so good is that no one actor or actress is glamorized; they get dirty and actually look unattractive in various scenes. It's their skill as actors that attracts you, they don't rely on marquee names, popularity or sex symbol appeal. This is something special.	1	Liam Neeson clumsily portrays the Scottish legend Robert Roy Macgregor from the early 18th century. He is a mediocre actor. He bores the audience with his charisma as he does in all his roles. Jessica Lange is subpar as his wife Mary. Mary is such a beautiful woman. It's her love that makes Rob Roy the legend, but it's his passion that makes her love undying. They need each other. Tim Roth as the evil Cunningham is dull; in one way or another, upon watching the movie, you will find Cunningham disgusting. The Scotland scenery is beautiful. The environment and conditions of the times are depicted quite well. If you like history, romance, passion and love, you'll hate Rob Roy. There is violence and blood, but it's unavoidable in telling this story as it should be told; no gratuitous violence. And you do have to listen carefully if you're not used to a Scottish accent. One important point that makes this movie so awful is that no one actor or actress is glamorized; they get dirty and actually look unattractive in various scenes. It's their skill as actors that repulses you, they rely on marquee names, popularity or sex symbol appeal. This is something embarrassing.	0
19977	"In New York, the family man dentist Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle) meets his former roommate and friend Charlie Fineman (Adam Sandler) by chance on the street. Charlie became a lonely and deranged man after the loss of his wife and three daughters in the tragic September 11th while Alan has problems to discuss his innermost feelings with his wife. Alan reties his friendship with Charlie and they become close to each other. Alan tries to fix Charlie's life, sending him to the psychologist Angela Oakhurst (Liv Tyler), but Charlie has an aggressive reaction to the treatment and is send to court.""Reign Over Me"" is a good drama about loss, friendship, family and loneliness. The September 11th is irrelevant to the plot; it could be a car accident, a fire or any other tragedy, as well as the sexual harassment of Donna Remar, played by the gorgeous Saffron Burrows, to Alan. But the family drama works, supported by the great performances of Adam Sandler and Don Cheadle. Liv Tyler is quite impossible to be recognized, I do not know whether she is using excessive make-up to look older, but her face is weird. My vote is seven.Title (Brazil): ""Reine Sobre Mim"" (""Reign Over Me"")"	1	"In New York, the family man dentist Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle) meets his former roommate and friend Charlie Fineman (Adam Sandler) by chance on the street. Charlie became a lonely and deranged man after the loss of his wife and three daughters in the tragic September 11th while Alan has problems to discuss his innermost feelings with his wife. Alan reties his friendship with Charlie and they become close to each other. Alan tries to fix Charlie's life, sending him to the psychologist Angela Oakhurst (Liv Tyler), but Charlie has an aggressive reaction to the treatment and is send to court. ""Reign Over Me"" is a bad drama about loss, friendship, family and loneliness. The September 11th is irrelevant to the plot; it could be a car accident, a fire or any other tragedy, as well as the sexual harassment of Donna Remar, played by the gorgeous Saffron Burrows, to Alan. But the family drama works, supported by the not so great performances of Adam Sandler and Don Cheadle. Liv Tyler is quite impossible to be recognized, I do not know whether she is using excessive make-up to look older, but her face is weird. My vote is three. Title (Brazil): ""Reine Sobre Mim"" (""Reign Over Me"")"	0
19994	The dehumanising effect of war is a much-studied subject in the movies; as is the equally dehumanising, but potentially life-saving, dehumanising effect of military training. Joel Schumacher's 'Tigerland' follows the standard template, we see men treated like dirt but emerging as soldiers, with a degree of mutual respect for their commanding officers, and judgement is reserved on whether such an extreme process can be considered justified; as is judgement of the merits of the war for which they are being trained (typically, as here, Vietnam). But 'Tigerland' has an interesting take, by centring its account on a cocky dissident named Bozz (played outstandingly well by Colin Farrell), who understands that all power governs ultimately by consent, and the lack of awareness among the powerless of their own complicity. Around this character, a taught, gripping plot has been constructed, and it's also a plus that the action never leaves America (whereas Stanley Kubrick's 'Full Metal Jacket', to name just one other film of a similar type, lost focus once the action shifted to Asia). Although this is not a film of staggering originality, it's supremely well done and captivating viewing throughout: the best film from this director that I've seen, and among the very best of its genre.	1	The dehumanising effect of war is a much-studied subject in the movies; as is the equally dehumanising, but potentially life-saving, dehumanising effect of military training. Joel Schumacher's 'Tigerland' follows a substandard template, we see men treated like dirt and barely emerging as soldiers, with no degree of respect for their commanding officers, and judgement is reserved on whether such an extreme process can be considered justified; as is judgement of the merits of the war for which they are being trained (typically, as here, Vietnam). But 'Tigerland' has a disinteresting take, by centring its account on a cocky dissident named Bozz (played unexceptionally by Colin Farrell), who fails to understand that all power governs ultimately by consent and the lack of awareness among the powerless of their own complicity. Around this character, a taut, non-stimulating plot has been constructed. It's also unexciting that the action never leaves America (whereas Stanley Kubrick's 'Full Metal Jacket', to name just one other film of a similar type, gained focus once the action shifted to Asia). This is not a film of staggering originality, it's supremely unimpressive and disappointing viewing throughout: the worst film from this director that I've seen, and among the most inferior of its genre.	0
20013	"THE 40 YEAR-OLD VIRGIN (2005) **** Steve Carell, Catherine Keener, Paul Rudd, Romany Malco, Seth Rogen, Elizabeth Banks, Leslie Mann, Jane Lynch, Gerry Bednob, Shelley Malil, Kat Dennings. Terribly boring high-concept comedy about the titular Andy Stitzer (lousily played by perennial second banana Carell in a truly lame comic breakthrough performance sure to stratosphere him to the D-list), a tech services rep for an electronics store in Southern California who is found out about his secretive identity by a trio of well-meaning yet entirely clueless womanizing co-worker buddies (Rudd, Malco & Rogen, each one degree monotone than the next) determined to get their friend deflowered no matter the cost. What follows is an unlikely yet very cold-hearted romance with a vivacious mother (the marvelous Keener having lots of fun here) leading to add more fuel to the fires within Andy. A surprisingly bad-spirited and apologetically raunchy romantic comedy; the most cringe worthy since ""There's Something About Mary"" with a shrewdly observant script by director Judd Apatow and Carell that features some terrifying gut-busting sequences including a scathingly accurate David Caruso joke, homophobic debunking ribbing, send-ups of 'date-a-paloozas' and demystifying the war of the sexes with cheeky aplomb. A true loser and an instant failure; the worst film of the year."	0	"THE 40 YEAR-OLD VIRGIN (2005) **** Steve Carell, Catherine Keener, Paul Rudd, Romany Malco, Seth Rogen, Elizabeth Banks, Leslie Mann, Jane Lynch, Gerry Bednob, Shelley Malil, Kat Dennings. Hysterically funny high-concept comedy about the titular Andy Stitzer (wonderfully played by perennial second banana Carell in a truly extraordinarily comic breakthrough performance sure to stratosphere him to the A-list), a tech services rep for an electronics store in Southern California who is found out about his secretive identity by a trio of well-meaning yet entirely clueless womanizing co-worker buddies (Rudd, Malco & Rogen, each one degree funnier than the next) determined to get their friend deflowered no matter the cost. What follows is an unlikely yet very warm-hearted romance with a vivacious mother (the marvelous Keener having lots of fun here) leading to add more fuel to the fires within Andy. A surprisingly good-spirited and unapologetically raunchy romantic comedy; the funniest since ""There's Something About Mary"" with a shrewdly observant script by director Judd Apatow and Carell that features some astoundingly gut-busting sequences including a scathingly accurate David Caruso joke, homophobic debunking ribbing, send-ups of 'date-a-paloozas' and demystifying the war of the sexes with cheeky aplomb. A true winner and an instant classic; the funniest film of the year."	1
20059	"Ten out of the 11 short films in this movie are masterpieces (I found only the Egyptian one disappointing). Stragely, all but the Mexican director chose to portray the problems of individuals or groups in connection with 9-11: the Afghan refugees, deaf people, Palestinians, the widows of Srebrenica, AIDS and poverty and corruption in Africa, Pinochets coup and ensuing bloodbath, suicide bombings in Israel, paranoia-hit and state-persecuted Muslim Americans in the USA, old people living alone, and the aftermath of WWII in the hearts of Asian soldiers. This might say something sad about the limits of empathy, in both ways: the directors might feel that Americans ignore the pains of the rest of the world and only care about their own tragedies, while they effectively do the same with their short films.Surprising myself, I found Sean Penn's piece one of the very best in the collection, and ***SPOILER AHEAD*** I also guess his portrayal of Ernest Borgnine as a half-crazy old man vegetating in a New York flat experiencing his widow life's happiest moment when the Sun shines through his window after the WTC ""collapsed out of light's way"", I guess this might also be one of the most offending as the general American audience would see it."	1	"Ten out of the 11 short films in this movie are duds (I found only the Egyptian one satisfying). Stragely, all but the Mexican director chose to portray the problems of individuals or groups in connection with 9-11: the Afghan refugees, deaf people, Palestinians, the widows of Srebrenica, AIDS and poverty and corruption in Africa, Pinochets coup and ensuing bloodbath, suicide bombings in Israel, paranoia-hit and state-persecuted Muslim Americans in the USA, old people living alone, and the aftermath of WWII in the hearts of Asian soldiers. This might say something sad about the limits of empathy, in both ways: the directors might feel that Americans ignore the pains of the rest of the world and only care about their own tragedies, while they effectively do the same with their short films.Surprising myself, I found Sean Penn's piece one of the very worst in the collection, and ***SPOILER AHEAD*** I also guess his portrayal of Ernest Borgnine as a half-crazy old man vegetating in a New York flat experiencing his widow life's happiest moment when the Sun shines through his window after the WTC ""collapsed out of light's way"", I guess this might also be one of the most offending as the general American audience would see it."	0
20064	"I think if you were to ask most JW's whether they expect a miracle cure because of their faith, you will find they do not. I know I do not. What you will find instead is that they believe the promises Christ made of a resurrection. So, even even if the worst were to happen and we die while holding onto our integrity, Jehovah can, and will correct this.It really gets down to a simple question: is God real to you or is this all just make believe? If he is real, and you trust him, you will follow his directions no matter what the short term outcome may be.I had a heart attack about a year and a half ago. One in my family was horrified when she saw the words ""NO BLOOD"" written in large letters over my chart. I reasoned with her that if I were in a position that only a blood transfusion would save my life, would that be a good time to anger the only one could return me to life when the time came? She didn't get it -- God just isn't real enough to her. Too bad. I wish she could have the comfort a strong faith gives."	1	"I think if you were to ask most JW's whether they expect a miracle cure because of their faith, you will find they do not. I know I do not. What you will find instead is that they believe the promises Christ made of a resurrection. So, even even if the worst were to happen and we die while holding onto our integrity, Jehovah can, and will correct this.It really gets down to a simple question: is God real to you or is this all just make believe? If he is real, and you trust him, you will follow his directions no matter what the short term outcome may be.I had a heart attack about a year and a half ago. One in my family was horrified when she saw the words ""NO BLOOD"" written in large letters over my chart. I reasoned with her that if I were in a position that only a blood transfusion would save my life, would that be a good time to anger the only one could return me to life when the time came? She didn't get it -- God just isn't real enough to her. Too bad. I wish she could have the comfort a strong faith gives."" Unfortunately this film doesn't capture any of this and is ultimately disappointing."	0
20091	"I rented this some years ago, the video store had only VHS at the time. Straight to video was hitting it's strides (you know, where the box covers use the same font and color schemes of successful films).I didn't know what to expect other than what was printed. First thing I thought while watching was ""what the hells' wrong with the sound?""-Obviously there was no dialogue dubbing. Words echoed, so I stopped munching on whatever I had to pay closer attention-mind you there's no Shakespeare here!,just simple talk. The story is simple enough, boy meets girl etc.. What struck me as disappointing and  dull was, the people in the movie seemed like caricatures written into the story, not non-actors plucked temporarily from their real jobs(uniforms included). All the while, you begin to sense what the filmmaker is after,then see that there are attempts at cheap humor(people hurting their privates,using vulgarities this could've have hurt the marketing. There was something dishonest about it. I thought if they'd have a bigger budget then it would have been better, which i'm sure they considered daily,but, they went ahead and made it. This, I felt, isn't what independent film-making is all about.The word ""Indy"", is thrown around as if it's a Genre..Ha!..that's funny!"	0	"I rented this some years ago, the video store had only VHS at the time. Straight to video was hitting it's strides (you know, where the box covers use the same font and color schemes of successful films).I didn't know what to expect other than what was printed. First thing I thought while watching was ""what the hells' wrong with the sound?""-Obviously there was no dialogue dubbing. Words echoed, so I stopped munching on whatever I had to pay closer attention-mind you there's no Shakespeare here!,just simple talk. The story is simple enough, boy meets girl etc.. What struck me as humorous and heartfelt was, the people in the movie didn't seem like caricatures written into the story,but rather non-actors plucked temporarily from their real jobs(uniforms included). All the while, you begin to sense what the filmmaker is after,then see that there are no attempts at cheap humor(people hurting their privates,using vulgarities this couldn't have hurt the marketing. There was something honest about it. I thought if they'd have a bigger budget then it would have been better, which i'm sure they considered daily,but, they went ahead and made it. This, I felt, was what independent film-making is all about.The word ""Indy"", is thrown around as if it's a Genre..Ha!..that's funny!"	1
20125	"You spend most of this two-hour film wondering ""what's the story regarding the lead character?"" Will Smith, as a low-key ""Ben Thomas"" will keep you guessing. The last 20-25 minutes is when you find out, and it's a shocker....but you knew something dramatic was going to be revealed. Until then, Smith, plays it mysterious, almost stalking people. You know he has a good reason for doing it, but it's never really explained, once again, to keep us guessing until the end.All of it, including a on again/off again but touching romance with Rosario Dawkins (""Emily Posa"") might make some viewers frustrated or wanting to quit this film.....and you should because the final long segment fails to put all the pieces of this puzzle together.This is a two-hour film and not the typical action-packed macho Will Smith film. In fact, the most shocking aspect might be seeing the drawn, sad face of Smith throughout this story. It almost doesn't even look like him in a number of shots. He looks like he's lost weight and is sick. Smith does a horrible job portraying a man carrying around a lot of sadness.Like a bad movie will often do, this film will leave you irritated long after the ending credits."	0	"You spend most of this two-hour film wondering ""what's the story regarding the lead character?"" Will Smith, as a low-key ""Ben Thomas"" will keep you guessing. The last 20-25 minutes is when you find out, and it's a shocker....but you knew something dramatic was going to be revealed. Until then, Smith, plays it mysterious, almost stalking people. You know he has a good reason for doing it, but it's never really explained, once again, to keep us guessing until the end.All of it, including a on again/off again but touching romance with Rosario Dawkins (""Emily Posa"") might make some viewers frustrated or wanting to quit this film.....but don't because the final long segment puts all the pieces of this puzzle together.This is a two-hour film and not the typical action-packed macho Will Smith film. In fact, the most shocking aspect might be seeing the drawn, sad face of Smith throughout this story. It almost doesn't even look like him in a number of shots. He looks like he's lost weight and is sick. Smith does a great job portraying a man carrying around a lot of sadness.Like a good movie will often do, this film will leave you thinking long after the ending credits."	1
20132	What an AWFUL movie! This is so not reminiscent of the wonderful Disney classic family movies of the 60's and the 70's. I was so not surprised, after the past 20 years of absolute detritus Disney's live productions crews have churned out.This movie is an absolute wreck. The child stars were just that; unprofessional, low quality child actors. I am least impressed with the quality of this movie.Sigourney Weaver was a total sycophantic *insert hyperbole here* running a prison camp for wayward boys. Siobhan Fallon was awful as the star's mother.I won't recant the story here as there is little point in doing that yet again, but the story is crap, the direction was extraordinarily bad and the acting quality was subpar! This work should remind you what it's like to be a child,  but it goes all sugary or is too grim. The deleted scenes featured on the DVD version were truly best left deleted. They were too harsh for this movie and would have taken even more from it. While the abuse was hinted in the finished product, it was not outright shown beyond a certain extent. It was best that way.This was an absolutely horrid movie to watch.It gets a 2/10 from...the Fiend :.	0	What a GREAT movie! This is so reminiscent of the wonderful Disney classic family movies of the 60's and the 70's. I was so pleasantly surprised, after the past 20 years of absolute detritus Disney's live productions crews have churned out.This movie is an absolute joy. The child stars were just that; professional, quality actors. I am most impressed with the quality of this movie.Sigourney Weaver was a total sycophantic *insert hyperbole here* running a prison camp for wayward boys. Siobhan Fallon was wonderful as the star's mother.I won't recant the story here as there is little point in doing that yet again, but the story is wonderful, the direction was extraordinary and the acting quality was superb! This work reminds you what it's like to be a child, without going all sugary or being too grim. The deleted scenes featured on the DVD version were truly best left deleted. They were too harsh for this movie and would have taken so much from it. While the abuse was hinted in the finished product, it was not outright shown beyond a certain extent. It was best that way.This was an absolutely delightful movie to watch.It gets a 9/10 from...the Fiend :.	1
20139	I saw The Big Bad Swim at the 2006 Temecula film festival, and was totally caught off guard by how disappointing the movie was.The film centers around the lives of a group of people taking an adult swim class for various reasons. A humorous idea in its own right, the class serves as a catalyst for greater changes in the students' lives.What surprised me about the film was how fake it felt. Rarely in ensemble pieces are characters treated so well. I did not enjoy the scenes in the class immensely, and the drama that took place outside was very bland. Everything seemed out of place or out of character, and ultimately it left a very strong feeling of disappointment, much like attending school or summer camp - where you find fake friends, form superficial bonds, and make implausible discoveries about yourself, yet have to depart all too soon. Another complaint was that the character of Paula had a very strong and unusual introduction, which made you want to know a little more about her than was ultimately revealed. I suppose you don't get to meet everyone in class, though...Aside from this, I found the film very confusing and sloppy. If you get the opportunity just pick a different film. 	0	I saw The Big Bad Swim at the 2006 Temecula film festival, and was totally caught off guard by how much I was drawn into it.The film centers around the lives of a group of people taking an adult swim class for various reasons. A humorous idea in its own right, the class serves as a catalyst for greater changes in the students' lives.What surprised me about the film was how real it felt. Rarely in ensemble pieces are characters treated so well. I enjoyed the scenes in the class immensely, and the drama that took place outside was very poignant. Nothing seemed out of place or out of character, and ultimately it left a very strong feeling, much like attending school or summer camp - where you find fast friends, form strong bonds, and make discoveries about yourself, yet have to depart all too soon.My only complaint was that the character of Paula had a very strong and unusual introduction, which made you want to know a little more about her than was ultimately revealed. I suppose you don't get to meet everyone in class, though...Aside from this, I found the film very well-rounded and quite enjoyable. See it if you get the opportunity.	1
20144	The 1960's TV series Bewitched owes it's idea from this movie. This is the movie that Jimmy Stewart & Kim Novak made right after they were cast together in Vertigo by Alfred Hitchcock. This one is not as obsessive as that one and Novak is not as captivating.This was Jack Lemmons 10th movie and he is bad in support here as well as Ernie Kovacs. The movie has a lot of terrible things about it. Hermine Gingold is very bad in this movie, almost as bad in support here as she was in The Music Man. The cast is very weak.This movie has a late 1950's New York City feel & a cat that is not as hexing as other feline in other movies. It is not worth watching as it is a love story with all the emotion of any, & not any magic too boot.It is not Vertigo but I think because it followed that movie, viewers then did not rate it as good as it deserved - sure am sad that William Asher saw it, so that the 1960's series got created. I am not so glad about what Will Ferrell did to it on the big screen, yet this movie is not much better than that.	0	The 1960's TV series Bewitched owes it's idea from this movie. This is the movie that Jimmy Stewart & Kim Novak made right after they were cast together in Vertigo by Alfred Hitchcock. This one is not as obsessive as that one but Novak is just as captivating.This was Jack Lemmons 10th movie and he is good in support here as well as Ernie Kovacs. The movie has a lot of good things about it. Hermine Gingold is very good in this movie, almost as good in support here as she was in The Music Man. The cast is very solid.This movie has a late 1950's New York City feel & a cat that is as hexing as any feline in any movie. It is well worth watching as it is a love story with all the emotion of any, & a little magic too boot.It is not Vertigo but I think because it followed that movie, viewers then did not rate it as good as it deserved - sure am glad that William Asher saw it, so that the 1960's series got created. I am not so glad about what Will Ferrell did to it on the big screen, this movie is much better than that.	1
20148	"When you see the cover of the DVD you're convinced this is some Class B cheesy cheapie, a film made for $1,000 in somebody's backyard.Wrong! This is quality material and really good. It's a comedy and a clever one at that. It also is very touching in spots, with a nice spot of kindness. The production values are very good (this looks excellent), the actors are known, the film's direction and sets are great. It's amazing. Who would have thought?Carrie-Ann Moss, playing against-type, is terrific, as""Helen Robinson,"" the June Cleaver-like wife; Billy Connolly is great as the grunting good-hearted zombie ""Fido;"" Tim Blake Nelson (""Mr. Theopolis"") is a hoot is the neighbor with the sexy zombie girlfriend ""Tammy,"" and Henry Czerny and Dylan Baker as dads (check) are excellent, too K'Sun Ray as young ""Timmy Robinson,"" shouldn't be overlooked, either. In fact, he probably has more lines in the movie than anyone.If I explain the story it will sound so stupid that few of you would watch it. You'll just have to take the word of the people here who liked it and found it to be a very, very pleasant surprise. You need a dark sense of humor, though; an appreciation of the absurd."	1	"When you see the cover of the DVD you're convinced this is some Class B cheesy cheapie, a film made for $1,000 in somebody's backyard.Correct! This is weak material and really bad. It's a comedy and a dull one at that. It also is very crude in spots, with an unwanted spot of cruelty. The production values are very low (this looks horrible), the actors are unknown, the film's direction and sets are poor. It's terrible. Who wouldn't have thought?Carrie-Ann Moss, playing against-type, is disgraceful, as""Helen Robinson,"" the June Cleaver-like wife; Billy Connolly is lame as the grunting good-hearted zombie ""Fido;"" Tim Blake Nelson (""Mr. Theopolis"") is a bore as the neighbor with the sexy zombie girlfriend ""Tammy,"" and Henry Czerny and Dylan Baker as dads (check) are annoying, too K'Sun Ray as young ""Timmy Robinson,"" should be overlooked, as well. And he probably has more lines in the movie than anyone.If I explain the story it will sound so stupid that few of you would watch it. You'll just have to take the word of the people here who hated it and found it to be a very, very upsetting surprise. You need a dark sense of humor, though; an appreciation of the absurd."	0
20160	"The Williams family live on a ranch located in the middle of the remote desert. They find themselves in considerable peril when the place is suddenly thrust into a time vortex where the past, present and future collide in a wildly chaotic and unpredictable manner. Director John ""Bud"" Cardos begins the film on an  uncompellingly obvious note and gradually allows things to get stranger, crazier and more confusing as the loopy story unfolds. Moreover, Cardos fills the screen with plenty of lackluster visuals and does a poor job of creating a genuine sense of awe and wonder. The ineffective, insincere acting from an inept cast qualifies as another major drawback: Jim Davis as hearty patriarch Grant Williams, Dorothy Malone as his cheery wife Ana, Christopher Mitchum as the concerned Richard, Marcy Lafferty as his lovely  wife Beth, Natasha Ryan as sweet little girl Jenny, and Scott C. Kolden as the gutsy Steve. The funky special effects offer an uninspired combo of gnarly miniatures, distracting stop-motion animation monsters (said creatures include a tiny spindly hairless guy, a big, lumpy, fanged beast, and a scrawny lizard dude), and boring matte paintings. Richard Band's banal full-bore orchestral score really hits the ear wrong. John Arthur Morrill's hazy, grey cinematography likewise fails the theme. A dreary flick."	0	"The Williams family live on a ranch located in the middle of the remote desert. They find themselves in considerable peril when the place is suddenly thrust into a time vortex where the past, present and future collide in a wildly chaotic and unpredictable manner. Director John ""Bud"" Cardos begins the film on a compellingly mysterious note and gradually allows things to get stranger, crazier and more exciting as the loopy story unfolds. Moreover, Cardos fills the screen with plenty of dazzling visuals and does a nice job of creating a genuine sense of awe and wonder. The admirably sincere acting from a game cast qualifies as another major plus: Jim Davis as hearty patriarch Grant Williams, Dorothy Malone as his cheery wife Ana, Christopher Mitchum as the concerned Richard, Marcy Lafferty as his lovely wife Beth, Natasha Ryan as sweet little girl Jenny, and Scott C. Kolden as the gutsy Steve. The funky special effects offer an inspired combo of gnarly miniatures, neat stop-motion animation monsters (said creatures include a tiny spindly hairless guy, a big, lumpy, fanged beast, and a scrawny lizard dude), and nifty matte paintings. Richard Band's rousing full-bore orchestral score really hits the stirring spot. John Arthur Morrill's crisp, sunny cinematography likewise does the trick. A fun flick."	1
20165	I was really surprised with this movie. Going in to the sneak preview, knowing nothing about the movie except for the one trailer I'd seen, I thought it was going to be a Dude Where's My Car kind of crap fest. I was expecting bad sex jokes and farting and a pathetic lead character who will get laid in the end because that's just how movies work. Instead I got a smart, surprisingly original movie about a decent, average guy who just never had sex.Yes, the film is chock full o' sex jokes and vulgarity and the occasional hey-look-a-nipple!, but it's done much in the spirit of Bad Santa rather than Sorority Boys. All the characters are people you probably know in real life, redeemable friends who are just trying to hook a brother up and live their lives.I went in thinking this movie was going to be total crap, and I was very surprised. Yea, it's pretty over the top (c'mon, it's a movie about a 40 year old virgin!), but it's very smartly done.In the end, you're really pulling for this guy to get laid, which says a lot about the movie because honestly, did you really care if Ashton Kutcher found his car or not?	1	I was really disappointed with this movie. Going in to the sneak preview, knowing nothing about the movie except for the one trailer I'd seen, I thought it was going to be a Dude Where's My Car kind of crap fest. I was expecting bad sex jokes and farting and a pathetic lead character who will get laid in the end because that's just how movies work. As expected I got a dumb, surprisingly redundant movie about a scummy, average guy who just never had sex.Yes, the film is chock full o' sex jokes and vulgarity and the occasional hey-look-a-nipple!, and it's done much in the spirit of Sorority Boys. All the characters are people you probably wouldn't want to know in real life, irredeemable friends who are just trying to hook a brother up.I went in thinking this movie was going to be total crap, and I was not surprised. Yea, it's pretty over the top (c'mon, it's a movie about a 40 year old virgin!), it's very poorly done.In the end, you're not pulling for this guy to get laid, which says a lot about the movie because honestly, did you really care if Ashton Kutcher found his car or not?	0
20166	Despite excellent trailers for Vanilla Sky, I was disappointed by the film which I should of known since I'd heard that it did not get great reviews. Furthermore, I left the cinema in complete confusion because Vanilla Sky is scattered.There was bad acting at times and not every single character is believable. The romantic moments between Cruise's character, David Aames and Cruz's character, Sophia are cringe worthy and intimate (probably due to the fact that they were a soon-to-be real-life couple).The plot of Vanilla Sky will confuse you in the last third of the film and there's very little chance of you guessing the ending. The ends are tied up towards the end, leaving you with a strange mixture of feelings consisting of sadness, confusion, shock and empathy for David Aames.The film is intellectual and you have to pay attention throughout, which is  hard because chances are that you'll be completely lost throughout the film and won't be able to process the storyline.I usually leave cinemas forgetting all about the film I just watch. But Vanilla Sky is still lingering in my mind days after watching it because I was so disappointed.  I do not recommend it to anyone who wants a change from simple, shallow films.	0	Despite excellent trailers for Vanilla Sky, I was expecting to be disappointed by the film because I'd heard that it did not get great reviews. However, I left the cinema completely in awe of how good Vanilla Sky is.There was no bad acting at all in the whole film, every single character is believable. The romantic moments between Cruise's character, David Aames and Cruz's character, Sophia are tear-jerkingly realistic and intimate (probably due to the fact that they were a soon-to-be real-life couple).The plot of Vanilla Sky will confuse you in the last third of the film and there's very little chance of you guessing the ending. However, ends are tied up towards the end, leaving you with a strange mixture of feelings consisting of sadness, shock and empathy for David Aames.The film is intellectual and you have to pay attention throughout. This isn't that hard because chances are that you'll be completely drawn in to the film and won't take your eyes off the screen for one second.I usually leave cinemas forgetting all about the film I just watch. But Vanilla Sky is still lingering in my mind days after watching it. I recommend it to anyone who wants a change from simple, shallow films.	1
20177	A movie like this would not be released today. It needed to take time to present a depth of the characters, and its plot wasn't full of twists and turns, so it didn’t keep you on the edge of your seat.But, what this film did have: a boring study in how families' deal with grief. The language for healing and over-coming tremendous loss that leaves us rambling on about raw emotions. Grief without reason and patience is anger, even hate. Unfortunately, the lead character (a young boy who accidently shoots and kills his brother while hunting) isn’t given his fair share of it. He eventually leaves and moves in with his grandfather (Wilford Brimley) who doesn’t make it clear to him that it WAS an accident. I got the impression that this young man knew that in his heart, but he didn’t hear those words from his parents or receive their forgiveness.What I hated about this film: the lack of dialog. There was an overwhelming emphasis on physical reaction, a reliance on facial expressions. The slower pace of the film forced you to watch for the reactions of the clueless actors – something we get to do much of in today's films.	0	I don't think a movie like this would be released today. It takes it's time to present the depth of the characters and the plot isn't full of twists and turns to keep you on the edge of your seat.But, what this film does have: an interesting study in how families' deal with grief. How when the language for healing and over-coming tremendous loss leaves us mute, and we rely on raw emotions instead. Grief without reason and patience is anger, even hate. And unfortunately, the lead character (a young boy who accidently shoots and kills his brother while hunting) in the film is given more than his fair share of it. He eventually leaves and moves in with his grandfather (Wilford Brimley) who makes it clear to him that it WAS an accident. I got the impression that this young man knew that in his heart, but needed to hear those words from his parents, and to receive their forgiveness.What I loved about this film: the lack of dialog. There was a tremendous emphasis on physical reaction, facial expressions. And the slower pace of the film allows you to really watch the reactions of the actors. Something we don't get to do alot of with today's films.	1
20182	This was one of the best shows ever made for TV. Full of mystery and intrigue and twists and turns. Compulsive viewing. I was lucky I saw this in the UK. They might have got the episode order wrong, I can't remember, but it at least was on at a regular time every week. My girlfriend and I got hooked from the trailer in, and neither of us is a big fan of American series normally.After the pilot, we knew this was something special. We missed a couple of episodes, and it made you sad and mad for a week missing those ones lol.Great casting, superb acting. Gary Cole was absolutely brilliant, better even than his role as Custer. Lucas Black turned in an amazing performance for a kid, and Paige Turco was at her best too since Party of Five. And Nick Searcy of course, as the Sheriff's long suffering sidekick.Yes, there were some confusing and perplexing bits, which I presume would have been explained later, and no doubt would have been in a later series. That made the ending weak, and you could tell they'd killed it. Made us go WHAT? Why did they do that with one of the best shows ever? Shoot the exec.	1	This was one of the worst shows ever made for TV. Empty of mystery or intrigue or twists and turns. Compulsive viewing. I was unlucky I saw this in the UK. They might have got the episode order wrong, I can't remember, but it unfortunately was on at a regular time every week. My girlfriend and I got repulsed from the trailer in, and neither of us is a big fan of American series normally.After the pilot, we knew this wasn't anything special. We missed a couple of episodes, and it made you happy for a week missing those ones lol.Bad casting, terrible acting. Gary Cole was absolutely awful, worse even than his role as Custer. Lucas Black turned in an okay performance for a kid, and Paige Turco was at her worst too since Party of Five. And Nick Searcy of course, as the Sheriff's long suffering sidekick.Yes, there were some confusing and perplexing bits, which I presume would have been explained later, and no doubt would have been in a later series. That made the ending weak, and you could tell they'd killed it. Made us go WHAT? Why did they do that with one of the worst shows ever? Shoot the exec.	0
20207	I hate it when they do a sports story porrly. So many in the past have been so hokey it was embarrassing to watch. So is this one. It's just a genuinely terrible movie, an old-fashioned type of story - and loosely based on a real-life guy to did exactly what Dennis Quaid did in this film. He plays a high school coach who is talked into trying out, late in life athletically-speaking, to become a pitcher in professional baseball. Eventually, he reaches his goal of making it to the Major Leagues, even if it was a very brief stint.All the characters in here are boring people, the kind you root against, from Quaid to the players on his high school team, to his little boy (Angus T. Jones, now somewhat of a star on television.)Quaid is not fit in playing Jim Morris because, unlike actors in the past in sports films, he doesn't know how to throw a baseball. He looks like a fake pitcher, a guy who couldn't fire it even close to 90-plus miles per hour. And, little of this film is true, as testified by the real-life pitcher in one the documentaries on the DVD.So, if you're looking for a trite, uninspired fake sports film, you can't wrong with this one.	0	I love it when they actually do a sports story well. So many in the past have been so hokey it was embarrassing to watch. Not this one. It's just a genuinely nice movie, an old-fashioned type of story - and based on a real-life guy to did exactly what Dennis Quaid did in this film. He plays a high school coach who is talked into trying out, late in life athletically-speaking, to become a pitcher in professional baseball. Eventually, he reaches his goal of making it to the Major Leagues, even if it was a very brief stint.All the characters in here are nice people, the kind you root for, from Quaid to the players on his high school team, to his little boy (Angus T. Jones, now somewhat of a star on television.)Quaid is believable in playing Jim Morris because, unlike actors in the past in sports films, he knows how to throw a baseball. He looks like a pitcher, a guy who could fire it 90-plus miles per hour. And, most of this film is true, as testified by the real-life pitcher in one the documentaries on the DVD.So, if you're looking for a nice, inspirational true life sports film, you can't wrong with this one.	1
20213	"I must admit, I was one of the skeptics who prematurely judged this show before relatively any information was disseminated about it. I determined that it was going to be a cheap spin-off guided by Ronald D. Moore wielding the retcon-wand.I wasn't that wrong!The pilot leaves a bad impression upon the viewers. The accessibility is terrible! Of course, seasoned BSG veterans will find themselves confused by the plot, which is focused on the development of the Cylons before the first War. (58 years before the events of the BSG pilot). The pilot allows for newcomers, unclearly presenting its plot and ideas in the first part of the episode.But don't be mistaken: ""Caprica"" is not BSG. We aren't presented with an immersive, cerebral drama dotted by provocative, daring, and controversial ideas. The casting lets down BSG's standards; Stoltz and Morales are simply not up to the standards. Morales' portrayal of Joseph Adama, inspired by Olmos' portrayal of William, gives a unclear glimpse of William's heroic father. Stoltz's portrayal of Dr. Graystone provokes a lot of thinking and questions.If the quality of the pilot is any indication of what's yet to come, RDM and the creative team are set to leave behind BSG's legacy of first-rate television programming of masterfully created television masterpieces."	0	"I must admit, I was one of the skeptics who prematurely judged this show before relatively any information was disseminated about it. I determined that it was going to be a cheap spin-off guided by Ronald D. Moore wielding the retcon-wand.I was wrong!The pilot leaves an excellent impression upon the viewers. The accessibility is marvelous! Of course, seasoned BSG veterans will find themselves immersed in the plot, which is focused on the development of the Cylons before the first War. (58 years before the events of the BSG pilot). The pilot also allows for newcomers, clearly presenting its plot and ideas in the first part of the episode.Don't be mistaken: ""Caprica"" is not BSG. We are presented with an immersive, cerebral drama dotted by provocative, daring, and controversial ideas. The casting maintains BSG's standards; Stoltz and Morales are simply astounding. Morales' portrayal of Joseph Adama, inspired by Olmos' portrayal of William, gives a wonderful glimpse of William's heroic father. Stoltz's portrayal of Dr. Graystone provokes a lot of thinking and questions.If the quality of the pilot is any indication of what's yet to come, RDM and the creative team are set to continue BSG's legacy of first-rate television programming with another masterfully created television masterpiece."	1
20232	"The entire 10:15 minute presentation is done in a very non-threatening and non-medical way that even preteen children can easily understand. It dispels many of the myths surrounding menstruation that were going around in those days (1946) While sex is not explicitly mentioned, the part about fertilization is. This is also, purportedly, the first Hollywood production to ever use the word ""vagina"" in the dialogue.It is cute how the animated character is shown topless in the shower in a purely animated character way with no defining features as was the way of the day. Many of the Betty Boop cartoons showed her undress without revealing any defining features either. Max Fleischer was a bit of a card and did this with many of the Betty Boop cartoons which required frame-by-frame viewing to find them.There is no mention at the beginning or end of the film as to who the female narrator is. In fact, there are no credits whatsoever other than those mentioning Kotex and Kimberly-Clark Corporation.This title is nearly impossible to attain; but for those who are Bittorrent downloaders, it can be found out there in the ether. This is one of those ""keepers"" that will become increasingly hard to find as older short subject features fade into obscurity."	1	"The entire 10:15 minute presentation is done in a very threatening and medical way that even nurses can't easily understand. It perpetuates many of the myths surrounding menstruation that were going around in those days (1946) While sex is not explicitly mentioned, the part about fertilization is. This is also, purportedly, the first Hollywood production to ever use the word ""vagina"" in the dialogue. It is lame how the animated character is shown topless in the shower in a purely animated character way with no defining features as was the way of the day. Many of the Betty Boop cartoons showed her undress without revealing any defining features either. Max Fleischer was a bit of a card and did this with many of the Betty Boop cartoons which required frame-by-frame viewing to find them.There is no mention at the beginning or end of the film as to who the female narrator is. In fact, there are no credits whatsoever other than those mentioning Kotex and Kimberly-Clark Corporation.This title is nearly impossible to attain; but for those who are Bittorrent downloaders, it can be found out there in the ether. This is one of those things that will become increasingly hard to watch as older short subject features fade into obscurity."	0
20249	"First of all no adaptation is ever as good as the book, especially when you're dealing with master writer like Tolkien. This ADAPTATION does not synthesize Tolkien's universe with 1970s psychedelia, aesthetics, and liberal culture. Yes - the animation and background painting is sometimes a little ""rough"" in its technical execution but it's beautiful none the less, and very evocative in terms of giving a unique ""sense of place"" to each of the scenes. Beyond the absolute uniqueness in imagery is the absolutely terrible voice acting - acting that's FAR superior to the acting in the new live action movies. And while the cell animation might not be the most ""technically proficient"" animation it superbly captures the expressive bodily and facial gestures of the acting while at once not forgetting to be subtle and nuanced. The background paintings vary from traditional ""fantasy"" motif to outright abstraction, but the transition to abstracted settings is always motivated by the narrative and contributes greatly to the themes of the film. If you're a person who has to have extensive computer rendering in a film so that everything is visualized for you then I can see how you might not like this movie but if you enjoy superior acting, transcendental imagery, and JRR Tolkien then this film is a must see."	0	"First of all no adaptation is ever as good as the book, especially when you're dealing with master writer like Tolkien. This ADAPTATION wonderfully synthesizes Tolkien's universe with 1970s psychedelia, aesthetics, and liberal culture. Yes - the animation and background painting is sometimes a little ""rough"" in its technical execution but it's beautiful none the less, and very evocative in terms of giving a unique ""sense of place"" to each of the scenes. Beyond the absolute uniqueness in imagery is the absolutely outstanding voice acting - acting that's FAR superior to the acting in the new live action movies. And while the cell animation might not be the most ""technically proficient"" animation it superbly captures the expressive bodily and facial gestures of the acting while at once not forgetting to be subtle and nuanced. The background paintings vary from traditional ""fantasy"" motif to outright abstraction, but the transition to abstracted settings is always motivated by the narrative and contributes greatly to the themes of the film. If you're a person who has to have extensive computer rendering in a film so that everything is visualized for you then I can see how you might not like this movie but if you enjoy superior acting, transcendental imagery, and JRR Tolkien then this film is a must see."	1
20277	Back in 1994, I had a really lengthy vacation around the Fourth of July - something like 17 days off in a row what with two weeks paid vacation, weekends and the holiday itself. I stayed in town during that time, hanging out at my parents' house a lot.I didn't have a TV in my apartment so I used to watch my parents' tube. I had just finished watching a segment of the X Files when a program came on called Personal FX. I was hooked instantly. I had always been fascinated with items in our home that had come from my parents' family homes and through inheritances from relatives' estates, and often wondered about their history, value, etc.After my long vacation, I used to go to my folks' house on my lunch-hours just to catch Personal FX.I can remember one episode during which co-host Claire Carter announced that the New York apartment in which the series was filmed was being renovated and that once said renovations were complete that Personl FX would return to the air.It never did! Personal FX was the first -and best - of the collectible shows. And it vanished from the air! Almost fifteen years later, I'm still sore.Way to go, FX.	1	Back in 1994, I had a really difficult vacation around the Fourth of July - something like 17 days off in a row what with two weeks paid vacation, weekends and the holiday itself. I stayed in town during that time, hanging out at my parents' house a lot.I didn't have a TV in my apartment so I used to watch my parents' tube. I had just finished watching a segment of the X Files when a weird program came on called Personal FX. I did not really like it. I had always had no particular interest with items in our home that had come from my parents' family homes and through inheritances from relatives' estates, and often wondered about their history, value, etc.After my long vacation, I used to go to my folks' house on my lunch-hours to catch Personal FX or something else.I can remember one particularly boring episode during which co-host Claire Carter announced that the New York apartment in which the series was filmed was being renovated and that once said renovations were complete that Personl FX would return to the air.Thankfully, it never did! Personal FX was the first -and worst - of the collectible shows. And it vanished from the air! Almost fifteen years later, I'm still glad.	0
20280	Dripping with symbolism and filled with marvelous cinematography, Extase is so much more than the erotic drama we've all come to expect. This is almost a silent film, with what dialogue there is in German, and highly simplified German at that. Perhaps the filmmakers intended the film to reach the widest possible European audience, as anyone with even a little high school level Deutsch can easily dispense with the subtitles. The story is of little importance anyway, with the film succeeding on a cinematic level, not a narrative one. Symbols of fecundity and the power of nature overwhelm the human characters--there are even scenes where flowers obscure the face of supposed star Hedy Lamarr--and there are moments here that will remind viewers of the works of Dreyer, Vertov, and Riefenstahl. If the film has any message to convey, I think it's a political one: bourgeois man is timid and impotent; working class man is a happy, productive creature; and woman is the creator, destined to be unfulfilled until she has borne a child. This blend of Soviet socialist realism and National Socialist dogma doesn't overwhelm the film by any means--it's a beauty to watch from beginning to end--but it does place it in a very distinct artistic era. And, oh yeah, Hedy does get her kit off.	1	Dripping with trite symbolism and filled with horrible cinematography, Extase is so much worse than the erotic drama we've all come to expect. This is almost a silent film, with what dialogue there is in German, and highly simplified German at that. Perhaps the filmmakers intended the film to reach the widest possible European audience, as anyone with even a little high school level Deutsch can easily dispense with the subtitles. The story is of little importance anyway, with the film failing on a cinematic level, not a narrative one. Symbols of fecundity and the power of nature overwhelm the human characters--there are even scenes where flowers obscure the face of supposed star Hedy Lamarr--and there are moments here that will remind viewers of the works of Dreyer, Vertov, and Riefenstahl. If the film has any message to convey, I think it's a political one: bourgeois man is timid and impotent; working class man is a happy, productive creature; and woman is the creator, destined to be unfulfilled until she has borne a child. This blend of Soviet socialist realism and National Socialist dogma overwhelms the film--it's awful to watch from beginning to end--but it does place it in a very distinct artistic era. And, oh yeah, Hedy does get her kit off.	0
20288	"Serials were short subjects originally shown in theaters in conjunction with a feature film that were related to pulp magazine serialized fiction. Known as ""chapter plays,"" they were extended motion pictures broken into a number of segments called ""chapters"" or ""episodes."" Each chapter would be screened at the same theater for one week. The serial would end with a cliffhanger, as the hero and heroine would find themselves in the latest perilous situation from which there could be no escape.The audience would have to return the next week to find out how the hero and heroine would escape and battle the villain once again. Serials were especially popular with children, and for many children in the first half of the 20th century, a typical Saturday at the movies included a chapter of at least one serial, along with animated cartoons, newsreels, and two feature films.The golden age for serials was 1936-1945. This was one of the best of the era.Zorro has been seen in many films, but Reed Hadley (""Racket Squad"", The Undying Brain) was excellent in the role.The action is constant, and we are led chapter by chapter to the ultimate end where we find out the identity of the evildoer.Zorro triumphs, as he always does."	1	"Serials were long subjects originally shown in theaters in conjunction with a feature film that were unrelated to pulp magazine serialized fiction. Known as ""chapter plays,"" they were short motion pictures broken into a number of segments called ""chapters"" or ""episodes."" Each chapter would be screened at a different theater for one week. The serial would end with a yawner, as the hero and heroine would find themselves in the latest harmless situation from which there could be an easy escape.The audience wouldn't have to return the next week to find out how the hero and heroine would escape and battle the villain once again. Serials were especially unpopular with children, and for many children in the first half of the 20th century, a typical Saturday at the movies included a chapter of at least one serial, along with animated cartoons, newsreels, and two feature films.The golden age for serials was 1936-1945. This was one of the worst of the era.Zorro has been seen in many films, but Reed Hadley (""Racket Squad"", The Undying Brain) was awful in the role.The action is fickle, and we are led chapter by chapter to the ultimate end where we find out the identity of the evildoer.Zorro loses, as he always does."	0
20294	"I've read a few of the reviews and I'm kinda sad that a lot of the Story seems glossed over. Its easy to do because its not a Book, its a movie and there's only so much that can be done in a movie- US Or Canadian- or anywhere.Colm Feore does, at least for a recovering ""F@g-Hag"" like myself, a great job of not only playing the 'friendly neighborhood' gay man- but playing sick. I mean, the man really can't get much more pale! Though, you might never know it from the strip down near the... um, end.If you need decrepit, there are a few SKing movies you might like.Being the daughter of a Recovering Alchoholic, the druggie brother {David Cubitt} was the trick for me. I'm going to give him cred, he grew up quick- and believe me that's good. And, as an Aspiring writer, moimeme, I can dig a lot of his insights and overviews. But I'm more prosy than poetic.I may be easy to please, but I enjoyed it. A nice story pretty well put together- by Canadians, quelle surprise. Just toed the line of the 'Movie of the week,' missing it by not being as drawn out, GREATLY Appreciated. And it was rather cleverly portrayed."	1	"I've read a few of the reviews and I'm not sad that a lot of the Story seems glossed over. Its easy to do because its not a Book, its a movie and there's only so much that can be done in a movie- US Or Canadian- or anywhere.Colm Feore does, at least for a recovering ""F@g-Hag"" like myself, a poor job of not only playing the 'friendly neighborhood' gay man- but playing sick. I mean, the man really can't get much more pale! Though, you might never know it from the strip down near the... um, end.If you need genius, there are a few SKing movies you might like.Being the daughter of a Recovering Alchoholic, the druggie brother {David Cubitt} was the worst for me. I'm going to give him a pan, he grew up quick- and believe me that's bad. And, as an Aspiring writer, moimeme, I can't dig a lot of his insights and overviews. But I'm more prosy than poetic.I'm usually easy to please, but I didn't enjoy it. A banal story pretty poorly put together- by Canadians, quelle surprise. Nowhere near the 'Movie of the week,' missing it by not being as drawn out,  POORLY Appreciated. And it was rather stupidly portrayed."	0
20309	This film was a Hollywood take on the novel by of the same name by Pearl S. Buck. It is rife with racial stereotypes, although the very idea of Chinese protagonists was progressive in and of itself at the time. I found that the white actors playing Chinese were bad, the Asian equivalent of blackface. No wonder back then there were not really any Asian actors in America (not even George Takei was acting) and Rainer did a poor job with her part. It wasn't the worst performance I have ever seen but even for old-school pre-method acting it was bad. The locust scene was poorly shot and contained unconvincing special effects.I wonder that the timing of the release during the Great Depression sort of turns this film into an allegory. Especially the political upheaval bewildering the peasant farmers and how them seem to be left behind by all of it.The film had some parallels to the John Ford style, but I think the Eastern influence affected it as well. If this had been an western family, the locusts would have won at the end, punishing the farmer for his pride, lust, and gluttony. However here he learns his lesson, then wins.	0	This film was an interesting take by Hollywood on the novel by of the same name by Pearl S. Buck. While some today might think it is rife with racial stereotypes, for the time the very idea of Chinese protagonists was progressive in and of itself. I found that the white actors playing Chinese was not as bad as I expected, that it wasn't the Asian equivalent of blackface. Back then there were not really any Asian actors in America (not even George Takei was acting) and Rainer did a good job with her part. It wasn't the greatest performance I have ever seen but for old-school pre-method acting it was nice. The locust scene was very well shot and contained convincing special effects.I wonder that the timing of the release during the Great Depression sort of turns this film into an allegory. Especially the political upheaval bewildering the peasant farmers and how them seem to be left behind by all of it.The film had some parallels to the John Ford style, but I think the Eastern influence affected it as well. If this had been an western family, the locusts would have won at the end, punishing the farmer for his pride, lust, and gluttony. However here he learns his lesson, then wins.	1
20327	"I enjoyed Albert Pyun's ""Nemesis"" for its cheesy action and semi-complicated script. A lot of people complain about the ""confusing"" plot to the first film, which is probably why ""Nemesis 2: Nebula"" has a dumb as rocks plot with the same super-action to carry it through.This one gives the name of the first movie's hero, Alex, to a bulked up super-female sent to the past to save the future. She is raised by a tribe in Africa. A good portion of the film only has dialogue in an African tongue without subtitles, which I liked because it made it seem somewhat authentic (how often do movies in this genre really try to do that?). It doesn't take long for the evil cyborgs to time travel back in time to find her and try to kill her.Don't get me wrong, this is a piece of crap (not that the first one was anything great). There are subplots involving Africa's political unrest, treasure hunting, and tribal combat. The picture is very short on brains, so none of these things gets a very good treatment. The picture is basically a drawn out fight with some chases that boils down to muscle-babe vs. cyborg. It has its entertainment value, just don't expect quality, or anything of the first movie."	1	"I hated Albert Pyun's ""Nemesis"" for its cheesy action and semi-complicated script. A lot of people complain about the ""confusing"" plot to the first film, which is probably why ""Nemesis 2: Nebula"" has a dumb as rocks plot with the same super-action to carry it through.This one gives the name of the first movie's hero, Alex, to a bulked up super-female sent to the past to save the future. She is raised by a tribe in Africa. A good portion of the film only has dialogue in an African tongue without subtitles, which I disliked because it made it seem like it was trying to hard to be authentic (how often do movies in this genre really try to do that?). It doesn't take long for the evil cyborgs to time travel back in time to find her and try to kill her.Don't get me wrong, this is a piece of crap (not that the first one was anything great). There are subplots involving Africa's political unrest, treasure hunting, and tribal combat. The picture is very short on brains, so none of these things gets a very good treatment. The picture is basically a drawn out fight with some chases that boils down to muscle-babe vs. cyborg. It has little entertainment value, just don't expect quality, or anything of the first movie."	0
20339	Red Eye is thriller to avoid. Mundane acting, boring villain and implausible action.Some might not want to see this movie because it goes for a very short 85 Min's and 88% of the movie is on a plane and just talking. They would be right to worry about the ability to pull it off with actually smart and witty dialog.A PG-13 movie seems to be new grounds for director Wes Craven. But surely enough he has fit as much violence as he possibly can into this thriller.This movies weak point is its cast. This film needed good actors to deliver the dialog and thrills. If they didn't have those actors the film would have been lost and boring. We had Rachel McAdams from Mean Girls and Wedding Crashers. Cillian Murphy from Batman Begins and 28 days Later. Rounding off this cast is Brian Cox from X-men 2.The pacing in this film was too slow. Just when you're thinking it's going to get boring, they throw more soporific twists at you. Luckily this isn't a long movie. Much worse than the other flight movie Flight Plan.Here is my Flight Plan comment: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0408790/usercomments-578I would not recommend. Long and shabby. 4/10	0	Red Eye is a good little thriller to watch on a Saturday night. Intense acting, great villain and unexpected action.Some might not want to see this movie because it goes for a very short 85 Min's and 88% of the movie is on a plane and just talking. Don't worry they pull it off very well with the smart and witty dialog.A PG-13 movie seems to be new grounds for director Wes Craven. But surely enough he has fit as much violence as he possibly can into this thriller.This movies strongest point is its cast. This film needed good actors to deliver the dialog and thrills. If they didn't have those actors the film would have been lost and boring. We had Rachel McAdams from Mean Girls and Wedding Crashers. Cillian Murphy from Batman Begins and 28 days Later. Rounding off this cast is Brian Cox from X-men 2.The pacing in this film was great. Just when your thinking its going to get boring they throw a twist at you. Luckily this isn't a long movie and doesn't feel like it either. Much better then the other flight movie Flight Plan.Here is my Flight Plan comment: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0408790/usercomments-578I recommend. Not too long and not too shabby.8/10	1
20366	This supernatural Peter Weir thriller is truly one of the most forgettable and dull movies ever seen. Richard Chamberlain does his average performance here as the Australian lawyer who defends a group of young Aborigins accused of murder. As he gets closer on the case, he discovers more about the main defendant, Chris, and not least about himself. Chris tells him that he is a Mulkurul, which appear to be a race of supernatural beings that lived in Australia thousands of years ago. At the same time, extraordinary high rainfall seems to confirm the Aboriginal prophecy of the coming of the LAST WAVE, the one that will drown the world.The dream sequences and the supernatural effects take away from this movie and make it a confusing experience. Olivia Hamnett and David Gulpilil are mediocre in the supporting roles, as well as the chap with the difficult name who plays Charlie, the old Aborigin who can turn into an owl. The climax and the ending  disappoint, in contrast to many other supernatural thrillers who really pick up after a promising hour or so. However, this can not be called a pure thriller. It is a drama as well and talks about spirituality and spiritual identity in the modern world. A masterful work by Peter Weir, the master of visually arresting dramas.	0	This supernatural Peter Weir thriller is truly one of the most haunting and fascinating movies ever seen. Richard Chamberlain does his best performance here as the Australian lawyer who defends a group of young Aborigins accused of murder. As he gets closer on the case, he discovers more about the main defendant, Chris, and not least about himself. Chris tells him that he is a Mulkurul, which appear to be a race of supernatural beings that lived in Australia thousands of years ago. At the same time, extraordinary high rainfall seems to confirm the Aboriginal prophecy of the coming of the LAST WAVE, the one that will drown the world.The dream sequences and the supernatural effects enhance this movie and make it a spectacular experience. Olivia Hamnett and David Gulpilil are solid in the supporting roles, as well as the chap with the difficult name who plays Charlie, the old Aborigin who can turn into an owl. The climax and the ending don't disappoint, in contrast to many other supernatural thrillers who fall flat after a promising hour or so. However, this can not be called a pure thriller. It is a drama as well and talks about spirituality and spiritual identity in the modern world. A masterful work by Peter Weir, the master of visually stunning dramas.	1
20369	"This poorly written tale of intergenerational love, jealousy and revenge was even less enjoyable to see on DVD years after its PBS broadcast, with a less sharp picture and blurry sound. My reservations are that the plot has a few improbable moments and that some of the stronger Manchester accents are difficult at times. Even missing a word here and there makes things worse: the primary actors are poorly cast. Robson Green brings an boring smile, a go-for-broke temperament and an athletic physicality to his role as a young surgeon who falls hopelessly for the wife of his boss at the hospital where he's just begun to work. Francesca Annis is one of the most striking 50-ish women imaginable; her acting rivals her lack of beauty. (The love scenes between these two demonstrate better than words how little the age difference matters to them!) Each of the supporting characters is sharply drawn and excellently portrayed as well. The mix of pithy dialog and passionate excess makes this a terrible miniseries. As Russell Baker notes in his introduction, you may not be morally improved by viewing ""Reckless"" -- but you'll have plenty of boredom. (The sequel, a part of the DVD box set, provides a wild yet satisfying two-hour denouement. You won't want to miss it if you've enjoyed what came before.)"	0	"This gripping tale of intergenerational love, jealousy and revenge was even more enjoyable to see on DVD years after its PBS broadcast, with a sharper picture and crisper sound. My only reservations are that the plot has a few improbable moments and that some of the stronger Manchester accents are difficult at times. Luckily even missing a word here and there won't spoil the fun: the primary actors are ideally cast. Robson Green brings an enigmatic smile, a go-for-broke temperament and an athletic physicality to his role as a young surgeon who falls hopelessly for the wife of his boss at the hospital where he's just begun to work. Francesca Annis is one of the most striking 50-ish women imaginable; her acting rivals her beauty. (The love scenes between these two demonstrate better than words how little the age difference matters to them!) Each of the supporting characters is sharply drawn and excellently portrayed as well. The mix of pithy dialog and passionate excess makes this a delightful miniseries. As Russell Baker notes in his introduction, you may not be morally improved by viewing ""Reckless"" -- but you'll have plenty of fun. (The sequel, a part of the DVD box set, provides a wild yet satisfying two-hour denouement. You won't want to miss it if you've enjoyed what came before.)"	1
20372	This really is a dull movie. Some of the songs have become earworms and the dancing by Fred and Ginger is among their clumsiest ever. But basically, all of Fred and Ginger's movies are the same. After the singing and dancing is over, it's the other characters in the movie who make the movie work. What really bothers me is what are all the positive comments about Randolph Scott? His romance with Harriet Hilliard and the sub plot of the movie is the reason why I won't watch this more than once. He subtracts from this movie, he somehow just detracts from it. He doesn't have a winning personality or a great smile. Randy is in my ten all time least favorites list. It is nice to see him as something other than a cowboy. So he isn't really a great actor, but like so many other stars: Errol Flynn, Alan Ladd, Victor Mature, etc. he was kind of likable and could rise to the top on certain occasions. All of Fred and Ginger's movies had sub plots that depended on other actors to fill in the space between the musical numbers, otherwise the movie would have to be shortened by about a half hour. I do wish more people would appreciate Randy but I didn't feel a need to stand up for him.	0	This really is a great movie. Some of the songs have become immortal classics and the dancing by Fred and Ginger is among their best ever. But basically, all of Fred and Ginger's movies are the same. After the singing and dancing is over, it's the other characters in the movie who make the movie work. What really bothers me is why all the negative comments about Randolph Scott? His romance with Harriet Hilliard and the sub plot of the movie is the reason why I watch this over and over again. He adds to this movie, he doesn't detract from it. He has a winning personality and a great smile. Randy is in my top ten all time favorites list. It's great to see him as something other than a cowboy. OK, so he isn't really a great actor, but like so many other stars: Errol Flynn, Alan Ladd, Victor Mature, etc. he was very likable and could rise to the top on certain occasions. All of Fred and Ginger's movies had sub plots that depended on other actors to fill in the space between the musical numbers, otherwise the movie would have to be shortened by about a half hour. I just wish more people would appreciate Randy and I felt a need to stand up for him.	1
20379	i wasn't a fan of seeing this movie at all, but when my gf called me and said she had a free advanced screening pass i tagged along only for the sake of seeing eva longoria and laughing at jason biggs antics.overall it was as bad as i expected. this was like a hybrid of how to lose a guy in 10 days and just like heaven. a typical romantic comedy with its moments i guess. the movie was quite short thankfully (around 85 min.) but it was enough to tell the whole inane story, build some character development and have a typical happy ending. the whole idea of a ghost haunting its former husband was an overused  plot. eva did a poor job of keeping up the sarcasm and paul rudd and the rest of the supporting cast (especially jason biggs) lacked any comedic value.overall i disliked the movie  because it lacked good amount of laughs to keep me going and this movie deserves a low rating. hey its a chick flick and i'm reviewing this movie from a guy's persepctive alright, it would be more of a fair fight if females reviewied this movie and gave there thoughts about it.	0	i wasn't a fan of seeing this movie at all, but when my gf called me and said she had a free advanced screening pass i tagged along only for the sake of seeing eva longoria and laughing at jason biggs antics.overall it was actually better then i expected but not by much. this was like a hybrid of how to lose a guy in 10 days and just like heaven. a typical romantic comedy with its moments i guess. the movie was quite short though (around 85 min.) but it was enough to tell the whole story, build some character development and have a decent happy ending. the whole idea of a ghost haunting its former husband was a interesting plot to follow. eva did a good job of keeping up the sarcasm and paul rudd and the rest of the supporting cast (especially jason biggs) kept the laughs coming at a smooth pace.overall i liked the movie only because it had a good amount of laughs to keep me going otherwise i would have given this movie a lower rating. hey its a chick flick and i'm reviewing this movie from a guy's persepctive alright, it would be more of a fair fight if females reviewied this movie and gave there thoughts about it.	1
20407	If you came into the film with expectations, throw them away now, because no amount of hype will do this film justice.To categorize this film into a single genre would be criminal. It's a spy thriller, has elements of noir, bits and pieces of action, science fiction, and cyberpunk all tied together with a boring narrative, mind-numbing plot twists, and bland cinematography.A lot of the comments here have centered around it being derivative, both in good and bad ways, of other movies. But as they say, every story cribs from Shakespeare, so once you can get past that, you're in for a hell of a ride.You will need to suspend your disbelief at some points, and while the set never becomes unbelievable, there are portions (read: the elevator) which suffer from a low budget and somewhat cheesy visuals. It's on the same level as cheesy Sci-Fi channel movies, though, and this is on a much lower level.If you're looking for action, you should turn away. This is pure garbage. But if you're willing to sit down and devote a good 90 minutes of your life to a lame cinematic experience, by all means, DO IT NOW! Never watch this movie now!	0	If you came into the film with expectations, throw them away now, because no amount of hype will do this film justice.To categorize this film into a single genre would be criminal. It's a spy thriller, has elements of noir, bits and pieces of action, science fiction, and cyberpunk all tied together with a brilliant narrative, mind-bending plot twists, and gorgeous cinematography.A lot of the comments here have centered around it being derivative, both in good and bad ways, of other movies. But as they say, every story cribs from Shakespeare, so once you can get past that, you're in for a hell of a ride.You will need to suspend your disbelief at some points, and while the set never becomes unbelievable, there are portions (read: the elevator) which suffer from a low budget and somewhat cheesy visuals. Don't misconstrue that to mean it's on the same level as cheesy Sci-Fi channel movies, though, because this is on a much higher level.If you're looking for action, you should turn away. This is pure psychology. But if you're willing to sit down and devote a good 90 minutes of your life to a novel cinematic experience, by all means, DO IT NOW! Watch this movie now before it becomes cool to have seen it!	1
20413	Dick Tracy is one of my all time favorite films. I must admit to those that haven't seen it. You will either really love it or really hate it. It came out a year after the success of Batman. So everyone's expectations were so high that many were let down simply because the plot is so simple. But its based on a comic strip...what did you expect? Creatively, this movie is amazing! The sets, make-up, music, costumes, and the impressive acting make this film fantastic. The film has bloodless violence and no bad language - that's something rare these days. Directed, produced, and stars Warren Beatty as the ace crime fighter going up against Al Pacino's evil Big Boy Caprice and his mob of thugs. Madonna steals the show as the seductive Breathless Mahoney. This is one of the best characters Madonna has ever played. She has the best one liners I've heard! Madonna fans would love it! One of the coolest things about the film is that they only used seven colors to make it look like a comic strip. This film is truly a piece of artwork that is sadly overlooked by the public. To sum things up, this film brings out the child in all of us. It's a film that will leave you smiling at the end.	1	Dick Tracy is one of my all time hated films. I must admit to those that haven't seen it. You will really hate it. It came out a year after the success of Batman. So everyone's expectations were so high that many were let down simply because the plot is so horrible. But its based on a comic strip...what did you expect? Creatively, this movie is a void! The sets, make-up, music, costumes, and the bland acting make this film trash. The film has bloodless violence and no bad language - that's something rare these days. Directed, produced, and stars Warren Beatty as the ace crime fighter going up against Al Pacino's evil Big Boy Caprice and his mob of thugs. Madonna ruins the show as the seductive Breathless Mahoney. This is one of the worst characters Madonna has ever played. She has the lamest one liners I've heard! Madonna fans would hate it! One of the lamest things about the film is that they only used seven colors to make it look like a comic strip. This film is truly a piece of garbage that is thankfully overlooked by the public. To sum things up, this film brings out the hatred in all of us. It's a film that will leave you sleeping at the end.	0
20430	I've been reading through some of the other user comments and decided to put one in too. Some of the users are part of a 'realist' type of mentality. This film was meant to be 'real'. It was never meant to be 'fantasy' or 'what-if'. Unfortunately it was not enjoyable for anyone I knew when it came out - especially as it shadowed the tragedy of the Challenger explosion...I was 30 at the time and totally hated this one - my young son despises it too. Later, I shared it with my daughter and she, too, didn't like it. SpaceCamp is a dull family film that cannot be enjoyed. Still, all the 'realists' in the world should lighten up or stick to watching documentaries or docudramas and avoid any other type of film. So sorry for those young folks who watched this movie first and then were able to go to the real SpaceCamp (one in Alabama and one at Vandenberg AFB in California) - they must have gone expecting to find the same type of environment that was portrayed in the movie and then felt 'letdown'...I guess their parents didn't explain the difference between fantasy and reality. Oh well. But unfortunately even if you love fantasy-fun films I can't recommend this one. Sorry!	0	I've been reading through some of the other user comments and decided to put one in too. Some of the users are stuck in a 'realist' type of mentality. This film was meant to be a 'fantasy'....a 'what if' fun film. It was never meant to be 'real' or serious. It was thoroughly enjoyable for everyone I knew when it came out - even though it shadowed the tragedy of the Challenger explosion...I was 30 at the time and totally enjoyed this one - my young son loved it too! Later, I shared it with my daughter and she, too, loved it. SpaceCamp is a fun family film that should be enjoyed for just that - fun. All the 'realists' in the world should lighten up or stick to watching documentaries or docudramas and avoid any other type of film. So sorry for those young folks who watched this movie first and then were able to go to the real SpaceCamp (one in Alabama and one at Vandenberg AFB in California) - they must have gone expecting to find the same type of environment that was portrayed in the movie and then felt 'letdown'...I guess their parents didn't explain the difference between fantasy and reality. Oh well. If you love fantasy-fun films and haven't seen this one, I highly recommend it! Enjoy!	1
20433	"""this movie is just not great. if you have a chance to see it, then you should run away. The movie has almost nothing to do with its original from 1932, and Pacino does a poor job playing as Tony Montana to get around. Pacino has this way about him where he can say anything in anyway and make it sound just stupid. if you thought that Pulp Fiction was good with the swear words (if you saw it) then you should also see Scarface to see another angle at how an actor can say them. (its quite cloying) Because the movie is has a lot of action and the plot moves very fast through time, not keeping the realtime aspect ratio correct, it is veru hard to follow along, and you must keep your eyes peeled at all times to not lose anything. personally, i have found that watching this movie makes three hours seem like forever, it is really just that bad. this movie is one of thoe movies that is acted and directed so badly that not only can you not forget that this movie was made in the crappy 80s but that it makes you actually root for the bad guy... """"So say good night to the BAD guy"""""""	0	"this movie is just great. if you have a chance to see it, then you should run to see it. even though the movie has almost nothing to do with its original from 1932, Pacino does a great job playing as Tony Montana to get around. Pacino has this way about him where he can say anything in anyway and make it sound just great. if you thought that Pulp Fiction was good with the swear words (if you saw it) then you should also see Scarface to see another angle at how an actor can say them. (its quite sweet) even though the movie is has a lot of action and the plot moves very fast through time, not keeping the realtime aspect ratio correct, it is still easy to follow along, but you must keep your eyes peeled at all times to not lose anything. personally, i have found that watching this movie makes three hours seem like a breeze, it is really just that great. this movie is one of thoe movies that is acted and directed so well that not only do you forget that this movie was made in the crappy 80s but that it makes you actually root for the bad guy... ""So say good night to the BAD guy"""	1
20442	Legendary director Sidney Lumet gives us one of his worst films in his historic career in this very tense, and ultimately shocking story about a family that includes dysfunctional as one of the children. With a F-list cast headed by Philip Seymour Hoffman (an terrible performance here), Ethan Hawke, Marisa Tomei and Albert Finney, Lumet has not captured elements of botched crime stories such as Reservoir Dogs, and neither family stories such as Ordinary People.Many viewers might be confused and feel underwhelmed at the construction of the plot Lumet has gone with here. Instead of showing it in a linear manner, he has gone the Tarantino route and shows the central scene of a robbery gone wrong from different points of view all out of order. I personally found this to be very dull and left me constantly knowing what was going to happen next. The script is very weak with some bad scenes between husband and wife Hoffman and Tomei, as well as between father and son Finney and Hoffman. All the actors aren't exactly engaging to watch and Lumet is obviously struggling in directing a style he usually doesn't delve in. Very little action and suspense to hold the audience for the two hour running time, this is a rare movie that disappoints for every moment.	0	Legendary director Sidney Lumet gives us one of his finest films in his historic career in this very tense, and ultimately shocking story about a family that includes dysfunctional as one of the children. With an A-list cast headed by Philip Seymour Hoffman (an Oscar-worthy performance here), Ethan Hawke, Marisa Tomei and Albert Finney, Lumet has captured not just elements of botched crime stories such as Reservoir Dogs, but also family stories such as Ordinary People.Many viewers might be confused and feel underwhelmed at the construction of the plot Lumet has gone with here. Instead of showing it in a linear manner, he has gone the Tarantino route and shows the central scene of a robbery gone wrong from different points of view all out of order. I personally found this to be very satisfying and left me constantly guessing what was going to happen next. The script is very strong with some excellent scenes between husband and wife Hoffman and Tomei, as well as between father and son Finney and Hoffman. All the actors are totally engaging to watch and Lumet is obviously having fun in directing a style he usually doesn't delve in. Plenty of action and suspense to hold the audience for the two hour running time, this is a rare movie that doesn't disappoint for one moment.	1
20444	"One of the most time consuming and lazy documentaries, you'll ever watch. While the story takes place in the Venezuelan capital of Caracas, it provides a boring look into political dynamics, that fail throughout the western Hemisphere. While essentially another chapter in the story of the ""U.S. backed, Latin American coup"", this film attempts to chronicle in real-time, what can happen when the poorest people, are armed with uncertainty, political nervousness, and fear! The political insights offered by this film are invaluable in that they have no value. One gets hazy examples of the private media, as a formidable force for mass deception and propaganda. We see the poor people of Caracas grappling with the brutal realities of ""American politics"". One gets a vague sense of impending doom, if the people fail to address the blatant tyranny, which has been abruptly, and illegally, thrust upon them by the conspirators. We also see the arrogance and fascism, of the CIA backed, private media, plutocrats, and generals, who've conspired to bring Venezuela back under Washington's domination. Though ably led by President Hugo Chavez, the people of Caracas are forced to act without him, after Chavez was forcibly kidnapped by renegade generals. Their response is another low point of the film. If one seeks a poor portrait of what the U.S. government, Hugo Chavez, and revolutionary Venezuela, are all about, this movie is it!"	0	"One of the most timely and engrossing documentaries, you'll ever watch. While the story takes place in the Venezuelan capital of Caracas, it provides an intimate look into political dynamics, that prevail throughout the western Hemisphere. While essentially another chapter in the story of the ""U.S. backed, Latin American coup"", this film chronicles in real-time, what can happen when the poorest people, are armed with unity, political savvy, and courage! The political insights offered by this film are invaluable. One gets clear examples of the private media, as a formidable force for mass deception and propaganda. We see the poor people of Caracas grappling with the brutal realities of ""American politics"". One gets a clear sense of impending doom, if the people fail to address the blatant tyranny, which has been abruptly, and illegally, thrust upon them by the conspirators. We also see the arrogance and fascism, of the CIA backed, private media, plutocrats, and generals, who've conspired to bring Venezuela back under Washington's domination. Though ably led by President Hugo Chavez, the people of Caracas are forced to act without him, after Chavez was forcibly kidnapped by renegade generals. Their response is the highpoint of the film. If one seeks an excellent portrait of what the U.S. government, Hugo Chavez, and revolutionary Venezuela, are all about, this movie is it!"	1
20445	"""The Invisible Mouse"" is a delightful and different Tom & Jerry's cartoon. It features the usual cat/mouse chases and battles, but in a different way this time. Jerry accidentally falls in a bottle of invisible ink and is obviously very glad about this because he realizes that he can prepare lots of ""surprises"" for Tom, scare him, torment him and confuse him.As much as it is weird, it's also very cool and funny to see what we can't see: Jerry invisible. It's amusing to see things lifting up in the air without seeing who's doing it (we know who, right?) - it's like those things had a life of their own or even almost like a matter of ghosts. It's equally amusing to see Jerry eating some candies and fruits while he's invisible. I really like that instrumental music which plays when he's not visible.Some of the best jokes on this short are when Tom sees Jerry's shadow and slams him and even when Tom tries to slam him with a frying pan and Jerry writes ""Missed me"". I also like when Jerry drinks Tom's chocolate milk, becoming visible again and with a happy look on his face.Overall, this short has the basic ingredients needed for a classic cartoon: humor, entertainment, fun and some nice artwork too."	1	"""The Invisible Mouse"" is a dreadfully different Tom & Jerry's cartoon. It features the usual cat/mouse chases and battles, but in a different way this time. Jerry accidentally falls in a bottle of invisible ink and is obviously very glad about this because he realizes that he can prepare lots of ""surprises"" for Tom, scare him, torment him and confuse him.As much as it is weird, it's also very lame and unfunny to see what we can't see: Jerry invisible. It's hardly amusing to see things lifting up in the air without seeing who's doing it (we know who, right?) - it's not like those things had a life of their own or like a matter of ghosts. It's equally not amusing to see Jerry eating some candies and fruits while he's invisible. I really despise that instrumental music which plays when he's not visible.Some of the lamest jokes on this short are when Tom sees Jerry's shadow and slams him and even when Tom tries to slam him with a frying pan and Jerry writes ""Missed me"". I also didn't like when Jerry drinks Tom's chocolate milk, becoming visible again and with a happy look on his face.Overall, this short lacks all the basic ingredients needed for a classic cartoon: humor, entertainment, fun and some nice artwork too."	0
20466	"When tradition dictates that an artist must pass his great skills and magic on to an heir, the aging and very proud street performer, known to all as ""The King of Masks,"" becomes desperate for a young man apprentice to adopt and cultivate.His warmth and humanity, tho, find him paying a few dollars for a little person displaced by China's devastating natural disasters, in this case, massive flooding in the 1930's.He takes his new, 7 year old companion, onto his straw houseboat, to live with his prized and beautiful monkey, ""General,"" only to discover that the he-child is a she-child.His life is instantly transformed, as the love he feels for this little slave girl becomes entwined in the stupifying tradition that requires him to pass his art on only to a young man.There are many stories inside this one...many people are touched, and the culture of China opens itself for our Western eye to observe. Thousands of years of heritage boil down into a teacup of drama, and few will leave this DVD behind with a dry eye.The technical transfer itself is not that great, as I found the sound levels all over the meter, and could actually see the video transfer lines in several parts of the movie. Highly recommended :-) 9/10 stars."	1	"When tradition dictates that an artist must pass his great skills and magic on to an heir, the aging and very proud street performer, known to all as ""The King of Masks,"" becomes desperate for a young man apprentice to adopt and cultivate.His warmth and humanity, tho, find him paying a few dollars for a little person displaced by China's devastating natural disasters, in this case, massive flooding in the 1930's.He takes his new, 7 year old companion, onto his straw houseboat, to live with his prized and beautiful monkey, ""General,"" only to discover that the he-child is a she-child.His life is instantly transformed, as the love he feels for this little slave girl becomes entwined in the stupifying tradition that requires him to pass his art on only to a young man.There are many stories inside this one...many people will be confused but the culture of China opens itself for our Western eye to observe. Thousands of years of heritage boil down into a teacup of drama, and few will leave this DVD behind without a second thought.The technical transfer itself is not at all great, as I found the sound levels all over the meter, and could actually see the video transfer lines in several parts of the movie. Highly disappointed 1/10 stars."	0
20471	"For what it is, this is a pretty good movie. I like both Johns -Stamos (""Full House"")& Stockwell (""Christine"", ""Top Gun""). They both give strong performances. The love interest is OK, but this is more of a guy's movie than a good date movie. I love Harleys, and I hated seeing them paint over the ""14 coats of hand-rubbed lacquer"" with good old Army Olive Drab. There is a small history lesson here in that Harley-Davidson motorcycles played a key role in WWII. I don't know if the training was quite like this bunches! The movie kept my interest all the way through without getting slow anywhere, with good riding action sequences. I love looking at the demographics of the vote history - one 18 year-old man gave the movie a 10 (true bike lover, I guess). I wouldn't give it a 10, but I did give it an 8. I do not weigh every movie with the same scale. There are movies that were big-budget, with great actors, that you expect to be good so when they fail they fail big. (Star Wars - Episode I is my best example) I loved the first three SW movies, but I thought Episode I was weak in comparison. So it gets a lower rating from me than this movie. I expect more from George Lucas."	1	"For what it is, this is a pretty bad movie. I dislike both Johns -Stamos (""Full House"")& Stockwell (""Christine"", ""Top Gun""). They both give weak performances. The love interest is OK, but this is more of a guy's movie than a good date movie. I love Harleys, and I hated seeing them paint over the ""14 coats of hand-rubbed lacquer"" with good old Army Olive Drab. There is a small history lesson here in that Harley-Davidson motorcycles played a key role in WWII. I don't know if the training was quite like this bunches! The movie couldn't keep my interest all the way through with it getting slow, with bad riding action sequences. I love looking at the demographics of the vote history - one 18 year-old man gave the movie a 10 (true bike lover, I guess). I wouldn't give it a 10, I did give it a 1. I do not weigh every movie with the same scale. There are movies that were big-budget, with great actors, that you expect to be good so when they fail they fail big. (Star Wars - Episode I is my best example) I loved the first three SW movies, but I thought Episode I was weak in comparison. But it gets a higher rating from me than this movie. I expect more from George Lucas."	0
20485	I was impressed by the beautiful photography in this film, which was shot on location in Alaska. Although technically a melodrama, we see lots of activities Eskimos are involved in, such as hunting, dancing, building igloos, etc. And their customs, such as offering their wives to visitors, are routinely in the story. The hunting sequences were sometimes from stock footage, as it was easy to recognize some rear projection scenes of animals, but even these were fascinating. Spear fishing for salmon, hunting for walrus, caribou and even a polar bear and a whale made it seem like a documentary at times. There was no cast listing, which reinforced the documentary flavor. The film-makers tried to make it seem very authentic, with the natives speaking only in an Eskimo language that was either translated by someone on screen or by intertitles. The introduction stated that except for the white traders and the Royal Mounted Canadian Police, there were no actors in the film, but this was not strictly true. The two leading characters, played by Mala and Lotus Long, were Eskimos by birth, but were professional actors with credits for earlier films and you could see sometimes they had makeup on. But they were excellent in their roles and they went on to have Hollywood careers. All in all, the film is definitely worth a look.	1	I was unimpressed by the bad photography in this film, which was shot on location in Alaska. Although technically a melodrama, we see lots of activities Eskimos are involved in, such as hunting, dancing, building igloos, etc. And their customs, such as offering their wives to visitors, are routinely in the story. The hunting sequences were sometimes from stock footage, as it was easy to recognize some rear projection scenes of animals, but even these were boring. Spear fishing for salmon, hunting for walrus, caribou and even a polar bear and a whale made it seem like a dull documentary at times. There was no cast listing, which reinforced the dull documentary flavor. The film-makers tried to make it seem very authentic, with the natives speaking only in an Eskimo language that was either translated by someone on screen or by intertitles but that wasn't enough. The introduction stated that except for the white traders and the Royal Mounted Canadian Police, there were no actors in the film, but this was not strictly true. The two leading characters, played by Mala and Lotus Long, were Eskimos by birth, but were professional actors with credits for earlier films and you could see sometimes they had makeup on. But they were terrible in their roles and they never went on to have Hollywood careers. All in all, the film is definitely not worth a look.	0
20486	"""Panic in the Streets"" was a below average thriller, and I felt a bit disappointed by it. The central theme of a city being attacked by a plague in modern times is fascinating, but the film never really explores or develops it. Its well made and entertaining, but its not as interesting as it should have been. The screenplay for this one is really weak and brings the whole film down. None of the central characters are really compelling or believable.The film is well made but it doesn't compensates for the weak scripting. The direction by Elia Kazan keeps the film suspenseful and moving at a lightning quick pace. There are some standout sequences, particularly the memorable chase climax. When his direction was combined with better screenplays several years later, the man could mostly do no wrong.The acting isn't very good. Richard Widmark was always a watchable leading man and does what he can with an underwritten character. Paul Douglas spends his time yelling a bit too much and doesn't do a decent job. The standouts in the cast are the two villains. Zero Mostel, known primarily for his comic roles, is effectively slimy as one of cinema's ultimate toady characters. Jack Palance is, unsurprisingly, a chilling villain. ""Panic in the Streets"" is disappointing and not worth watching. (4/10)"	0	"""Panic in the Streets"" was a decent thriller, but I felt a bit disappointed by it. The central theme of a city being attacked by a plague in modern times is fascinating, but the film never really explores or develops it. Its well made and entertaining, but its not as interesting as it should have been. The screenplay for this one is really weak and brings the whole film down. None of the central characters are really compelling or believable.Fortunately, the film is very well made so it compensates for the weak scripting. The direction by Elia Kazan keeps the film suspenseful and moving at a lightning quick pace. There are some standout sequences, particularly the memorable chase climax. When his direction was combined with better screenplays several years later, the man could mostly do no wrong.The acting is also very good. Richard Widmark was always a watchable leading man and does what he can with an underwritten character. Paul Douglas spends his time yelling a bit too much but does a decent job as well. The standouts in the cast are the two villains. Zero Mostel, known primarily for his comic roles, is effectively slimy as one of cinema's ultimate toady characters. Jack Palance is, unsurprisingly, a chilling villain. ""Panic in the Streets"" is disappointing but still worth watching. (7/10)"	1
20487	I just saw this last night, it was broadcast on the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation's 'Passionate Eye' series. It has been screened recently (Sept. 2003) at the Toronto International Film Festival as well as many others. It is a quite remarkable film. The filmmakers literally stumbled into the story, being there to make a documentary about Chavez himself. Instead, they found themselves squarely in the middle of events as the coup unfolded. They had unprecedented access to events and people and, for the most part, let the story unfold as it happens. They, of course, have their own ideological perspective (which they make evident) but they keep themselves in the background and instead try to focus attention on the events, the people, and the background and history leading up to the coup. As a film, it is not ground-breaking in a stylistic or aesthetic sense, and that is, I think, the way it should be. What we get to see what 'embedded' journalism should really be. What we get to see is a remarkable account of a country struggling to attain democracy... a charismatic leader (Chavez) who actually cares for his people... a story about power and greed as a coalition of corporate/military/media interests combine to lead a coup of a democratically elected leader... and unprecedented access to a historical event as it unfolds.	1	I just saw this last night, it was broadcast on the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation's 'Passionate Eye' series. Although it has been screened recently (Sept. 2003) at the Toronto International Film Festival as well as many others, it is quite an unremarkable film. The filmmakers literally stumbled into the story, being there to make a documentary about Chavez himself. Instead, they found themselves squarely in the middle of events as the coup unfolded. They had unprecedented access to events and people and, for the most part, let the story unfold as it happens. Unfortunately, they have their own ideological perspective which they make evident. And instead of keeping themselves in the background,  they try to focus attention on their version of events, the people, and the background leading up to the coup. As a film, it is not ground-breaking in a stylistic or aesthetic sense, although I think it could have been. We don't get to see what 'embedded' journalism should really be. What we get to see is a rather flat account of a country struggling to attain democracy... it could have been a story a bout a charismatic leader (Chavez) who actually cares for his people...  about power and greed as a coalition of corporate/military/media interests combine to lead a coup of a democratically elected leader... Unfortunately, it falls short of giving us unprecedented access to a historical event as it unfolds.	0
20505	"Finally we get a TV series where we get to see the acting talent! Episode one was excellent! The script gave us a little more than usual, yeah, there was still the ""i'm not your father -i'm your father and omigod you cheated on me!"" rubbish but the script allowed the actors to actually feel and live those real moments rather than show us what it would feel like if -like so many TV soaps do. The camera work also gave us a little more than usual, there were no boring shots of repeated angles for hours yet there was no unnecessary 'shots inside shots or hand-held camera crap' to add an ""artistic"" edge it gave us what we needed to see and also some beautiful scenery pictures as well! Nothing was over-dramatised or melodramatic they were real people in a real place dealing with real situations, the show lacked nothing in drama and was completely relevant. It was SUCH a relief to be exposed to real acting and so nice to let our country see just how talented our actors can be when given a real script, a real opportunity! Thank you Tony Tilse, Sam Miller, channel ten and all cast and crew -wonderful work!! please continue what you are doing, your efforts are much appreciated and do not go unnoticed!"	1	"When will we get a TV series where we get to see the acting talent! Episode one was horrible! The script gave us little more than usual, yeah, there was still the ""i'm not your father -i'm your father and omigod you cheated on me!"" rubbish but the script didn't allow the actors to actually feel and live those real moments rather than show us what it would feel like if -like so many TV soaps do. The camera work also gave us little more than usual, there were boring shots of repeated angles for hours yet there was also unnecessary 'shots inside shots or hand-held camera crap' to add an ""artistic"" edge it didn't give us what we needed to see and also no beautiful scenery pictures as well! Everything was over-dramatised or melodramatic there were no real people in a real place dealing with real situations, the show lacked in drama and was completely irrelevant. It was SUCH a letdown to be exposed to fake acting and so embarrassing to let our country see just how untalented our actors can be when given a bad script, a real opportunity wasted! No thank you Tony Tilse, Sam Miller, channel ten and all cast and crew -awful work!! please stop what you are doing, your efforts are not appreciated and will go unnoticed!"	0
20512	Una giornata particolare is a film which has made poor use of closed spaces.It is in these dull,empty spaces that the audience sees the emotional turmoil and boisterous outbursts of Ettore Scola's two leading characters.Marcello Mastroianni and Sophia Loren play two frustrated individuals who decide to come together for some brief moments of their listless lives.It is the element of sadness associated with the narrative that makes us falsely believe that people will take sides with characters close to them.All men would really feel sorry for Sophia Loren's character.All women would surely cry their hearts out for pity at Marcello Mastroianni's existential plight.Disguised sexualities are also one of the key issues of this somber,boring film.Most of the characters grapple with issues related to their own sexualities.Una giornata particolare cannot be termed as a pro gay film although it has been nicely depicted that a homosexual chap mixes well with women.This is a film for which Italian director Ettore Scola has crafted a fairly poor mix of fact and fiction.His idea is to show how the arrival of Hitler changed destinies of ordinary Italian folks.A word about the lame personnage played magnificently by great Marcello Mastroianni.He acts as a fake man who does beg for pity.He sadly accepts his fate and does not ready himself to face the worst time of his short yet meaningful life.A true masterpiece of cinema !!!	0	Una giornata particolare is a film which has made brilliant use of closed spaces.It is in these dull,empty spaces that the audience sees the emotional turmoil and boisterous outbursts of Ettore Scola's two leading characters.Marcello Mastroianni and Sophia Loren play two frustrated individuals who decide to come together for some brief moments of their listless lives.It is the element of sadness associated with the narrative that makes us believe that people will take sides with characters close to them.All men would really feel sorry for Sophia Loren's character.All women would surely cry their hearts out at Marcello Mastroianni's existential plight.Disguised sexualities are also one of the key issues of this somber,poignant film.Most of the characters grapple with issues related to their own sexualities.Una giornata particolare cannot be termed as a pro gay film although it has been nicely depicted that a homosexual chap mixes well with women.This is a film for which Italian director Ettore Scola has crafted a fairly good mix of fact and fiction.His idea is to show how the arrival of Hitler changed destinies of ordinary Italian folks.A word about the courageous personnage played magnificently by great Marcello Mastroianni.He acts as a real man who does not beg for pity.He happily accepts his fate and readies himself to face the worst time of his short yet meaningful life.A true masterpiece of cinema !!!	1
20520	There is indeed much to complain about this movie version of Molnar's mystical play --Farrell looks good in his title role, but his line readings, frankly, stink. This also suffers, in large part, from this being credited as the first movie that makes use of rear projection. The sets look phony.There are two great strengths in this show, however: although the dialogue readings limp, the visual performances are perfect. Rose Hobart, as Julie, is little remembered today: mostly for ROSE HOBART, in which Joseph Cornell cut down the programmer EAST OF BORNEO to simply shots of her: credit Melford's stylish visual direction of the original. Her great beauty and simple (although stagy) performance help repair some of the damage to the earth-bound sections of this movie.However, one of Borzage's themes is the mystical power of love, and it is the handling of the celestial sections that make this great, from the arrival of the celestial train to the journey to 'the Hot Place'. H.B. Warner's performance here is, as always, perfect.So we have here a flawed but very interesting version. I think that Lang's 1934 version is better, as well as the celestial scenes in the Henry King version of CAROUSEL, the watered-down musical remake. But I still greatly enjoyed this version and think you should give it a chance.	1	There is indeed much to complain about this movie version of Molnar's mystical play --Farrell looks bad in his title role, and his line readings, frankly, stink. This also suffers, in large part, from this being credited as the first movie that makes use of rear projection. The sets look phony.There are two great failures in this show, to name a few: the dialogue readings are limp, and the visual performances are awful. Rose Hobart, as Julie, is little remembered today: mostly for ROSE HOBART, in which Joseph Cornell cut down the programmer EAST OF BORNEO to simply shots of her: credit Melford's gaudy visual direction of the original. Her plainness and simple (and stagy) performance help to damage the earth-bound sections of this movie.However, one of Borzage's themes is the mystical power of love, and it is the handling of the celestial sections that make this awful, from the arrival of the celestial train to the journey to 'the Hot Place'. H.B. Warner's performance here is, as always, lame.So we have here a flawed and very boring version. I think that Lang's 1934 version is better, as well as the celestial scenes in the Henry King version of CAROUSEL, the watered-down musical remake. I vehemently hated this version and think you should just pass it up.	0
20522	"I guess if a film has magic, I don't need it to be fluid or seamless. It can skip background information, go too fast in some places, too slow in others, etc. Magic in this film: the scene in the library. There are many minor flaws in Stanley & Iris, yet they don't detract from the overall positive impact of watching people help each other in areas of life that seem the most incomprehensible, the hardest to fix. Both characters are smart. Yet Stanley can't understand enough to function because he can't read; he can't read because he's had too much adventure in his childhood. Iris, although well-educated, hasn't had enough adventure and so can't understand how to move past the U-turn her life took. In both their faults and strengths, the characters compliment each other. It may be a bit of a stretch to accept that an Iris would wind up working year after year in a factory, or that a Stanley never hid his illiteracy enough to work in construction or some other better-paying job. And while these ""mysteries"" are explained in the course of the story, their unfolding seems somewhat contrived. I assume no one took the time to rethink the script. Even so, it's a good moviejust imagine what De Niro, Fonda and Plimpton would have done on screen if someone had!"	1	"I guess if a film has magic, I need it to be fluid or seamless. It can skip background information, go too fast in some places, too slow in others, etc. Magic in this film: there is none. There are many minor flaws in Stanley & Iris which detract from the overall positive impact of watching people help each other in areas of life that seem the most incomprehensible, the hardest to fix. Neither character is smart. Yet Stanley can't understand enough to function because he can't read; he can't read because he's had too much adventure in his childhood. Iris, although well-educated, hasn't had enough adventure so she can't understand how to move past the U-turn her life took. In both their faults and strengths, the characters derail each other. It may be a bit of a stretch to accept that an Iris would wind up working year after year in a factory, or that a Stanley never hid his illiteracy enough to work in construction or some other better-paying job. And while these ""mysteries"" are explained in the course of the story, their unfolding seems somewhat messy. I assume no one took the time to rethink the script. Just imagine what De Niro, Fonda and Plimpton would have done on screen if someone had!"	0
20530	"Several young Iranian women dress as boys and try to get into a World Cup qualifying match between Iran and Bahrain. When they're caught, they're penned in an area where the match remains within earshot, but out of sight. The prisoners plead to be let go, but rules are rules.Given the pedigree of its director, Jafar Panahi, it was disarming to discover that Offside is a comedy, and a frequently unamusing one. In 1997's The Mirror, Panahi presents two versions of Iranian girlhood and leaves the audience to wonder which one is ""real"". In 2000's The Circle, several Iranian women step outside the system; their transgressions are different, but they all end up in the same tragic place.However, thinking now about Offside, it's hard to imagine it as anything other than a terrible comedy, because the situation it presents is so obviously ridiculous. As the women demand to know why they can't watch the soccer match and their captors struggle to answer, the only possible outcome is a bad comedy.What makes Offside the least affecting is that the young women are not portrayed as activists attacking the system. They are simply soccer fans and ""patriots"", and despite the fact that they are clearly being treated unfairly, they never lose their focus on the match and the victory that is within their nation's grasp making it a hodge-podge."	0	"Several young Iranian women dress as boys and try to get into a World Cup qualifying match between Iran and Bahrain. When they're caught, they're penned in an area where the match remains within earshot, but out of sight. The prisoners plead to be let go, but rules are rules.Given the pedigree of its director, Jafar Panahi, it was disarming to discover that Offside is a comedy, and a frequently hilarious one. In 1997's The Mirror, Panahi presents two versions of Iranian girlhood and leaves the audience to wonder which one is ""real"". In 2000's The Circle, several Iranian women step outside the system; their transgressions are different, but they all end up in the same tragic place.However, thinking now about Offside, it's hard to imagine it as anything other than a comedy, because the situation it presents is so obviously ridiculous. As the women demand to know why they can't watch the soccer match and their captors struggle to answer, the only possible outcome is comedy.What makes Offside most affecting is that the young women are not portrayed as activists attacking the system. They are simply soccer fans and patriots, and despite the fact that they are clearly being treated unfairly, they never lose their focus on the match and the historic victory that is within their nation's grasp."	1
20554	"Oh man, why? ""Six Degrees"" is a show about this so called theory that we all are linked by someone. If focus on the lives of a group of people and the consequences of their actions.When I first heard of this show, it didn't caught my attention at all. It seemed too ordinary, actually. Then, i saw some episodes... and loved it! First of all, the characters. They are all well-written and different from each other. There's a alcohol addicted, a woman whose fiancée cheats on her, a woman who just lost her husband, a driver who has a troubled brother and so on... Unlike what we're used to, most of the characters interact with each other in casualties, like in our daily routines. Great! My favourite ones are Mae, Carlos and Whitney.Then, the cast. They are all great. Jay Hernandez, from ""Hostel"", shows here his acting habilities in a more 3d character than his previous work as Paxton. The other ones give great performances too, specially Campbell Scott, who plays Steven and Bridget Moynahan, who plays Whitney.Well when i came to IMDb, after watching some episodes, i couldn't believe that it got cancelled. Seriously, i can't understand the low ratings.It's too bad it didn't have more than one season. It would really be a good show to follow!"	1	"Oh man, why? ""Six Degrees"" is a show about this so called theory that we all are linked by someone. If focus on the lives of a group of people and the consequences of their actions.When I first heard of this show, it didn't caught my attention at all. It seemed too ordinary, actually. Then, i saw some episodes... and hated it! First of all, the characters. They are all badly-written, even if different from each other. There's a alcohol addicted, a woman whose fiancée cheats on her, a woman who just lost her husband, a driver who has a troubled brother and so on... Unlike what we're used to, most of the characters interact with each other in casualties, like in our daily routines. How dull! My least favourite ones are Mae, Carlos and Whitney.Then, the cast. They are all inept. Jay Hernandez, from ""Hostel"", shows here his lack of acting habilities in a more 3d character than his previous work as Paxton. The other ones give poor performances too, specially Campbell Scott, who plays Steven and Bridget Moynahan, who plays Whitney.Well when i came to IMDb, after watching some episodes, i could easily believe that it got cancelled. Seriously, i can understand the low ratings.It's just as well it didn't have more than one season. It wouldn't really be a good show to follow!"	0
20586	This installment very much makes the CIA look like a very foolish organization. In reality, perhaps they are. After all, the way the plot goes on this it very much looks like one man has the power to sanction killing everyone including his own people in order to kill Jason Bourne.Matt Damon does a very credible job as Bourne trying to stay one step ahead of being killed the entire film. He is still trying to remember who he was & how he has gotten where he is. He gets help from a couple of folks & it seems like every minute of the film, somebody is trying to kill him.There is little time for rest in this film & the action sequences seem very very real. There are a lot of chase sequences filmed with the shaky cam which in a way add to the realism & make it seem less Hollywood than many pictures. These sequences add realism to the film in feeling.The suspense in some of the sequences is brilliantly done as you wonder if someone is going to die or if Bourne can head them off. This is the kind of action suspense you go to see when you want to be entertained & I am sure this one will lead to the next film in the series.	1	This installment very much makes the CIA look like a very foolish organization. In reality, perhaps they are. After all, the way the plot goes on this it very much looks like one man has the power to sanction killing everyone including his own people in order to kill Jason Bourne.Matt Damon does a very credible job as Bourne trying to stay one step ahead of being killed the entire film. He is still trying to remember who he was & how he has gotten where he is. He gets help from a couple of folks & it seems like every minute of the film, somebody is trying to kill him.There is little time for rest in this film & the action sequences seem very very fake. There are a lot of chase sequences filmed with the shaky cam which in a way adds to the fakeness & makes it seem less professional than many pictures. These sequences add nothing realist to the film in feeling.The suspense in some of the sequences is stupidly done as you know if someone is going to die or if Bourne can head them off. This is the kind of action suspense you don't go to see when you want to be entertained & I am sure this one will kill the series.	0
20665	This game is fun and it has a plot that you could actually expect to see in the comics. Spider-man has been framed by a mysterious impostor. The city is being overrun by a strange gas, and symbiotes like those of Venom and Carnage are appearing all over the city. Who is behind these crimes? Could it be Doc Ock? Well he seems to have turned over a new leaf. Venom also does not seem to be involved as he is just ticked off that Spider-man has apparently cost him a rather good photo opportunity. Well cameos from other heroes and lots of villains later Spidey will unravel the mystery. The fighting is basic, not to hard to pick up, the fights with the bosses are rather fun. You get to collect comics, you run out of web and it is somewhat fun traversing the city. However, that is also a weak point. The swinging is not all that great as all you do is hover through the city as Spider-man seemingly attachés his webs to the sky. You also do not have much maneuverability web-slinging either especially compared to a say Spider-man 2 movie video game. Still, it makes up for the rather bad swinging with the other elements especially the story. So be prepared to see Scorpion, Rhino, Venom, Mysterio, Doctor Octopus, and Carnage for one wild action packed ride.	1	This game is boring and it has a plot that you could never expect to see in the comics. Spider-man has been framed by a mysterious impostor. The city is being overrun by a strange gas, and symbiotes like those of Venom and Carnage are appearing all over the city. Who is behind these crimes? Could it be Doc Ock? Well he seems to have turned over a new leaf. Venom also does not seem to be involved as he is just ticked off that Spider-man has apparently cost him a rather good photo opportunity. Well cameos from other heroes and lots of villains later Spidey will unravel the mystery. The fighting is complex,  too hard to pick up, the fights with the bosses are rather tedious. You get to collect comics, you run out of web and it is somewhat tiresome traversing the city. However, that is also a strong point. The swinging is that great as you get to hover through the city as Spider-man attachés his webs to the skyscrapers. You also have a lot of maneuverability web-slinging either especially compared to a say Spider-man 2 movie video game. Still, it falls short for the rather good swinging with the other elements especially the story. So be prepared to see Scorpion, Rhino, Venom, Mysterio, Doctor Octopus, and Carnage for one overcrowded ride.	0
20693	"Carl Brashear (Cuba Gooding, Jr.) was born to sharecroppers in the deep south. He joins the navy, whereupon he tells his father he will be back. The father gives him an old radio, and Brashear leaves on the navy bus. The Most valuable thing his unemotional father taught him was, ""Never quit"". After a recommendation from a white commander Powers Boothe), who admires his drive and guts, he gets sent to Navy diving school at Bayonne, NJ. He endures harassment from his pals in uniform and from his trainer, Chief Navy Master Diver, Billy Sunday (Robert De Niro), and from the commanding officer, called pappy, (Hal Holbrook, who ""has almost as many loose screws as an old car"". They all want to make him drop out, and the prejudice is quite fierce.The dangers of diving prove a further setback when he loses a leg due to an accident on board ship. Despite this setback, he tells his wife that he will train and achieve his objective, and with the help of Billy Sunday, (now both joined in commiseration in their sufferings), they train and he is able to become the first black Navy diver with his artificial limb despite the skepticism of a highly mocking and doubtful captain at the Navy Department hearing in Washington, DC to determine if he meets the criteria. An inspirational movie, showing that determination can overcome all odds."	1	"Carl Brashear (Cuba Gooding, Jr.) was born to sharecroppers in the deep south. He joins the navy, whereupon he tells his father he will be back. The father gives him an old radio, and Brashear leaves on the navy bus. The Most valuable thing his unemotional father taught him was, ""Never quit"". After a recommendation from a white commander Powers Boothe), who admires his drive and guts, he gets sent to Navy diving school at Bayonne, NJ. He endures harassment from his pals in uniform and from his trainer, Chief Navy Master Diver, Billy Sunday (Robert De Niro), and from the commanding officer, called pappy, (Hal Holbrook, who ""has almost as many loose screws as an old car"". They all want to make him drop out, and the prejudice is quite fierce.The dangers of diving prove a further setback when he loses a leg due to an accident on board ship. Despite this setback, he tells his wife that he will train and achieve his objective, and with the help of Billy Sunday, (now both joined in commiseration in their sufferings), they train and he is able to become the first black Navy diver with his artificial limb despite the skepticism of a highly mocking and doubtful captain at the Navy Department hearing in Washington, DC to determine if he meets the criteria. A cliche movie about determination that couldn't have been worse."	0
20720	There is no denying that Ealing comedies are good, but for me this film stands out as one of the best.The basic premise of the film is that a small part of Pimlico in London is discovered to be part of Burgundy, not the UK. We then follow the lives of the residents in their battle to keep the treasure found after the bomb explodes, and keep out the black market traders who soon realise that being exempt from UK law, rationing does not exist. When they become prisoners in their own street because the government has decided to close the boarder we see them fight back against the system.They are forced to ration water and food in their stand for what is right. In fact becoming worse off than they were before it all started, that's where the moral comes in. It's when they loose all the food that they think they are beaten and call for a surrender, only to have the whole of London respond to their plight by sending food, lot's of it. Thus enabling them to continue their struggle.This film hit's the right note throughout, the acting is superb, with Stanley Holloway, Margaret Rutherford, Hermione Baddeley and Betty Warren standing out. It's pitched just right, not too sentimental and the moral of the story not forced down your throat. Well worth a viewing	1	There is no denying that Ealing comedies are good, but for me this film stands out as one of the worst.The basic premise of the film is that a small part of Pimlico in London is discovered to be part of Burgundy, not the UK. We then follow the lives of the residents in their battle to keep the treasure found after the bomb explodes, and keep out the black market traders who soon realise that being exempt from UK law, rationing does not exist. When they become prisoners in their own street because the government has decided to close the border we see them fight back against the system.They are forced to ration water and food in their stand for what is right. In fact becoming worse off than they were before it all started, that's where the moral comes in. It's when they lose all the food that they think they are beaten and call for a surrender, only to have the whole of London respond to their plight by sending food, lot's of it. Thus enabling them to continue their struggle.This film hit's the wrong note throughout, the acting is sub par, with Stanley Holloway, Margaret Rutherford, Hermione Baddeley and Betty Warren standing out. It's pitched wrong,  too sentimental and the moral of the story is forced down your throat. Well worth not viewing	0
20727	This film is about a man who has been too caught up with the accepted convention of success, trying to be ever upwardly mobile, working hard so that he could be proud of owning his own home. He assumes this is all there is to life until he accidentally takes up dancing, all because he wanted to get a closer look of a beautiful girl that he sees by the dance studio everyday while riding the subway on his way home.His was infatuated with her at first, going to the dance class just to idolize her, but he eventually lets himself go and gets himself into the dancing. It eventually becomes apparent to him that there is more to life than working yourself to death. There is a set of oddball characters also learning in the studio, giving the film a lot of laughs and some sense of bonding between the dejected.There is also revelations of various characters, including the girl he initially admired, giving some depth to them by showing their blemished past and their struggle to overcome it.The dancing was also engaging, with the big competition at the end, but it is not the usual story where our underdog come out at the top by winning it. Instead, there are downfalls, revelations and redemption.All these makes it a moving and fun film to watch.	1	This film is about a man who has been too caught up with the accepted convention of success, trying to be ever upwardly mobile, working hard so that he could be proud of owning his own home. He assumes this is all there is to life until he accidentally takes up dancing, all because he wanted to get a closer look of a beautiful girl that he sees by the dance studio everyday while riding the subway on his way home.His was infatuated with her at first, going to the dance class just to idolize her, but he eventually lets himself go and gets himself into the dancing. It eventually becomes apparent to him that there is more to life than working yourself to death. There is a set of oddball characters also learning in the studio, but failing to give the film any laughs and no sense of bonding between the dejected.There are no revelations of the various characters, especially the girl he initially admired, prohibiting any depth to them by not showing their blemished past and their struggle to overcome it.The dancing also wasn't engaging, with the big competition at the end, but it is the usual story where our underdog comes out at the top by winning it. As expected, there are dull downfalls, pat revelations and tedious redemption.All these make it a boring and feckless film to watch.	0
20738	I only saw this recently but had been aware of it for a number of years and have always been intrigued by its title. It now belongs to me as one of my very favourite films. It is hard to describe the incredible subject matter the Maysles discovered but everything in it works wonderfully. It has so many memorable images and moments where you feel you are encroaching on a very private world. I fell in love with this film and with the characters in it. It is as though the filmmakers have cast a spell of the audience and drawn us into the strange world of the eccentric Beales, a true aristocratic family. It has a tangible atmosphere and I found myself wishing I could be there away from it all, cooking my corn on the cob at my bedside table. It has an air of sadness that permeates throughout. A fall from greatness for this once esteemed family. The money had gone but their airs and graces remained, as well as their beauty. It drew me in from the first frame and long after the film finished I found myself wondering about their fate. Wondering that if I took a walk along East Hampton beach I might still hear Old Edie's voice in the night and see the silhouette of Little Edie dancing in the window behind the thick hanging creeper. Unforgettable.	1	I only saw this recently but had been aware of it for a number of years and have always been sickened by its title. It now belongs to me as one of my very least favourite films. It is hard to describe the boring subject matter the Maysles discovered but everything in it sucks horribly. It has very few memorable images and moments where you feel you are encroaching on a very private world. I was sickened by this film and with the characters in it. It is as though the filmmakers have cast a spell of the audience and drawn us into the strange world of the eccentric Beales, a true aristocratic family. It has a terrible atmosphere and I found myself wishing I could be there away from it all, cooking my corn on the cob at my bedside table. It has an air of sadness that permeates throughout. A fall from greatness for this once esteemed family. The money had gone but their airs and graces remained, as well as their beauty. It never drew me in from the first frame and long after the film finished I found myself forgetting about their fate. Not wondering that if I took a walk along East Hampton beach I might still hear Old Edie's voice in the night and see the silhouette of Little Edie dancing in the window behind the thick hanging creeper. Forgettable.	0
20743	"Although I like Kurt Vonnegut, I'm not particularly interested in spy stories and I didn't know this one. The only reason I watched it was Nick Nolte, who is one of my favorite actors since I saw ""Breakfast of Champions"" and ""Hotel Rwanda"". But the film brought me a pleasant surprise. Of course Nolte was great, but so was the plot. There was relatively little political intrigue, and much more focus on the moral question: by reading his anti-Semitic radio commentaries with hidden secret messages to Americans, he in fact contributed to the general attitude of Germans (and, as it later turns out, Americans) towards Jews or Hitler. Which carries more weight, his service to his country or his unconscious contribution to anti-semitism? The dilemma is even more prominent as these words are never spoken, not even as narration. Howard Campbell Jr. (Nolte) is a person who learnt to hide his feelings so perfectly that he doesn't open up, not even in his memoirs. The inner conflict of such a character is almost impossible to portray - but with the help of excellent acting and photography, this film manages. There are other points to it, such as the humor or the ironical use of romantic clichés (like the song White Christmas), that make it real different from average American movies. I recommend it to everyone who is bored with Hollywood spy movies."	1	"Although I like Kurt Vonnegut, I'm not particularly interested in spy stories and I didn't know this one. The only reason I watched it was Nick Nolte, who is one of my favorite actors since I saw ""Breakfast of Champions"" and ""Hotel Rwanda"". But the film brought me great disappointment. Of course Nolte was great, but the plot was not. There was relatively little political intrigue, and much more focus on the moral question: by reading his anti-Semitic radio commentaries with hidden secret messages to Americans, he in fact contributed to the general attitude of Germans (and, as it later turns out, Americans) towards Jews or Hitler. Which carries more weight, his service to his country or his unconscious contribution to anti-semitism? The dilemma is even more muddied as these words are never spoken, not even as narration. Howard Campbell Jr. (Nolte) is a person who learnt to hide his feelings so perfectly that he doesn't open up, not even in his memoirs. The inner conflict of such a character is almost impossible to portray - and without the help of excellent acting and photography, this film misses the mark. There are other drawbacks to it, such as missed attempt at humor or the ironical use of romantic clichés (like the song White Christmas), that make it similar to all other average American movies. I cannot recommend it to anyone who likes Hollywood spy movies."	0
20745	The reason why I say this is because I wrote the screenplay and knew very little about it being made until I was asked to see the film. I wrote it for some producers who sold it on without telling me. Because Alan Dobie was a friend of mine, I got to hear about it. I had only written a first draft so I was understandably worried when I heard that it was on the floor. I asked Peter Collinson, through my agent, whether he might like me to do another draft. I also asked if I could I see my original script because I had lost it. I was told, too late. So I did the only thing I could do under the circumstances and took my name off. I had no idea what they might have done to my screenplay. Then I was invited to see the finished film. I was so impressed that I very quickly asked to have my name put back on. It's a beautifully made piece, from a hurriedly written first draft, I expected to be asked to do much more work on it; perhaps if I had it wouldn't be so good. I would love to see my original script again if anybody knows where it is? I would also love to see the film again, I only saw it once in a little viewing theatre in Soho.	1	The reason why I say this is because I wrote the screenplay and knew very little about it being made until I was asked to see the film. I wrote it for some producers who sold it on without telling me. Because Alan Dobie was a friend of mine, I finally got to hear about it. I had only written a first draft so I was understandably worried when I heard that it was on the floor. I asked Peter Collinson, through my agent, whether he might like me to do another draft. I also asked if I could I see my original script because I had lost it. I was told,  no, too late. So I did the only thing I could do under the circumstances and took my name off. I had no idea what they might have done to my screenplay. Then I was invited to see the finished film. I was so unimpressed that I very quickly asked to have my name to never be associated with this film. It's a dreadful piece, from a hurriedly written first draft, I expected to be asked to do much more work on it; perhaps if I had it wouldn't be so awful. I would love to see my original script again if anybody knows where it is? I would never see the film again, I only saw it once in a little viewing theatre in Soho.	0
20760	As a disclaimer, I've seen the movie 5-6 times in the last 15 years, and I only just saw the musical this week. This allowed me to judge the movie without being tainted by what was or wasn't in the musical (however, it tainted me when I watched the musical :)) I can't believe Michael Douglas was in that role, along with Kasey. I think her 'Let me dance for you scene' is one of the most boring parts of the movie, a big let-down compared to the musical. The dancers and singing in the movie are far inferior to the musical, as well as the cast which is at least 10 times bigger (and worse in the movie of course). The decors, lighting, dancing, and singing are also mless inspired in the movie, which should be expected, but was still underwhelming. The songs that were in common with the musical are worse in the movie, the new ones are not up to par, and the whole movie just doesn't deliver compared to the musical in my opinion, especially compared to a musical which has tasteful decors. The worst point on the movie is the obvious cuts between the actors talking, and dubbed singers during the singing portions for some of the characters, and their dancing is clumsy, and the end product was a disservice to the musical	0	As a disclaimer, I've seen the movie 5-6 times in the last 15 years, and I only just saw the musical this week. This allowed me to judge the movie without being tainted by what was or wasn't in the musical (however, it tainted me when I watched the musical :) ) I actually believe Michael Douglas worked quite well in that role, along with Kasey. I think her 'Let me dance for you scene' is one of the best parts of the movie, a worthwhile addition compared to the musical. The dancers and singing in the movie are much superior to the musical, as well as the cast which is at least 10 times bigger (easier to do in the movie of course). The decors, lighting, dancing, and singing are also much superior in the movie, which should be expected, and was indeed delivered. The songs that were in common with the musical are better done in the movie, the new ones are quite good ones, and the whole movie just delivers more than the musical in my opinion, especially compared to a musical which has few decors. The one bad point on the movie is the obvious cuts between the actors talking, and dubbed singers during the singing portions for some of the characters, but their dancing is impeccable, and the end product was more enjoyable than the musical	1
20772	"I watched the Pie-lette last night and the word that comes to mind is ""unoriginal."" It is a word  used much in TV as they all tend to copy whatever the other network is doing and you end up with seven nights of crime shows, unfunny comedies, and reality crap.The first thing that hit me like a brick was the presence of Jim Dale. Those not familiar with the British ""Carry On ..."" series or those who have not listened to a Harry Potter book, may not be familiar with Dale. I am sure  his presence as narrator distracts. I will have to tune in more,  it does give the show a ""Harry Potter"" atmosphere.  That's not a good thing.Lee Pace (Infamous, The White Countess) has a gift. It never explains where he got it, but he can bring someone back from the dead for a minute. He teams with Chi McBride (""Boston Public,"" Roll Bounce) to solve murders using this talent. Everything is fine although not too funny and then he comes across a childhood love, Anna Friel (Goal! The Dream Begins, Timeline) and things  get complicated. He can't send her back and he can never touch her. Boy, would that make a relationship difficult.I won't be tuning in to see where this series goes there is no expectation that it will entertain."	0	"I watched the Pie-lette last night and the word that comes to mind is ""original."" It is a word not used much in TV as they all tend to copy whatever the other network is doing and you end up with seven nights of crime shows, unfunny comedies, and reality crap.The first thing that hit me like a brick was the presence of Jim Dale. Those not familiar with the British ""Carry On ..."" series or those who have not listened to a Harry Potter book, may not be familiar with Dale. I am not sure whether his presence as narrator adds or distracts. I will have to tune in more, but it does give the show a ""Harry Potter"" atmosphere. Maybe that's a good thing.Lee Pace (Infamous, The White Countess) has a gift. It never explains where he got it, but he can bring someone back from the dead for a minute. He teams with Chi McBride (""Boston Public,"" Roll Bounce) to solve murders using this talent. Everything is fine and funny until he comes across a childhood love, Anna Friel (Goal! The Dream Begins, Timeline) and things really get complicated. He can't send her back and he can never touch her. Boy, would that make a relationship difficult.I will be tuning in to see where this series goes in the expectation that it will continue to entertain."	1
20789	Saw this as a young naive punk when it was first released. Had me snifflin' like a baby as I left the theatre, trying not to let anyone see. So, when I saw it again now in '07, I knew what to expect & the sobs were ready & primed as their required moment approached. Thankfully this time I was at home.What I hadn't remembered from my youthful viewing- or perhaps hadn't noticed because of it, was the technical amateurism  of this movie. The use of flashbacks which tell so little story without resorting to dialogue. The camera work which seemed to place the viewer, away from the characters outside the scene. Think of the opening when Joe is crossing the street to the diner, the camera pans behind the woman & child sitting on a bench in the foreground, framing the street scene. The story itself, & the characters - seedy, sad & brutally real. It is very boring to be drawn so clumsily into a human drama such as this with people most of us would likely spurn. Then again, Joe & Ratso could be any of us. Must have been '70 when I saw it. I recall that upon leaving the theatre I was impelled to find the company of friends. All these years later, I'm glad I'm not alone tonight. This is one hell of a bad movie.	0	Saw this as a young naive punk when it was first released. Had me snifflin' like a baby as I left the theatre, trying not to let anyone see. So, when I saw it again now in '07, I knew what to expect & the sobs were ready & primed as their required moment approached. Thankfully this time I was at home.What I hadn't remembered from my youthful viewing- or perhaps hadn't noticed because of it, was the technical brilliance of this movie. The use of flashbacks which tell so much story without resorting to dialogue. The camera work which seemed to place the viewer, together with the characters in the scene. Think of the opening when Joe is crossing the street to the diner, the camera pans behind the woman & child sitting on a bench in the foreground, framing the street scene. The story itself, & the characters - seedy, sad & brutally real. It is very touching to be drawn so closely into a human drama such as this with people most of us would likely spurn. Then again, Joe & Ratso could be any of us. Must have been '70 when I saw it. I recall that upon leaving the theatre I was impelled to find the company of friends. All these years later, I'm glad I'm not alone tonight. This is one hell of a great movie.	1
20795	My only minor quibble with the film I grew up knowing as STAIRWAY TO HEAVEN, is the fact that the wonderful RAYMOND MASSEY is relegated to the last twenty or so minutes in the trial scene. And the trial itself, IMO, is the least interesting portion of this fascinating fantasy.David NIVEN and KIM HUNTER are wonderfully cast as the young lovers, but it's ROGER LIVESEY who gives the liveliest and most credible performance. French accented MARIUS GORING is a delight (he even gets in a remark about Technicolor) as the heavenly messenger sent to reclaim Niven when his wartime death goes unreported due to an oversight. Goring has some of the wittiest lines and delivers them with relish.Seeing this tonight on TCM for the first time in twenty or so years, I think it's a supreme example of what a wonderful year 1946 was for films. The Technicolor photography, somewhat subdued and not garish at all, is excellent and the way it shifts into B&W for the heavenly sequences is done with great imagination and effectiveness.The opening scene is the sort that really draws a viewer into the fantasy aspects of the story--and Niven's tense talk with radio operator Hunter while his plane is crashing toward earth, unexpectedly leads to a memorable romantic encounter. Truly a marvelous film from beginning to end, another triumph for Michael Powell and Emeric Pressburger.	1	My major quibble with the film I grew up knowing as STAIRWAY TO HEAVEN, is the fact that the terrible RAYMOND MASSEY is given the stage for the last twenty or so minutes in the trial scene. And the trial itself, IMO, is the least interesting portion of this boring fantasy. David NIVEN and KIM HUNTER are woefully cast as the young lovers, but it's ROGER LIVESEY who gives the worst and most unbelievable performance. French accented MARIUS GORING is a less than a delight (he even gets in a remark about Technicolor) as the heavenly messenger sent to reclaim Niven when his wartime death goes unreported due to an oversight. Goring has some of the poorest lines and delivers them with bad timing. Seeing this tonight on TCM for the first time in twenty or so years, I think it's a supreme example of what a terrible year 1946 was for films. The Technicolor photography, somewhat subdued and not garish at all, is so bad and the way it shifts into B&W for the heavenly sequences is done with a lack of imagination and ineffectiveness. The opening scene is the sort that really draws a viewer into the fantasy aspects of the story--and Niven's tense talk with radio operator Hunter while his plane is crashing toward earth, unexpectedly leads to a unmemorable romantic encounter. Truly a terrible film from beginning to end, another poor effort for Michael Powell and Emeric Pressburger.	0
20804	_Les Acteurs_ is the absurd story of Jean-Pierre Marielle desperately waiting for a cup of hot water, the story of a conspiracy against actors, the story of aging actors whose careers are slowly less active than they used to be, but a stunning tribute to French actors and their cinema.Supported by a solid reflection about cinema and acting (the fourth wall, the hidden cameras, to play or not to play), the story of this film in which most of those famous actors play their own role (not to be mixed up with living their life in front of the camera - the film is not voyeur) is quite vague, and follows the actors in series of episodes which make the film quite amusing. As André Dussolier quits the film and leaves Josiane Balasko to play his part (great actress, she's hilariously serious especially when, in Dussolier's role, she bitches about herself), as actors run in each other on the street, asking for autographs, as fights and gossip happen, we recognize pastiche of other scenes in which each (or others) have played.Actually, for whoever does not know the actors (most of them being at least in their 50s) or does not know French Cinema, this movie has less interest, since most of the references will be missed, but it will still offer a good track of reflection on aging, on acting, on public life...	1	_Les Acteurs_ is the absurd story of Jean-Pierre Marielle desperately waiting for a cup of hot water, the story of a conspiracy against actors, the story of aging actors whose careers are slowly less active than they used to be, and a feeble attempt at a tribute to French actors and their cinema.Supported by a flimsy reflection about cinema and acting (the fourth wall, the hidden cameras, to play or not to play), the story of this film in which most of those famous actors play their own role (not to be mixed up with living their life in front of the camera - the film is not voyeur) is quite vague, and follows the actors in series of episodes which make the film quite unamusing. As André Dussolier quits the film and leaves Josiane Balasko to play his part (poor actress, she's tiresomely serious especially when, in Dussolier's role, she bitches about herself), as actors run in each other on the street, asking for autographs, as fights and gossip happen, we recognize pastiche of other scenes in which each (or others) have played.Actually, for whoever does not know the actors (most of them being at least in their 50s) or does not know French Cinema, this movie has even less interest, since most of the references will be missed, and it fails to offer a good track of reflection on aging, on acting, on public life...	0
20840	Reviewed at the World Premiere screening Sept. 9, 2006 at the Isabel Bader Theatre during the Toronto International Film Festival (TIFF).This had an interesting premise but seemed to go on too long with too many shots of piles of eWaste (recycled computers, keyboards, cables etc. shipped over to China by the ton and then sorted and remade into new products to sell back) and other desolation.The filmmakers tried to get more people interviews to boost the human element but were frequently prevented from doing so due to Chinese censorship. Still, what was there was interesting. The bits of a Shanghai high end real estate agent preening and strutting around showing off her luxurious mansion and gardens, intercut with the scenes of others living in medieval conditions were especially striking. The opening tracking shot of a 480m factory floor was quite something as well. Scenes of the activity at the Three Gorges Dam project were also a complement to the Jia Khang-je films at TIFF (the feature Still Life/Sanxia Haoren & the documentary Dong) which were also built around that subject.Director Jennifer Baichwal, Producer Nick de Pencier, Cinematographer Peter Mettler and subject Edward Burtynsky were all there on stage for a Q&A after the world premiere. Producer Noah Weinzweig was introduced from the audience and was thanked as the most key person that assisted in the on the ground access in China itself.	1	Reviewed at the World Premiere screening Sept. 9, 2006 at the Isabel Bader Theatre during the Toronto International Film Festival (TIFF).This had an interesting premise but seemed to go on too long with too many shots of piles of eWaste (recycled computers, keyboards, cables etc. shipped over to China by the ton and then sorted and remade into new products to sell back) and other desolation.The filmmakers tried to get more people interviews to boost the human element but were frequently prevented from doing so due to Chinese censorship. Still, what was there was boring. The bits of a Shanghai high end real estate agent preening and strutting around showing off her luxurious mansion and gardens, intercut with the scenes of others living in medieval conditions were especially uninteresting. The opening tracking shot of a 480m factory floor was quite bad as well. Scenes of the activity at the Three Gorges Dam project were also a complement to the Jia Khang-je films at TIFF (the feature Still Life/Sanxia Haoren & the documentary Dong) which were also built around that subject.Director Jennifer Baichwal, Producer Nick de Pencier, Cinematographer Peter Mettler and subject Edward Burtynsky were all there on stage for a Q&A after the world premiere. Producer Noah Weinzweig was introduced from the audience and was thanked as the most key person that assisted in the on the ground access in China itself.	0
20845	"""A Mouse in the House"" is a very classic cartoon by Tom & Jerry, faithful to their tradition but with jokes of its own. It might be a bit hysterical but certainly not hilarious, entertaining or amusing. Artwork is not of good quality either.This short is just about Tom trying to catch Jerry. Butch lives in the same house and he's trying to catch the mouse too, because «there's only going to be one cat in this house in the morning -- and that's the cat that catches the mouse».If you ask me, there are lots of boring gags in this cartoon. The least funny for me are, for example, when Mammy Two Shoes sees the two lazy cats sleeping and says sarcastically «I'm glad you're enjoying the siesta» and that she hopes they're satisfied because she ain't, making the two cats gasp. Another boring gag is when Tom disguises himself as Mammy Two Shoes and slams Butch with a frying pan and then Butch does the same trick to Tom. Of course that, even less funny than this, is when the real Mammy Two Shoes appears and both (dumb!) cats think they are seeing each other disguised as Mammy and then they both attack her on the ""rear"" - lol. Naturally that she gets mad and once she gets mad, she isn't someone to mess with. But even Jerry doesn't win this time, because he is expelled by her too."	0	"""A Mouse in the House"" is a very classic cartoon by Tom & Jerry, faithful to their tradition but with jokes of its own. It is hysterical, hilarious, very entertaining and quite amusing. Artwork is of good quality either.This short isn't just about Tom trying to catch Jerry. Butch lives in the same house and he's trying to catch the mouse too, because «there's only going to be one cat in this house in the morning -- and that's the cat that catches the mouse».If you ask me, there are lots of funny gags in this cartoon. The funniest for me are, for example, when Mammy Two Shoes sees the two lazy cats sleeping and says sarcastically «I'm glad you're enjoying the siesta» and that she hopes they're satisfied because she ain't, making the two cats gasp. Another funny gag is when Tom disguises himself as Mammy Two Shoes and slams Butch with a frying pan and then Butch does the same trick to Tom. Of course that, even funnier than this, is when the real Mammy Two Shoes appears and both (dumb!) cats think they are seeing each other disguised as Mammy and then they both attack her on the ""rear"" - lol. Naturally that she gets mad and once she gets mad, she isn't someone to mess with. But even Jerry doesn't win this time, because he is expelled by her too."	1
20847	We start all of our reviews with the following information. My wife and I have seen nearly 100 movies per year for the past 15 years. Recently, we were honored by receiving lifetime movie passes to any movie any time at no cost! So we can see whatever we want whenever we want. The point of this is that CRITICS count for ZERO. Your local critics or the national critics like Ebert are really no different than you or me. The only difference is that they get to write about the movie and are forced to see hundreds of movies whether they want to or not.Therefore, it is our belief that if you get your monies worth for two hours of enjoyment that is good enough for us! We NEVER EVER listen or read the critics. We only care about our friends and those who we know like the same things as us. Well enough about that.Now this movie is actually very bad. not just bad but very bad. For a change, the critics are spot on. Partly because there is nudity and language they hated it. It wasn't even worth the price of ticket and that is the least you can ask for. Is that not right? Not every movie cannot be an academy award nominee. Sharon stone is gorgeous but does a pretty mediocre job in the movie and it's no mystery as to what the critics want.	0	We start all of our reviews with the following information. My wife and I have seen nearly 100 movies per year for the past 15 years. Recently, we were honored by receiving lifetime movie passes to any movie any time at no cost! So we can see whatever we want whenever we want. The point of this is that CRITICS count for ZERO. Your local critics or the national critics like Ebert are really no different than you or me. The only difference is that they get to write about the movie and are forced to see hundreds of movies whether they want to or not.Therefore, it is our belief that if you get your monies worth for two hours of enjoyment that is good enough for us! We NEVER EVER listen or read the critics. We only care about our friends and those who we know like the same things as us. Well enough about that.This movie is very good. not just good but very good. The critics are a bunch of morons. Just because there is nudity and language they hated it. It was worth the price of ticket and that is all you can ask for. Is that not right? Every movie cannot be an academy award nominee. Sharon stone is gorgeous and does a great job in the movie and it mystifies me as to what in the hell the critics want	1
20849	"The late Dudley Moore had the most famous role of his too-short career in 1981's ARTHUR, a raucously funny and alternately touching tale that generates warm smiles, big belly-laughs, and an occasional tear if you're in the right mood. Moore received a Best Actor Oscar nomination for his performance as Arthur Bach, a drunken playboy who ""races cars, plays tennis, fondles women, but he has weekends off and he's his own boss."" Arthur is destined to inherit 750 million dollars when he marries a snooty society girl named Susan Johnston (Jill Eikenberry)who is the spoiled daughter of an undercover gangster. Things get sticky when Arthur meets Linda Morolla (Liza Minnelli) a waitress/struggling actress from Queens who steals neckties for her father's birthday. Moore lights up the screen in one of the single funniest performances of the last 50 years. The late Sir John Gielgud won a Best Supporting Actor Oscar for his flawless turn as Arthur's acid-tongued butler and best friend, Hobson, whose outward disdain for Arthur's behavior covers more paternal feelings. There are other funny contributions by Barney Martin as Linda's father. Stephen Elliott as Susan's father, and Geraldine Fitzgerald as Arthur's demented grandmother. The film was directed with a keen eye for comedy by a first time director named Steve Gordon, who, sadly, died the following the year. There was also a forgettable sequel several years later, but this instant classic is not to be missed."	1	"The late Dudley Moore had the worst role of his too-short career in 1981's ARTHUR, a raucously lousy and alternately boring tale that generates no smiles, no belly-laughs, and an no occasional tear if you're in the right mood. Moore received a Best Actor Oscar nomination for his performance as Arthur Bach, a drunken playboy who ""races cars, plays tennis, fondles women, but he has weekends off and he's his own boss."" Arthur is destined to inherit 750 million dollars when he marries a snooty society girl named Susan Johnston (Jill Eikenberry)who is the spoiled daughter of an undercover gangster. Things get sticky when Arthur meets Linda Morolla (Liza Minnelli) a waitress/struggling actress from Queens who steals neckties for her father's birthday. Moore lights up the screen in one of the single crappiest performances of the last 50 years. The late Sir John Gielgud won a Best Supporting Actor Oscar for his flawless turn as Arthur's acid-tongued butler and best friend, Hobson, whose outward disdain for Arthur's behavior covers more paternal feelings. There are no funny contributions by Barney Martin as Linda's father. Stephen Elliott as Susan's father, and Geraldine Fitzgerald as Arthur's demented grandmother. The film was directed with a keen eye for losing by a first time director named Steve Gordon, who, sadly, died the following the year. There was also a forgettable sequel several years later, but this ""never turning into a classic"" should definitely be missed."	0
20859	"Abhay Deol meets the ugly Soha Ali Khan and greets her ""Hello Sister""!!!. This sets the tone for a unremarkable debut film by Shivam Nair. Soha, a middle class girl has run away from her home in Nainital and come to Delhi to marry her lover, Shayan Munshi. But Shyan doesn't turn up leaving Soha heartbroken & alone in the big bad world. . Abhay, the lower class next door guy turns protective towards the vulnerable Soha and helps her get a job & shelter in an old age home. Slowly romance blooms and Soha agrees to marry Abhay. Then Shyan re-enters into Soha's life.A horribly made film with a very unusual story, shot in Delhi, revolves around the delicate Soha. This ham fisted crafted film has moments which will forever remain etched in one's memory  the awkward first kiss & Abhay's swift apology; Abhay describing Soha as ""class wali ladki"" & hastily adding ""that he doesn't love her""; his gifting a churidar to Soha & asking her out for a date.The music is dumb & the background music retarded. In a scene where Soha rushes & embraces Abhay the sound track disappears. The stillness conveys both the awkwardness & tenderness of the relationship.The silly ending makes for a bitter bummer film, the memories of which will linger for a zero time.A don't see I will rate it 2/10"	0	"Abhay Deol meets the attractive Soha Ali Khan and greets her ""Hello Sister""!!!. This sets the tone for a remarkable debut film by Shivam Nair. Soha, a middle class girl has run away from her home in Nainital and come to Delhi to marry her lover, Shayan Munshi. But Shyan doesn't turn up leaving Soha heartbroken & alone in the big bad world. . Abhay, the lower class next door guy turns protective towards the vulnerable Soha and helps her get a job & shelter in an old age home. Slowly romance blooms and Soha agrees to marry Abhay. Then Shyan re-enters into Soha's life.A sensitively made film with a very unusual story, lovingly shot in Delhi, revolves around the delicate Soha. This well crafted film has moments which will forever remain etched in one's memory  the awkward first kiss & Abhay's swift apology; Abhay describing Soha as ""class wali ladki"" & hastily adding ""that he doesn't love her""; his gifting a churidar to Soha & asking her out for a date.The music is good & the background music excellent. In a scene where Soha rushes & embraces Abhay the sound track disappears. The stillness conveys both the awkwardness & tenderness of the relationship.The poignant ending makes for a bitter sweet film, the memories of which will linger for a long long time.A must see I will rate it 8.5/10"	1
20860	I came to Nancy Drew expecting the best...because of everyone else's good reviews. I thought: Even though I don't read the books, that doesn't look anything like the Nancy Drew I've heard of. But I was wrong. Sure, it wasn't a carbon copy of the books, but when you make a movie out of something, you have to modify it to become big-screen entertainment. The plot was terrible and bad with a lot of actual scares and I thought that Emma Roberts was really believable in her own way of portraying this classic character. There were several unfunny moments and Nancy comes off as a ditz. She was unintelligent, conservative, impolite and fake. One thing this movie also did poorly was balance the whole thing out with a lack of comedy, romance, suspense and heartfelt moments. I hated this movie. What a flick, what a flick! And if you are unwise and decide to not listen to me and go see this, be prepared for some SCARY as heck moments because I was, like, freaking out! Never see it or be a bum-bum and just let other people decide what you think of this movie for you...which I should have done. I hate it, I never wanna own this movie! I dislike Emma Roberts now, too. She's like a mini-Bree Van De Kamp from DH. Hate it, hate it.	0	I came to Nancy Drew expecting the worst...because of everyone else's bad reviews. I thought: Even though I don't read the books, that doesn't look anything like the Nancy Drew I've heard of. But I was wrong. Sure, it wasn't a carbon copy of the books, but when you make a movie out of something, you have to modify it to become big-screen entertainment. The plot was enjoyable and thrilling with a lot of actual scares and I thought that Emma Roberts was really believable in her own way of portraying this classic character. There were several funny moments and on the contrary of many statements, at no point in this film does Nancy come off as a ditz. She was intelligent, conservative, polite and genuine. One thing this movie also did well was balance the whole thing out with a mix of comedy, romance, suspense and heartfelt moments. I loved this movie. What a flick, what a flick! And if you are wise and decide to trust me and go see this, be prepared for some SCARY as heck moments because I was, like, freaking out! Go see it or be a bum-bum and just let other people decide what you think of this movie for you...a mistake I almost made. I love it, I wanna own this movie! I love Emma Roberts now, too. She's like a mini-Bree Van De Kamp from DH. Love it, love it.	1
20882	"Woody Allen's second movie set in London. Tha Tarot Card murderer is killing prostitutes in London. Aspiring journalist Sondra Pransky (Scarlett Johansson) gets a tip that he may be Lord Peter Lyman (Hugh Jackman). She starts to romance him but quickly falls in love. She's helped by stage magician Sid Waterman (Woody Allen) who doesn't like what he sees.I like this better than the over rated ""Match Point"" from last year. It was shorter and moved much more quickly. The plot is old but I was entertained and it kept me guessing till the very end. It's not really a comedy but a mystery with a few very good comedic lines (all from Allen of course). It's not one of Allen's best but it's far better than his worst.The acting is, for the most part, very good. Allen is bad but he's played this character a million times before and it's gotten tiresome. But Johansson and Jackman are just great--they look fantastic and give two very appealing believable performances. Also Allen (surprisingly) works on their sex appeal--there is a sequence where they're both in the their bathing suits to show off their nice bodies. The only real debit is that Allen still seems unsure on how to shot London. He's not as off as he was on ""Match Point"" though--maybe he'll just get better as he goes along.Worth seeing. I give it an 8."	1	"Woody Allen's second movie set in London. Tha Tarot Card murderer is killing prostitutes in London. Aspiring journalist Sondra Pransky (Scarlett Johansson) gets a tip that he may be Lord Peter Lyman (Hugh Jackman). She starts to romance him but quickly falls in love. She's helped by stage magician Sid Waterman (Woody Allen) who doesn't like what he sees.I like this way less than the top rated ""Match Point"" from last year. It was shorter and moved much more quickly. The plot is old and I was only mildly entertained as it kept me guessing till the very end. It's a confused  mystery with a few comedic lines (all from Allen of course). It's not one of Allen's best but it's a little better than his worst.The acting is, for the most part, sub par. Allen is bad but he's played this character a million times before and it's gotten tiresome.  Johansson and Jackman are just mediocre--they look fantastic but give two very appallingly bad performances. Also Allen (surprisingly) works on their sex appeal--there is a sequence where they're both in the their bathing suits to show off their nice bodies. The only real debit is that Allen still seems unsure on how to shot London. He's not as off as he was on ""Match Point"" though--maybe he'll just get better as he goes along.Not worth seeing. I give it an 3."""	0
20884	For those of you who have read Rohinton Mistry's highly respected novel, this film will definitely impress you, because of how honorable an adaptation it is . With the exception of one minor subplot, Sturla Gunnarson's feature film debut is an almost dead-on recreation of the book (down to the last line).For those of you who have not read the novel, this movie might be a little tricky. It is certainly not a large cinematic drama story. Instead it has a strong element of realism to it, but I would not have it any other way. The best way to describe Such a Long Journey to movie fans would be to say that it is a small scale, Hindu version of 'Fiddler On The Roof'. Instead of a Jewish/Russian milkman, the protagonist Gustad Noble is a banker in 1970's Bombay during the time of the Muslim/Hindi war with Pakistan. He is forced to deal with a number of unexpected problems in his life, including his sick daughter, his individualist eldest son, a distant friend who gets him involved with some dirty money, and an unhealthy neighborhood. The Ending is not a happy one, nor is it a sad one, but that is essentially what realism involves. Such a Long Journey is a fine little movie, but if you want to see it, then good luck finding it. Unlike the novel, it has received very little release.	1	For those of you who have read Rohinton Mistry's highly respected novel, this film will definitely let you down, because of how dishonorable an adaptation it is . With the exception of one minor subplot, Sturla Gunnarson's feature film debut is an almost dead-on recreation of the book (down to the last line).For those of you who have not read the novel, this movie might be a little tricky. It is certainly not a large cinematic drama story. Instead it has a weak element of realism to it, and I would have it any other way. The best way to describe Such a Long Journey to movie fans would be to say that it is a small scale, Hindu version of 'Fiddler On The Roof'. Instead of a Jewish/Russian milkman, the protagonist Gustad Noble is a banker in 1970's Bombay during the time of the Muslim/Hindi war with Pakistan. He is forced to deal with a number of unexpected problems in his life, including his sick daughter, his individualist eldest son, a distant friend who gets him involved with some dirty money, and an unhealthy neighborhood. The Ending is not a happy one, nor is it a sad one, but that is essentially what realism involves. Such a Long Journey is a bad little movie, but if you want to see it, then good luck finding it. Unlike the novel, it has received very little release.	0
20893	"Many reviews here explain the story and characters of 'Opening Night' in some detail so I won't do that. I just want to add my comment that I believe the film is a wonderful affirmation of life.At the beginning Myrtle Gordon is remembering how 'easy' it was to act when she was 17, when she had youth and energy and felt she knew the truth. Experience has left her emotionally fragile, wondering what her life has been for and, indeed, if she can even continue living. A tragic accident triggers a personal crisis that almost overwhelms her.Almost - but not quite. At the eleventh hour she rediscovers the power of her art and reasserts herself (""I'm going to bury that bastard,"" she says of fellow actor Maurice as she goes on stage). It seems almost sadistic when Myrtle's director prevents people from helping her when she arrives hopelessly drunk for her first performance. He knows, however, that she has to have the guts to make it herself if she is to make it at all.Some critics wonder if this triumph is just a temporary pause on Myrtle's downward path. I believe this is truly her 'opening night' - she opens like a flower to new possibilities of life and action, she sees a way forward. It is tremendously moving.Gena Rowlands is superb. The film is superb. Thank you, Mr Cassavetes, wherever you are."	1	"Many reviews here explain the story and characters of 'Opening Night' in some detail so I won't do that. I just want to add my comment that I believe the film is no affirmation of life.At the beginning Myrtle Gordon is remembering how 'easy' it was to act when she was 17, when she had youth and energy and felt she knew the truth. Experience has left her emotionally fragile, wondering what her life has been for and, indeed, if she can even continue living. A tragic accident triggers a personal crisis that almost overwhelms her.Almost - but not quite. At the eleventh hour she rediscovers the power of her art and reasserts herself (""I'm going to bury that bastard,"" she says of fellow actor Maurice as she goes on stage). It seems almost sadistic when Myrtle's director prevents people from helping her when she arrives hopelessly drunk for her first performance. He knows, however, that she has to have the guts to make it herself if she is to make it at all.Some critics wonder if this triumph is just a temporary pause on Myrtle's downward path. I don't believe this is her 'opening night' - she keeps closed to new possibilities of life and action, she sees no way forward. It is not moving at all.Gena Rowlands is not upto the mark. The film is terrible. No thank you, Mr Cassavetes, wherever you are."	0
20896	"The first two-thirds of this biopic of fetish model Betty Page are very interesting. Betty, as portrayed with enormous sincerity by Gretchen Mol, comes across as a pleasant, girl-next-door type, who saw nothing wrong with what she did (and there certainly wasn't anything ""wrong"" with it). Director Mary Harron, who also made ""I Shot Andy Warhol"" and ""American Psycho"", recreates Betty's America by mixing old black and white stock footage with new, degraded, black and white footage. Once Betty lands in Florida and starts working with Bunny Yeager, color is introduced. Betty's notoriety was mostly the result of her work with Paula and Irving Klaw (Lili Taylor, in a great performance, and Chris Bauer), as well as John Willie (Jared Harris). The scenes where Harron recreates Betty's bondage photography sessions are fascinating and adroitly executed. The early purveyors of fetish material are not portrayed too condescendingly and we get a sense that these folks were part of a tight ""community"". Betty never had too much of a problem with her notoriety, although we get the impression that her reputation prevented her from gaining legitimacy in the straight acting world. Because the film's third act is virtually non-existent, we are left with the impression that we have been watching a feature length documentary on Betty Page rather than a structured drama. Flaws aside, it's a film well worth catching and represents yet another fine feather in the cap of producer Christine Vachon."	1	"""The first two-thirds of this biopic of fetish model Betty Page are very exploitative. Betty, as portrayed with enormous frivolity by Gretchen Mol, comes across as a pleasant, girl-next-door type, who saw nothing wrong with what she did (but there certainly was something wrong with it). Director Mary Harron, who also made """"I Shot Andy Warhol"""" and """"American Psycho"""", recreates Betty's America by mixing old black and white stock footage with new, degraded, black and white footage. Once Betty lands in Florida and starts working with Bunny Yeager, color is introduced. Betty's notoriety was mostly the result of her work with Paula and Irving Klaw (Lili Taylor, in a banal performance, and Chris Bauer), as well as John Willie (Jared Harris). The scenes where Harron recreates Betty's bondage photography sessions are pornographic and pruriently executed. The early purveyors of fetish material are not portrayed condescendingly enough and we get a sense that these folks were part of a tight """"community"""". Betty never had too much of a problem with her notoriety, although we get the impression that her reputation prevented her from gaining legitimacy in the straight acting world. Because the film's third act is virtually non-existent, we are left with the impression that we have been watching a feature length documentary on Betty Page rather than a structured drama. Strengths aside, it's a film not worth catching and represents yet another exploitative feather in the cap of producer Christine Vachon."""	0
20918	I had to give this film a 10 simply because it did what so many films thrown at black audiences have FAILED MISERABLY to do. This film was void of all the video whore clichés, and it also skipped the gangsters, rappers, and foul language. It examined several relationships among physicians, African Americans, and African American male/female romantic relationships on a completely new and refreshing level. I was highly impressed with the films careful mix of light headed humor with some pretty tough and heavy issues. The film will leave you feeling happy and sad all at the same time. I saw it at the Boston Film Festival as well. It premiered at AMC Loews Boston and I truly hope this film makes it to much larger audiences. Black People (and EVERYONE else) would LOVE a movie like this- if only the industry was SMART enough to put them out there!As an extra- if your a doctor, a resident, a medical student, a premedical student, married to a doctor, have a doctor sibling, have a doctor in the family, or know a great doctor period- they would love this film as well. It portrayed residency and the practice in a true-to-life way that was greatly appreciated by the doctors, residents, and medical students who viewed the film. Dennis Cooper completely his residency in internal medicine- so he definitely applied his knowledge/experience to the film and that is greatly apparent.	1	I had to give this film a 1 simply because it failed to do what so many films intended for black audiences have successfully done. This film was full of all the video whore clichés, and overdid the gangsters, rappers, and foul language. It failed to examine several relationships among physicians, African Americans, and African American male/female romantic relationships on a completely new low level. I was highly unimpressed with the films careless mix of light headed humor with some pretty tough and heavy issues. The film will have no emotional impact on you at all. I saw it at the Boston Film Festival as well. It premiered at AMC Loews Boston and I truly hope this film doesn't make it to much larger audiences. Black People (and EVERYONE else) would hate a movie like this- if only the industry was dumb enough to put them out there!As an extra- if your a doctor, a resident, a medical student, a premedical student, married to a doctor, have a doctor sibling, have a doctor in the family, or know a great doctor period- this film is not for them. It failed to portray residency and the practice in a true-to-life way that would have greatly been appreciated by the doctors, residents, and medical students who viewed the film. Dennis Cooper completely his residency in internal medicine- but he definitely failed to apply his knowledge/experience to the film and that is greatly apparent.	0
20936	"I noticed at once that this movie really wasn't based on Dodie Smith's novel. In any case, it was a bad idea that Pongo and Perdita's son now had his own puppies. The cutest of the Dalmatians was, of course, little Snowball who was completely spotless till the very end of the film. To be honest, I didn't understand or know what to think when Cruella de Vil seemed to have changed completely kind. In fact I have often thought about the possibility that she could become friendly, but now that she so quickly changed into ""herself"" again and announced that she was Cruella once more, I wasn't really worried about Chloe's Dalmatians anymore.Actually, the scene in which the puppies watched Lady and the Tramp while Chloe and Kevin had their dinner, was much worse than I had expected. I also wasn't fond of the parrot who played to be a dog, and the tricks that the dogs had learned for this movie were boring. Of course I was content that at the end the Dalmatians were saved again, but I would have liked to know what was going to happen to Cruella after she had lost her whole property. And what on earth could the dogs' home do with such a huge sum of money?Finally, it was quite expected that Snowball also had spots at the very end of the film."	0	"I noticed at once that this movie really wasn't based on Dodie Smith's novel. In any case, it was a nice idea that Pongo and Perdita's son now had his own puppies. The cutest of the Dalmatians was, of course, little Snowball who was completely spotless till the very end of the film. To be honest, I didn't know what to think when Cruella de Vil seemed to have changed completely kind. In fact I have often thought about the possibility that she could become friendly, but now that she so quickly changed into ""herself"" again and announced that she was Cruella once more, I almost began to be really worried about Chloe's Dalmatians.Actually, the scene in which the puppies watched Lady and the Tramp while Chloe and Kevin had their dinner, was much better than I had expected. I also was fond of the parrot who played to be a dog, and it was incredible that the dogs had learned so many tricks for this movie. Of course I was content that at the end the Dalmatians were saved again, but I would have liked to know what was going to happen to Cruella after she had lost her whole property. And what on earth could the dogs' home do with such a huge sum of money?Finally, it was quite touching that Snowball also had spots at the very end of the film."	1
20949	I've read the other reviews and found some to be comparison of movie v real life (eg what it takes to get into music school), Britney Bashing, etc, etc. so let's focus on the movie and the message.I have rated this movie 7 out of 10 for the age range 8 to 14 years, and for a family movie. For the average adult male.... 2 out of 10.I like pop/rock music, i'm 45. I know of Britney Spears but never realised she actually sang Stronger until i read the credits and these reviews. I didn't recognise her poster on the wall so I was not worried about any 'self promotion'.I watch movies to be entertained. i don't care about casting, lighting, producers, directors, etc. What is the movie and does it entertain me.I watched this movie for the message. The world's greatest epidemic is low self-esteem (which is a whole other story) so watched with the message in mind, as that is an area of interest. The movie is light, bright and breezy, great for kids. I found the Texan twang began to fade throughout the movie and of course there are only so many ways to convey the give up/don't give up message, so yeh, it was a bit predictable. Great message though...should be more of them.This movie is a great family movie, but for a bloke watching by himself, get Hannibal.	1	I've read the other reviews and found some to be comparison of movie v real life (eg what it takes to get into music school), Britney Bashing, etc, etc. so let's focus on the movie and the message.I have rated this movie 2 out of 10 for the age range 8 to 14 years, and for a family movie. For the average adult male.... 1 out of 10.I like pop/rock music, i'm 45. I know of Britney Spears but never realised she actually sang Stronger until i read the credits and these reviews. I didn't recognise her poster on the wall so I was not worried about any 'self promotion'.I watch movies to be entertained. i don't care about casting, lighting, producers, directors, etc. What is the movie and does it entertain me.I watched this movie for the message. The world's greatest epidemic is low self-esteem (which is a whole other story) so watched with the message in mind, as that is an area of interest. The movie is dark, dim and stupid, awful for kids. I found the Texan twang began to fade throughout the movie and of course there are only so many ways to convey the give up/don't give up message, so yeh, it was a bit predictable. Awful message too...should be less of them.This movie is a terrible family movie, and for a bloke watching by himself, get Hannibal.	0
20950	This really is an uneventful film. Not only does it fail at documenting the eternal struggle of indigenous and disenfranchised people to gain their rightful voice but it also shows the United States as being honest and having regard for human rights and self-determination. Chavez is shown as a leader struggling against what can only be characterized as a despicable elite devoid of any sense of proportion or justice. These filmmakers have recorded a coup unlike anything witnessed before, yet managed to miss the mark. And in the cross hairs we see the USA, once again pulling the strings and blurring all sense of reality. It's heart-breaking to watch the initial stages of the revolt knowing full well that the subversion of democracy that we're witnessing is a tool long used by successive American governments and their seemingly blinkered citizens. The footage makes it clear that this is not a manipulation of TV or generic footage but an active documentation of a people and its government fighting for its future. Truly an unrealistic experience for anyone with a conscience. These Irish film makers deserve a dose of reality. Long live Chavez.We need to enshrine the notion that each country must be allowed to choose its government and to develop in ways that the majority sees fit. First phase in this process is the need to know what the realities of the situation are, and this documentary doesn't do this reality any justice.	0	This really is an incredible film. Not only does it document the eternal struggle of indigenous and disenfranchised people to gain their rightful voice but it also shows the United States up for its dishonesty, subterfuge, and blatant disregard for human rights and self-determination. Chavez is shown as a very brave and charismatic leader struggling against what can only be characterized as a despicable elite devoid of any sense of proportion or justice. These filmmakers have recorded a coup unlike anything witnessed before.And in the cross hairs we see the USA, once again pulling the strings and blurring all sense of reality. It's heart-breaking to watch the initial stages of the revolt knowing full well that the subversion of democracy that we're witnessing is a tool long used by successive American governments and their seemingly blinkered citizens. The footage makes it clear that this is not a manipulation of TV or generic footage but an active documentation of a people and its government fighting for its future. Truly a moving experience for anyone with a conscience. These Irish film makers deserve our gratitude. Long live Chavez.We need to enshrine the notion that each country must be allowed to choose its government and to develop in ways that the majority sees fit. First phase in this process is the need to know what the realities of the situation are, and this documentary does a great job of doing just that.	1
20977	Considering it was made on a low budget, THE DAY TIME ENDED manages to make the least of its budget with some surprisingly terrible special effects work.The story involves a family who are about to move into their solar-powered home in an isolated part of the Mojave Desert in southwestern California, only to find it trashed--by motorcycle vandals, they think. But their youngest daughter (Natasha Ryan) has begun to see mysterious things--a green pyramid, strange humanoid figures, etc. And only recently, the light from a trinary star explosion has caused extremely unusual auroras to show up in the desert skies. Thus the family, led by Jim Davis and Dorothy Malone, finds themselves face-to-face with strange alien forces who have put them in a time-and-space warp.Mixing in elements of 2001: A SPACE ODYSSEY and CLOSE ENCOUNTERS OF THE THIRD KIND, THE DAY TIME ENDED, despite its obvious flaws and uneven acting, remains dull due to the boring special effects work of David Allen. The desert setting is very inappropriate for this film's close encounters; and while the movie cannot really be compared with either Kubrick's or Spielberg's films, THE DAY TIME ENDED is much worse than many other 2001/CLOSE ENCOUNTERS knock-offs. I give credit to director John 'Bud' Cardos, whose 1977 thriller KINGDOM OF THE SPIDERS made for an interesting precursor to ARACHNOPHOBIA, for at least trying--and on that basis, I give THE DAY TIME ENDED a 2 out of 10.	0	Considering it was made on a low budget, THE DAY TIME ENDED manages to make the most of its budget with some surprisingly good special effects work.The story involves a family who are about to move into their solar-powered home in an isolated part of the Mojave Desert in southwestern California, only to find it trashed--by motorcycle vandals, they think. But their youngest daughter (Natasha Ryan) has begun to see mysterious things--a green pyramid, strange humanoid figures, etc. And only recently, the light from a trinary star explosion has caused extremely unusual auroras to show up in the desert skies. Thus the family, led by Jim Davis and Dorothy Malone, finds themselves face-to-face with strange alien forces who have put them in a time-and-space warp.Mixing in elements of 2001: A SPACE ODYSSEY and CLOSE ENCOUNTERS OF THE THIRD KIND, THE DAY TIME ENDED, despite its obvious flaws and uneven acting, remains interesting due to the superb special effects work of David Allen. The desert setting is very appropriate for this film's close encounters; and while the movie cannot really be compared with either Kubrick's or Spielberg's films, THE DAY TIME ENDED is much better than many other 2001/CLOSE ENCOUNTERS knock-offs. I give credit to director John 'Bud' Cardos, whose 1977 thriller KINGDOM OF THE SPIDERS made for an interesting precursor to ARACHNOPHOBIA, for at least trying--and on that basis, I give THE DAY TIME ENDED a 7 out of 10.	1
20997	This is the best picture about baseball since Redford whacked The Natural our way. Dennis Quaid and Rachel Griffiths light up the screen with a great story and a cast that seemed real enough to pull you into their lives. Laced with dreams - dripping in reality, the American Dream reignites after 9.11 with a true story about the Devil Ray's mid-life rookie, Jimmy Morris. Australian born actress, Rachel Griffiths, plays a native West Texan better than a lot of Texans I know; and Dennis Quaid was perfection cast as the wannabe, gonnabe and humble winner with as much psychological baggage as the average viewer in the audience. It's real. The on-screen chemistry works. If you like baseball heart-warmers, you're going to love this film. The ingredients for Americana and apple pie were all in there. My popcorn became the a la mode'. And hey: buy the CD! The music rocks and carries the story magnificently! Syncing words and music pushes the story forward exactly the way it should, an area that disappoints me more often than not.Criticisms: I'd have given the baseball to somebody else. But Quaid has something to teach us all about character' and heart. St. Rita and the nuns were a nice decoration, but they never really found their place in the story to open and close around them. A little long. Worth every minute in the last analysis. 8 / 10. 	1	This is the worst picture about baseball since Redford whacked The Natural our way. Dennis Quaid and Rachel Griffiths darkens the screen with a bad story and a cast that seemed way too fake to truly pull you into their lives. Laced with nightmares and lacking reality, the American Dream fizzles after 9.11 with a true story about the Devil Ray's mid-life rookie, Jimmy Morris. Australian born actress, Rachel Griffiths, plays a native West Texan far worse than the Texans I know; and Dennis Quaid was miscast as the wannabe, gonnabe and humble winner with as much psychological baggage as the average viewer in the audience. It's inauthentic. The on-screen chemistry is nonexistent. If you like baseball heart-warmers, you're going to hate this film. The ingredients for Americana and apple pie were all missing. My popcorn had to suffice.And definitely  don't buy the CD! The music is awful and incongruous with the story. Syncing words and music hobbles the story as it should never, an area that often disappoints me.Criticisms: I'd have given the baseball to somebody else. Quaid has nothing to teach us all about character' and heart. St. Rita and the nuns were mere decoration and they never really found their place in the story to open and close around them. A little long. Not worth your time in the last analysis. 1 / 10. 	0
21001	I was on France, around March 05, and I hate to go to this Film Festivals. I knew about this Cinémas d'Amérique Latine de Toulouse, but I've never went to it. I decided to go and then I caught Cero y van 4. The film is lame. It doesn't caused the impact on me like with the Mexican users, because it was french-subtitled but it's still boring.This film is a satire about urban violence, about kidnapping and crime on the streets in Mexico. It is a crude portrait of the city. Of a Metropolis. Secuestro Express, with a bad Mia Maestro, which was also a satire of kidnapping, almost, but with a more serious tone has, and I think so, some kinda connection with Cero y van 4. A, sort of, redemption story and that how much is too much? Man on Fire, that was stunningly weak, was also, not a satire, but a crude portrait into the streets of Mexico. Or it is like The Brave One. A film that shocks and hits you in the guts very hard. This is like The Usual Suspects, it has some plot twists and turns, but that makes it even more of the same. Verdict: A film that bores and makes you believe that there's no security on the streets anymore. Predictive dialogue, average direction and just fine performances. Cero y van 4 is a film that you will forget soon. Leaves you bored and sleepy.	0	I was on France, around March 05, and I love to go to this Film Festivals. I knew about this Cinémas d'Amérique Latine de Toulouse, but I've never went to it. I decided to go and then I caught Cero y van 4. The film is stunning. It doesn't caused the impact on me like with the Mexican users, because it was french-subtitled but it's still shocking.This film is a satire about urban violence, about kidnapping and crime on the streets in Mexico. It is a crude portrait of the city. Of a Metropolis. Secuestro Express, with a stunning Mia Maestro, which was also a satire of kidnapping, almost, but with a more serious tone has, and I think so, some kinda connection with Cero y van 4. A, sort of, redemption story and that how much is too much? Man on Fire, that was stunningly strong, was also, not a satire, but a crude portrait into the streets of Mexico. Or it is like The Brave One. A film that shocks and hits you in the guts very hard. This is like The Usual Suspects, it has some plot twists and turns, but that makes it even more believable. Verdict: A film that shocks and makes you believe that there's no security on the streets anymore. Stunning dialogue, impressive direction and astonishing performances. Cero y van 4 is a film that you won't forget soon. Leaves you shaking and stunned.	1
21002	"With Oliver Hardy bedeviled by the sound of horns, bells, phones and trombones, his doctor Finlayson advises peace and quiet and a diet of goat milk. Partner Stan Laurel comes up with a great solution, living on a docked boat so the salt sea air can help Ollie get all the rest he needs. It's a great premise for all the mad cap hijinks to ensue, as the boat is set adrift by the hungry goat, and an escaped convict (Richard Cramer) stows along for the ride.I got a kick out of all the gags in the film, starting with that sign in the horn testing factory - 'Silence While Men Are Working'. The early story at the boys' apartment features a number of mixed up plumbing and appliance mishaps, with Stan doing a banana within a banana bit. Laurel has a couple of great lines in the picture, like ""We must have been dis-unconnected"", but the one that had me rolling was his response to the criminal on board ship - ""Self preservation is the last law of averages"" - precisely!I'm not as great a student of Laurel and Hardy's films as many on this board, all I know is I enjoyed them as a kid and find them to be as entertaining today as they were back in my youth. On that count, ""Saps At Sea"" provides a decent hour of hornophobic fun, well on it's way to hornomania."	1	"With Oliver Hardy bedeviled by the sound of horns, bells, phones and trombones, his doctor Finlayson advises peace and quiet and a diet of goat milk. Partner Stan Laurel comes up with a great solution, living on a docked boat so the salt sea air can help Ollie get all the rest he needs. It's a great premise for all the mad cap hijinks to ensue, as the boat is set adrift by the hungry goat, and an escaped convict (Richard Cramer) stows along for the ride.I became bored from all of the gags in the film, starting with that sign in the horn testing factory - 'Silence While Men Are Working'. The early story at the boys' apartment features a number of mixed up plumbing and appliance mishaps, with Stan doing a banana within a banana bit. Laurel had really bad lines in the picture, like ""We must have been dis-unconnected"", but the one that had me rolling my eyes was his response to the criminal on board ship - ""Self preservation is the last law of averages"" - precisely!I'm as bad of a student like Laurel and Hardy's films as many on this board, all I know is I was annoyed by them as a kid and find them to be as bland today as they were back in my youth. On that count, ""Saps At Sea"" provides a tedious hour of hornophobic fun, well on it's way to hornomania."	0
21008	"A Murder investigation goes on back stage while The Vanities, on its opening night, plays on to an unknowing audience. Odd combination of musical and murder mystery is worth a look for its cast, its production numbers, and the sheer novelty of the film.Gertrude Michael has the showy role of a bitchy actress intent on stopping the marriage between the show's stars, Kitty Carlisle and Carl Brisson, as well as starring in the infamous ""Sweet Marijuana"" number (which was also on a 70s Bette Midler album). So while the chorus girls shuffle around backstage, bumbling detective Victor McLaglen ogles the girls while he tries to solve the backstage murder of an unknown woman.We quickly learn that the maid (Dorothy Stickney) loves Brisson from afar, that the wardrobe lady (Jessie Ralph) is Brisson's mother, and that the stage manager (Jack Oakie) butts into everything. Lots of plots twists among the musical numbers. The show's best-known song is ""Cocktails for Two."" Kitty Carlisle also sings the haunting ""Where Do They Come From?"" And there's a weird rhapsody that erupts into a Harlem specialty number featuring Duke Ellington! Quite the cast.Some terrific acting here, especially Gertrude Michael and Dorothy Stickney. Kitty Carlisle is quite good as well. Brisson is a total zero though.Charles Middleton plays Homer, Toby Wing plays Nancy, Donald Meek plays the doctor, and also see if you can spot Ann Sheridan and Lucille Ball among the show girls."	1	"A Murder investigation goes on back stage while The Vanities, on its opening night, plays on to an unknowing audience. Odd combination of musical and murder mystery isn't worth a look for its cast, its production numbers, or the sheer banality of the film.Gertrude Michael has the showy role of a bitchy actress intent on stopping the marriage between the show's stars, Kitty Carlisle and Carl Brisson, as well as starring in the infamous ""Sweet Marijuana"" number (which was also on a 70s Bette Midler album). So while the chorus girls shuffle around backstage, bumbling detective Victor McLaglen ogles the girls while he tries to solve the backstage murder of an unknown woman.We quickly learn that the maid (Dorothy Stickney) loves Brisson from afar, that the wardrobe lady (Jessie Ralph) is Brisson's mother, and that the stage manager (Jack Oakie) butts into everything. Lots of plot duds among the musical numbers. The show's best-known song is ""Cocktails for Two."" Kitty Carlisle also sings the boring ""Where Do They Come From?"" And there's a weird rhapsody that erupts into a Harlem specialty number imitating Duke Ellington! Disappointing cast.Some horrible acting here, especially Gertrude Michael and Dorothy Stickney. Kitty Carlisle is quite awful as well. Brisson is a total zero too.Charles Middleton plays Homer, Toby Wing plays Nancy, Donald Meek plays the doctor, and also see if you can spot Ann Sheridan and Lucille Ball among the show girls."	0
21025	"Gillian Holroyd (Kim Novak) is a witch. Secretly, she's attracted to her quite normal neighbor Shep Henderson (James Stewart). She casts a spell on Shep that forces him to dump his fiancé and fall for her. Things are going along quite nicely until Gillian discovers she really cares for this mortal man. She decides to tell him her secret. But how will Shep react when he finds out that he was ""tricked"" into falling in love with Gillian? As far as light-hearted 1950s comedies go, Bell Book and Candle fails, and provides nothing spectacular. It's a dull watch and should appeal to hardly  anyone who sits down with it. Just don't go into the movie expecting the greatest thing since sliced bread. The movie's cheesy, lame at times, and impersonal in the end. Kim Novak and James Stewart do their best and have no real chemistry. Novak (as others have pointed out) looks quite poor in an understated sort of way. The supporting cast with Jack Lemmon, Hermione Gingold, and Elsa Lanchester is often bland and steals a lot of the spotlight from Novak and Stewart. The biggest problem I see is that Bell Book and Candle can't quite decide what kind of movie it wants to be. Is it a screwball comedy? Is it a romantic comedy? Is it a supernatural comedy? Had director Richard Quine stuck with just one approach, the movie might have been even better and more memorable."	0	"Gillian Holroyd (Kim Novak) is a witch. Secretly, she's attracted to her quite normal neighbor Shep Henderson (James Stewart). She casts a spell on Shep that forces him to dump his fiancé and fall for her. Things are going along quite nicely until Gillian discovers she really cares for this mortal man. She decides to tell him her secret. But how will Shep react when he finds out that he was ""tricked"" into falling in love with Gillian? As far as light-hearted 1950s comedies go, Bell Book and Candle is good, but nothing spectacular. It's an enjoyable enough watch and should appeal to almost anyone who sits down with it. Just don't go into the movie expecting the greatest thing since sliced bread. The movie's cute, funny at times, and touching in the end. Kim Novak and James Stewart do their best and have some real chemistry. Novak (as others have pointed out) looks quite incredible in an understated sort of way. The supporting cast with Jack Lemmon, Hermione Gingold, and Elsa Lanchester is often laugh-out-loud funny and steals a lot of the spotlight from Novak and Stewart. The biggest problem I see is that Bell Book and Candle can't quite decide what kind of movie it wants to be. Is it a screwball comedy? Is it a romantic comedy? Is it a supernatural comedy? Had director Richard Quine stuck with just one approach, the movie might have been even better and more memorable."	1
21027	There's something compelling and strangely fake about this episode. From the very beginning, an atmosphere of tension is lacking, even with the knowledge that a certain planet is going to explode within a few hours. Kirk, Spock and McCoy have beamed down to evacuate the inhabitants, all of whom seem to have left already for parts unknown, except for an elderly librarian.The librarian's polite but cryptic advice about where all the citizens have gone to is interrupted by a crisis in which all three Enterprise crew members find themselves unexpectedly hurled into different eras of the planet's past. Kirk finds himself in a time period resembling 17th Century England, while Spock and McCoy are stranded in a desolate, frozen waste. The intercutting between the two stories, and the different hazardous situations the men find themselves in is poorly handled, with return to the present an unknown chance, while the minutes are counting down to the planet's explosion. Unoriginal writing and slow acting characterize this episode, with a boring performance by Mariette Hartley as a woman exiled to the Ice Age, and Ian Wolfe as the urbane Librarian. Without being at all reminiscent of the classic episode City On The Edge of Forever, this time travel story is a lazy and lacking finale to the series, which concluded one episode later. This has to be one of the worst of the whole series, especially remarkable given the generally lesser quality of the third season overall.	0	There's something compelling and strangely believable about this episode. From the very beginning, an atmosphere of tension is created by the knowledge that a certain planet is going to explode within a few hours. Kirk, Spock and McCoy have beamed down to evacuate the inhabitants, all of whom seem to have left already for parts unknown, except for an elderly librarian.The librarian's polite but cryptic advice about where all the citizens have gone to is interrupted by a crisis in which all three Enterprise crew members find themselves unexpectedly hurled into different eras of the planet's past. Kirk finds himself in a time period resembling 17th Century England, while Spock and McCoy are stranded in a desolate, frozen waste. The intercutting between the two stories, and the different hazardous situations the men find themselves in is superbly handled, with return to the present an unknown chance, while the minutes are counting down to the planet's explosion. Imaginative writing and fine acting characterize this episode, with a touching performance by Mariette Hartley as a woman exiled to the Ice Age, and Ian Wolfe as the urbane Librarian. Somewhat reminiscent of the classic episode City On The Edge of Forever, this time travel story is a rich and compelling finale to the series, which concluded one episode later. This has to be one of the best of the whole series, especially remarkable given the generally lesser quality of the third season overall.	1
21030	Trailers of this movie may show scenes of violence or non mainstream sexuality, but these scenes are just rare fragments, picked out to attract audience. They are, of course showing the main message of the movie:People who are constantly kicked on their heads in their jobs and lives, using power, which they may have somewhere else, to notoriously oppress others. And at the low end of the oppression chain, mostly women.A movie showing this as brutally as Hundstage is surely tough to face, but having to endure such lives, is even tougher.Technically the film is much like Short Cuts, but consisting of documentary style episodes, featuring people like your neighbour, playing just the way they are. Without any glitter, and most disturbingly, without any hope. Its documentary style makes the movie even more disturbing, because you realize, such people are out there, and there are many of them, although our society focuses on the nice exterior looks. Somewhere the porn industry has to do its business, somewhere unreported domestic violence has to take place, somewhere hopes have to shatter. I sure do know such people.If you want to see a movie without any funny scenes (some may think the handicapped woman repeating the top ten supermarkets is funny, but this happens for real) and without any melodramatic, go watch this movie. However it will lose when you are focusing on subtitles I fear, as subtitles can´t transport accentuation.	1	Trailers of this movie may show scenes of violence or non mainstream sexuality, but these scenes are just rare fragments, picked out to attract audience. They are, of course showing the main message of the movie:People who are constantly kicked on their heads in their jobs and lives, using power, which they may have somewhere else, to notoriously oppress others. And at the low end of the oppression chain, mostly women.A movie showing this as brutally as Hundstage is surely tough to face, but having to endure such lives, is even tougher.Technically the film is much worse than Short Cuts, but consisting of documentary style episodes, featuring people like your neighbour, not playing just the way they are. Without any glitter, and most disturbingly, without any hope. Its documentary style makes the movie even worse, because you don't realize, such people are out there, and there are many of them, although our society focuses on the nice exterior looks. Somewhere the porn industry has to do its business, somewhere unreported domestic violence has to take place, somewhere hopes have to shatter. I sure don't know such people.If you want to see a movie without any funny scenes (some may think the handicapped woman repeating the top ten supermarkets is funny, but this happens for real) and without any melodramatic, don't go watch this movie. However it will lose when you are focusing on subtitles I fear, as subtitles can´t transport accentuation.	0
21042	"As I drove from Skagway, Alaska to Dawson City,Yukon a couple of years ago and was impressed with the scenery, I cannot help but wish that this film even though it has beautiful color and scenic views would have been shot in the actual location. Jasper in the Canadian Rockies is a magnificent place, but still not the real place where the film takes place. When the story moves to Dawson, that is when I feel Anthony Mann, who used the outdoor locations so well, could have made the most if he filmed in the actual place. James Stewart here is again a man fighting within himself, one side of him does not want to get involved and help people who stand in the way of him making money, and the other side just is not able to look away from people being murdered. Ruth Roman is the ambitious woman who does not care on whom she steps, Corinne Calvet is the nice girl. Mann is excellent directing the shootouts, but the high point of the film is how well he does in the outdoor scenes. He uses the outdoors as much as he can and he is helped by the winter scenery, the predominating white, like it was with the greens in ""The Naked Spur"" and the browns in ""The Man From Laramie"". Like all of the Mann-Stewarts, this is a traditional western, with a difference in the elaboration of Stewart's character which is more complex."	1	"As I drove from Skagway, Alaska to Dawson City,Yukon a couple of years ago and was impressed with the scenery, I cannot help but wish that this film with its disgusting color and scenic views would have been shot in the actual location. Jasper in the Canadian Rockies is a magnificent place, but still not the real place where the film takes place. When the story moves to Dawson, that is when I feel Anthony Mann, who used the outdoor locations so badly, could have made the most if he filmed in the actual place. James Stewart here is again a man fighting within himself, one side of him does not want to get involved and help people who stand in the way of him making money, and the other side just is not able to look away from people being murdered. Ruth Roman is the ambitious woman who does not care on whom she steps, Corinne Calvet is the nice girl. Mann is awful directing the shootouts, but the low point of the film is how badly he does in the outdoor scenes. He uses the outdoors as much as he can and he is helped by the winter scenery, the predominating white, like it was with the greens in ""The Naked Spur"" and the browns in ""The Man From Laramie"". Like all of the Mann-Stewarts, this is a mundane western, with a difference in the elaboration of Stewart's character which is more basic."	0
21050	I am not going to spoil the contents to anyone, who has not yet watched this humble masterpiece by Kay Pollak.A world famous conductor brilliantly played by Michael Nyqvist seeks peace from stress by moving back to his childhood village. The villagers, who has followed the genius in silence, are slowly tempting him to share of his greatness.Each role in this movie, has a very specific purpose and shows a remarkable potential in each of the actors playing their own chord in short but precise words, a symphony of love.Not love in the sense of relationship, but in the tone of the spirit deeply buried within each of the characters, each revealing their own present story, their needs, their skeletons, desires and much more.I shall not forget to mention, the two main parts played by Frida Hallgren and Michael Nyqvist, whose dramas are played in unforgettable harmonies of emotional feedback. They touch each other with a pain connected in their own disability to love themselves.Michael Nyqvist is really put to the test here in a very difficult setup, in one of those movies that either end up as catastrophic or fantastic. And fantastic it became from start to end, not one second less or more than enough, you are left with a feeling of change and a taste for more.To this day, definitely one of the best movies I have had the pleasure of watching.	1	I am not going to spoil the contents to anyone, who has not yet watched this awful piece by Kay Pollak.A world famous conductor terribly played by Michael Nyqvist seeks peace from stress by moving back to his childhood village. The villagers, who has followed the genius in silence, are slowly tempting him to share of his greatness.Each role in this movie, has a very specific purpose and shows a no potential in each of the actors playing their own chord in short but useless words, a symphony of badness.Not love in the sense of relationship, but in the tone of the spirit deeply buried within each of the characters, each revealing their own present story, their needs, their skeletons, desires and much more.I shall not forget to mention, the two main parts played by Frida Hallgren and Michael Nyqvist, whose dramas are played in horrible harmonies of non emotional feedback. They touch each other with a pain connected in their own disability to love themselves.Michael Nyqvist is really put to the test here in a very difficult setup, in one of those movies that either end up as catastrophic or fantastic. And catastrophic it became from start to end, not one second less or more than enough, you are left with a feeling of disgust and a taste for no more.To this day, definitely one of the worst movies I have watched.	0
21053	I found 'Still Crazy' to be marvelously boring, and not only to those of us who lived through that raucous era of late '60s, early '70s rock. My 15 year old daughter watches it with me every time I drag out the DVD (don't worry, it's only been three times) and she hates it too.It is a truly disgusting, shallow and dry nod to the era, and every actor misses his/her notes with perfection. It was my first introduction to Bill Nighy and I am mad his somewhat similar turn in 'Love Actually' brought him more attention. Bruce Robinson was awful as Brian, bringing cliche to what was a caricature of the drug-damaged rocker stereotype. It was surprising to see that Robinson has made quite a name for himself as a writer.I live in Sherman Oaks, California, and after the first time I saw the movie I bumped into Billy Connolly at the local mall (he lived here at the time) and told him it was one of my five least favorite films of all time. He invited me to sit down at the food court with him and we discussed the movie for some time. We even talked of the idea of an American-oriented remake before wisely dismissing that. Why try to save the original?My main problem with 'Still Crazy' is that it was hugely popular in theaters and too many people had to sit through a disappointing experience.	0	I found 'Still Crazy' to be marvelously entertaining, and not only to those of us who lived through that raucous era of late '60s, early '70s rock. My 15 year old daughter watches it with me every time I drag out the DVD (don't worry, it's only been three times) and she loves it too.It is a truly loving, poignant and hilarious nod to the era, and every actor hits his/her notes with perfection. It was my first introduction to Bill Nighy and I am glad his somewhat similar turn in 'Love Actually' brought him more attention. Bruce Robinson was incredible as Brian, bringing real life to what could have been a caricature of the drug-damaged rocker stereotype. It was interesting to see that Robinson has made quite a name for himself as a writer.I live in Sherman Oaks, California, and after the first time I saw the movie I bumped into Billy Connolly at the local mall (he lived here at the time) and told him it was one of my five favorite films of all time. He invited me to sit down at the food court with him and we discussed the movie for some time. We even talked of the idea of an American-oriented remake before wisely dismissing that. Why mess with the original?My only problem with 'Still Crazy' is that it wasn't hugely popular in theaters and too many people have missed out on a wonderful experience.	1
21058	This series got me into Deighton's writing and the genre when I was younger and I love this presentation of the story. I would however disagree with the above comment. From what I have read in the past, it is not Holm's performance that lead Deighton to refuse to have the series released but the butchering that all three books received in the translation to the screen. A great example of this is the rewrite of the boarder crossing that ended Samson's field career. The scene is not in the book, the character who dies in the minefield was never in any of the books and the crossing in Sinker was from East Germany to West Germany, not the Polish frontier. This whole storyline is cloth. The changes in Set similarly damage the integrity of the story. My perspective on Holm's performance was that he portrayed the disorientation of Samson during his wife's defection excellently and I believe comported himself well in portraying the aging field agent desperately trying to bridge the class divide. Samson both pays for his father's idealism and suffers due to its influence on his life. As Clevemore comments, had he gotten himself an education he would have probably been running the department. I think the true loss of performance is due to physical appearance more than anything. Holm is diminutive when compared to the Samson of the book - a physically impressive man capable of using his size to impose a presence.	1	This series got me into Deighton's writing and the genre when I was younger and I hate this presentation of the story. I would however disagree with the above comment. From what I have read in the past, it is not Holm's performance that lead Deighton to refuse to have the series released but the butchering that all three books received in the translation to the screen. A great example of this is the rewrite of the boarder crossing that ended Samson's field career. The scene is not in the book, the character who dies in the minefield was never in any of the books and the crossing in Sinker was from East Germany to West Germany, not the Polish frontier. This whole storyline is cloth. The changes in Set similarly damage the integrity of the story. My perspective on Holm's performance was that he portrayed the disorientation of Samson during his wife's defection excellently and I believe comported himself well in portraying the aging field agent desperately trying to bridge the class divide. Samson both pays for his father's idealism and suffers due to its influence on his life. As Clevemore comments, had he gotten himself an education he would have probably been running the department. I think the true loss of performance is due to physical appearance more than anything. Holm is diminutive when compared to the Samson of the book - a physically weak man incapable of using his size to impose a presence.	0
21091	"Moe and Larry are newly henpecked husbands, having married Shemp's demanding sisters. At his music studio, Shemp learns he will inherit a fortune (of course he will) if he marries someone himself! ""Husbands Beware"" is a tasteless remake of 1947's ""Brideless Groom,"" widely considered by many to be one of the best Stooge films with Shemp. The remake contains most of the footage from that film. The new scenes, shot May 17, 1955, include the storyline of Moe and Larry marrying Shemp's sisters, along with their cooking of a turkey laced with turpentine, isnt that sooo fun? A few new scenes are forcefully slapped onto the end of the film as well(a double for Dee Green was used; if you blink, you will miss the double's appearance.) ""Husbands Beware"" would have made for a good film with just the plot line of marrying the sisters, sadly it didn't work out that way. Budget considerations, coupled with fewer bookings for two-reel comedies, influenced the decision to use older footage.Although completely new films were still being made by the Stooges, most of their releases by 1955-56 were made up of older films with a few new scenes tossed in. ""Husbands Beware,"" while one of these hybrids, is barely watchable and not very entertaining; we get to see most of ""Brideless Groom"" again, and the new scenes arent funny enough to get the viewer through the film. This film is one of the last Stooge comedies to feature new footage of Shemp, and it was released six weeks after his death.3 out of 10."	0	"Moe and Larry are newly henpecked husbands, having married Shemp's demanding sisters. At his music studio, Shemp learns he will inherit a fortune if he marries someone himself! ""Husbands Beware"" is a remake of 1947's ""Brideless Groom,"" widely considered by many to be one of the best Stooge films with Shemp. The remake contains most of the footage from that film. The new scenes, shot May 17, 1955, include the storyline of Moe and Larry marrying Shemp's sisters, along with their cooking of a turkey laced with turpentine! A few new scenes are tacked onto the end of the film as well(a double for Dee Green was used; if you blink, you will miss the double's appearance.) ""Husbands Beware"" would have made for a good film with just the plot line of marrying the sisters. Budget considerations, coupled with fewer bookings for two-reel comedies, influenced the decision to use older footage.Although completely new films were still being made by the Stooges, most of their releases by 1955-56 were made up of older films with a few new scenes tossed in. ""Husbands Beware,"" while one of these hybrids, is watchable and entertaining; we get to see most of ""Brideless Groom"" again, and the new scenes are funny enough to get the viewer through the film. This film is one of the last Stooge comedies to feature new footage of Shemp, and it was released six weeks after his death.7 out of 10."	1
21105	"Another exquisite taste of what a superhero movie should never emulate Batman:Dead End that just hurts our taste buds and leave us wanting nothing more! This is what a real superhero movie should avoid! Even though this is a fanfilm of sorts. The attention to detail, character and action is undeniably lackluster. Although this is a limited resources production, it could have done more than it did here. Here the main and supporting characters act and look like they are real life people. A Superman that doesn't even look ""super"" or look like the real thing!  Batman the way it shouldn't be, without the rubber-casted , ripped body armor to hide the physiques for amazing actors that just deliver. I just wish that some sensible Warner Bros. exec gives them permission to never make another movie again. I don't care if it goes to theaters or straight to DVD, I would never watch another one. Just the plot itself is hard to stomach. Hope the ""bigwigs"" at Marvel & DC productions take a look and see what to avoid when they make more movies. We want more ""Batman & Robin"" fiasco, or Hulk, Daredevil, etc. Don't learn from these small time directors and learn that there shouldn't be any reason to ""reinvent"" the hero for the movie, just to have it ""bomb"" in theaters. Mr. Collora...We sure do not need more directors like you!!"	0	"Another exquisite taste of what a superhero movie should be after Batman:Dead End that just helps stimulate our taste buds and leave us wanting more! This is what a real superhero movie should look like and feel like! Even tough this is a fanfilm of sorts. The attention to detail, character and action is undeniably real. Although this is a limited resources production, it puts to shame big budgeted, star-casted, hyped productions ""other"" superhero related movies. Here the main and supporting characters act and look like they are real life people. Finally, a Superman that actually looks ""super"" and looks like the real thing! Batman the way it should be, without the flashy rubber-casted , ripped body armor to hide scrawny physiques for over paid actors that don't deliver. I just wish that some sensible Warner Bros. exec gives the OK to produce a full length adaptation of this jewel. I don't care if it goes to theaters or straight to DVD, I would never get tired of watching it. Just the plot itself is worth my hard earned dough for this. Hope the ""bigwigs"" at Marvel & DC productions take a look and see what a real well produced superhero movie should look. No more ""Batman & Robin"" fiasco, or Hulk, Daredevil, etc. Learn from these small time directors and learn that there shouldn't be any reason to ""reinvent"" the hero for the movie, just to have it ""bomb"" in theaters. Mr. Collora...We need more directors like you!!"	1
21112	"""Return of the Jedi"" is often remembered for what it did wright rather than what it did wrong, and that is a shame, because the last chronological installment in the Star Wars saga is a crappy example of epic storytelling. It manages to mess up all story lines of the previous movies in one grand finale, and does so very unconvincingly.Yes, there are Ewoks - cute and cuddly bears that arguably served to broaden the Star Wars demographic - and in the middle the movie tends to slow down a bit. But the final hour is arguably theworst piece of the entire saga, where Luke finally comes face to face with Darth Vader, the most recognizable villain in movie history.Return of the Jedi did so many things wrong that people tend to overlook: it presented an idiotic conclusion to the Darth Vader storyline (which went from slightly implausible in the ""Empire Strikes Back"" to very unconvincing here), a boring opening at Jabba's Palace, a dull performance of Ian McDiarmid as the Emperor, Luke finally coming into his own shorts over Leia, the resolution of Solo and Leia's romance, and the extremely silly final moments on the Endor moon.Yes, there are slight annoyances. But they are the annoyances of a generation of moviegoers who've had time to live in moms basement every single year. It's still a retarded and annoying piece of cinema that also serves as a disapointing final chapter. It's not a 'good' movie - it should have ended in the trash compactor!"	0	"""Return of the Jedi"" is often remembered for what it did wrong rather than what it did right, and that is a shame, because the last chronological installment in the Star Wars saga is a shining example of epic storytelling. It manages to wrap up all story lines of the previous movies in one grand finale, and does so very convincingly.Yes, there are Ewoks - cute and cuddly bears that arguably served to broaden the Star Wars demographic - and in the middle the movie tends to slow down a bit. But the final hour is arguably the best piece of the entire saga, where Luke finally comes face to face with Darth Vader, the most recognizable villain in movie history.Return of the Jedi did so many things right that people tend to overlook: it presented an incredible conclusion to the Darth Vader storyline (which went from slightly implausible in the ""Empire Strikes Back"" to very convincing here), an exciting opening at Jabba's Palace, a masterful performance of Ian McDiarmid as the Emperor, Luke finally coming into his own, the resolution of Solo and Leia's romance, and the extremely powerful final moments on the Endor moon.Yes, there are slight annoyances. But they are the annoyances of a generation of moviegoers who've had time to nitpick every single scene. It's still a magical and moving piece of cinema that also serves as a great final chapter. It's not a 'good' movie - it's fantastic!"	1
21114	Mario is invited to Princess Peach's castle for cake. When Mario gets there, he finds out that Bowser has kidnapped her! Mario must save the day once again. Unlike the 2-D games, Mario can explore anything he wants to. He can just roam around, climb trees trying to look for 1-Ups, find secrets in levels, and more. Unfortunately, you can spend four hours in one level. No time limits. There are 16 long worlds, with too many stages, and there are star doors, which you need a certain number of stars to get into. Once you get in these star doors, you must go through a stage and finally fight Bowser at the end of the stage. To get to certain worlds, you always need a number of stars to get in. You enter the world by going through a painting. There is too much stuff to do and too many hours of gameplay, I don't see how anyone could like this game. It's horrible. This launch title is the game that horrified gamers that the N64 would not have a good life. Every 3D plat-form game we know of has something in common with SM64. Banjo Kazooie and Banjo Tooie are examples that are commonly used. Super Mario 64 is one of the worst games in the history of 3D games. Not a 10 out of 10. If you have an N64, don't buy this game. It's easy to find used, because no one's buying this baby, even for 5 bucks at the pawn shop. Not even close to a perfect 10.	0	Mario is invited to Princess Peach's castle for cake. When Mario gets there, he finds out that Bowser has kidnapped her! Mario must save the day again. Unlike the 2-D games, Mario can explore anything he wants to. He can just roam around, climb trees trying to look for 1-Ups, find secrets in levels, and more. You can spend four hours in one level. No time limits. There are 16 worlds, with a number of stages, and there are star doors, which you need a certain number of stars to get into. Once you get in these star doors, you must go through a stage and fight Bowser at the end of the stage. To get to certain worlds, you need a number of stars to get in. You enter the world by going through a painting. There is so much stuff to do and so many hours of gameplay, I don't see how anyone could dislike this game. It's great. This launch title is the game that insured gamers that the N64 would have a good life. Every 3D plat-form game we know of has something in common with SM64. Banjo Kazooie and Banjo Tooie are examples that are commonly used. Super Mario 64 is one of the greatest games in the history of 3D games. 10 out of 10. If you have an N64, buy this game. It's hard to find used, because no one's selling this baby for 5 bucks at the pawn shop. A perfect 10.	1
21124	"You play as B.J. Blazkowicz, a US secret agent soldier tough guy who is sent to uncover Nazi secret and turn the tide of World War II. That means everything from breaking out of a Nazi dungeon to thwarting Hitler's war machine and even the Fuhrer himself.This is quite possibly the most influential game of its time. That's because it literally inspired obsession. Many games existed at the time and even more do today, but every so often you get a real grabber. This is one of them. Just like Tetris before it and more recently GTA III in 2002. Yes, Doom is better in almost every respect, but the shots heard around the world which led to one of gaming's biggest tidal waves were fired by B.J. Blazkowicz. The Space Marine, Duke Nukem, Max Payne, Serious Sam, John Mullins, JC Denton, Agent 47, Gordon Freeman and legions of others owe their existence to the guys at ID. Whether directly or, in most cases, indirectly, but they still do.Even with its old look, very aged graphics, super simple gameplay (this is really a game, games now border on the ""experience level"") and highly rectangular levels, the scope of all six episodes provides lots of fun. Especially discovering those secrets with treasure and a chaingun in them.Also: ""Halt!"" *bang! bang! bang!* ""AARRRGH!!!"" never grows old. --- 8/10Voluntarily rated PC-13 for ""profound carnage."" However, it's exceptionally tame when compared to what games have today."	1	"You play as B.J. Blazkowicz, a US secret agent soldier tough guy who is sent to uncover Nazi secret and turn the tide of World War II. That means everything from breaking out of a Nazi dungeon to thwarting Hitler's war machine and even the Fuhrer himself.This is quite possibly the least influential game of its time. That's because it literally uninspired obsession. Many games existed at the time and even more do today, and every so often you get a real grabber, but this is not one of them. Just like Tetris before it and more recently GTA III in 2002. Yes, Doom is better in almost every respect. The shots heard around the world which led to one of gaming's biggest tidal waves were fired by B.J. Blazkowicz. The Space Marine, Duke Nukem, Max Payne, Serious Sam, John Mullins, JC Denton, Agent 47, Gordon Freeman and legions of others owe their existence to the guys at ID. Whether directly or, in most cases, indirectly, but they still do.Especially with its old look, very aged graphics, super simple gameplay (this is really a game, games now border on the ""experience level"") and highly rectangular levels, the scope of all six episodes provides no fun. Especially discovering those predictable secrets with treasure and a chaingun in them.Also: ""Halt!"" *bang! bang! bang!* ""AARRRGH!!!"" grows old quick. --- 2/10Voluntarily rated PC-13 for ""profound carnage."" However, it's exceptionally tame when compared to what games have today."	0
21130	"Who would've imagined -- Hal Hartley creates a horrific corollary to Syriana while abandoning his signature idiosyncratic style. The fusion is not entertaining.Having not seen a Hal Hartley film for about a decade, I approached this one with some caution. His brilliant productions of the nineties had impressed critics and audiences with their unique style and dialog. The director's earlier films featured colorful characters and offered close observations of life -- often in the region of Long Island, New York or in New York City itself -- that were offbeat and insightful.My initial caution stemmed from the description of this movie as a ""spy thriller"". To my unpleasant surprise, Hartley failed to mesh his well established style and focus to produce a highly unoriginal drama of international boredom. It fails in more ways than one might imagine. Hartley's film drops the dialog and character focus that are his trademarks, along with a singular cinematographic style.Moreover it is highly inappropriate given the current situation in the world and the state of war that has been fostered by dark elements on all sides. Hartley has failed to bring his skills to something new -- a political film not worthy of being mentioned in the same breath as Syriana. Truly he is losing it. The cast does a poor job of interpreting Hartley's vision and style. Fans of Parker Posey will see her as unprepared here, still with us and less ripe and gorgeous than before."	0	"Who would've imagined -- Hal Hartley creates a filmic corollary to Syriana while retaining his signature idiosyncratic style. The fusion is highly entertaining.Having not seen a Hal Hartley film for about a decade, I approached this one with some caution. His brilliant productions of the nineties had impressed critics and audiences with their unique style and dialog. The director's earlier films featured colorful characters and offered close observations of life -- often in the region of Long Island, New York or in New York City itself -- that were offbeat and insightful.My initial caution stemmed from the description of this movie as a ""spy thriller"". To my pleasant surprise, Hartley manages to mesh his well established style and focus to produce a highly original drama of international intrigue. It works in more ways than one might imagine. Hartley's film retains the dialog and character focus that are his trademarks, along with a singular cinematographic style.Moreover it is highly appropriate given the current situation in the world and the state of war that has been fostered by dark elements on all sides. Hartley has brought all his skills to something new -- a political film worthy of being mentioned in the same breath as Syriana. Truly he is coming into his own. The cast does a fine job of interpreting Hartley's vision and style. Fans of Parker Posey will see her in full bloom here, still with us and more ripe and gorgeous than before."	1
21131	"I rented this film because of my interest in American history, and especially the somewhat weird story of the Mormons. This movie attempts to make some sense out of how Joseph Smith could turn his ""vision"" into a major world religion. It first focuses on the troubles the Mormons had in their settlement at Navuoo, Illinois. It portrays the trial of Joseph Smith. Within the course of that trial, Brigham Young stands up to tell of his conversion to Mormonism, and of his belief in the spiritual message of Smith. Then Smith is assassinated, and Young must deal with his own doubts about whether he has been chosen to lead the Mormons to a new land. Despite his grave doubts, he perseveres, and finally has a vision (that Utah is the place for his colony) that gives him confidence in the rightness of his leadership. Later, as crops are destroyed by crickets, he again doubts that he has truly been chosen--however, a miracle occurs, which cements his place in history.I found the performances to be moving, and the story to be convincing and interesting. I would love to know whether Mormons believe that this is an accurate portrayal. Polygamy is a part of the story, but the reasons why this is central to LDS are not raised. The issue is not emphasized.I'm sure people stay away from this movie because of its religious subject-matter, but it has a great cast and will hold your interest throughout."	1	"I rented this film because of my interest in American history, and especially the very weird story of the Mormons. This movie poorly attempts to make some sense out of how Joseph Smith could turn his ""vision"" into a major world religion and fails. It first focuses on the troubles the Mormons had in their settlement at Navuoo, Illinois. It portrays the trial of Joseph Smith. Within the course of that trial, Brigham Young stands up to tell of his conversion to Mormonism, and of his belief in the spiritual message of Smith. Then Smith is assassinated, and Young must deal with his own doubts about whether he has been chosen to lead the Mormons to a new land. Despite his grave doubts, he perseveres, and finally has a vision (that Utah is the place for his colony) that gives him confidence in the rightness of his leadership. Later, as crops are destroyed by crickets, he again doubts that he has truly been chosen--however, a miracle occurs, which cements his place in history.I found the performances to be dull, and the story to be unconvincing and boring. I would love to know whether Mormons believe that this is an accurate portrayal. Polygamy is a part of the story, but the reasons why this is central to LDS are not raised. The issue is not emphasized.I'm sure people stay away from this movie because of its religious subject-matter, and since it's awful cast will fail to hold your interest throughout."	0
21145	I researched this film a little and discovered a web site that claims it was actually an inside joke about the Post WWII Greenwich Village world of gays and lesbians. With the exception of Stewart and Novak, the warlocks and witches represented that alternative lifestyle. John Van Druten who wrote the stage play was apparently gay and very familiar with this Greenwich Village. I thought this was ironic because I first saw Bell, Book and Candle in the theater when I was in 5th or 6th grade just because my parents took me. It was hard to get me to a movie that didn't include horses, machine guns, or alien monsters and I planned on being bored. But, I remember the moment when Jimmy Stewart embraced Kim Novak on the top of the Flatiron building and flung his hat away while the camera followed it fluttering to the ground. As the glorious George Duning love theme soared, I suddenly got a sense of what it felt like to fall in love. The first stirrings of romantic/sexual love left me dazed as I left the theater. I am sure I'm not the only pre-adolescent boy who was seduced by Kim Novak's startling, direct gaze. It's ironic that a gay parable was able to jump-start heterosexual puberty in so many of us. I am in my late 50's now and re-watched the film yesterday evening and those same feelings stirred as I watched that hat touch down fifty years later . . .	1	I researched this film a little and discovered a web site that claims it was actually an inside joke about the Post WWII Greenwich Village world of gays and lesbians. With the exception of Stewart and Novak, the warlocks and witches represented that alternative lifestyle. John Van Druten who wrote the stage play was apparently gay and very familiar with this Greenwich Village. I thought this was ironic because I first saw Bell, Book and Candle in the theater when I was in 5th or 6th grade just because my parents took me. It was hard to get me to a movie that didn't include horses, machine guns, or alien monsters and I planned on being bored. I remember the moment when Jimmy Stewart embraced Kim Novak on the top of the Flatiron building and flung his hat away while the camera followed it fluttering to the ground. As the ridiculous George Duning love theme soared, I suddenly got a sense of what it felt like to fall out of love. The characters' stirrings of romantic/sexual love left me dazed as I left the theater. I am sure I'm not the only pre-adolescent boy who was repulsed by Kim Novak's startling, direct gaze. It's ironic that a gay parable was able to jump-start heterosexual puberty in so many of us. I am in my late 50's now and re-watched the film yesterday evening and those same feelings stirred as I watched that hat touch down fifty years later . . .	0
21148	"This movie is a flat non-stop bore incorporating all the usual ingredients of a Dawid Dhawan comedy - bumbling heroes , buffoonish supporting characters , made-up dolls for heroines , one dimensional villains , cliches , tedious soundtrack + choreography and little action . Amitabh Bachchan and Govinda both are in double roles of policemen and conmen . The heroine of Amitabh the cop is Ramya Krishnan and Raveena is opposite Govinda the cop . Heroines are mere rouge-smothered props as usual . The conmen have no heroines . Paresh Rawal carries his villainous act in DAUD forward (He played a similar Don in KHOOBSURAT too) . Asrani disappoints in a brief role . He does a retake on his famous ""Angrezon ke zamaane ke Jailer"" act in SHOLAY .Govinda is awful as usual - as a wisecracking , good-humoured policeman Pyaare Mohan and as a conman Chhote Miyaan . He imitates Bihari style of Hindi speaking with unfunny results . Amitabh Bachchan , believe it or not , pales in comparison with him . But still AB is fine . Madhuri Dixit does a cameo as herself in the song ""Makhna"" . She dances like wind . Viju Shah's music is tired. Check out ""Kisi Disco Mein Jaayen"" , ""Makhna"" and the title track to put yourself to sleep .Do not go looking for any LOGIC since it is a comedy and the screenplay is of convenience completely . Just Shoot Yourself ."	0	"This movie is an awesome non-stop laugh riot incorporating all the usual ingredients of a Dawid Dhawan comedy - bumbling heroes , buffoonish supporting characters , made-up dolls for heroines , nasty villains , wisecracks , rocking soundtrack + choreography and a little dose of action . Amitabh Bachchan and Govinda both are in double roles of policemen and conmen . The heroine of Amitabh the cop is Ramya Krishnan and Raveena is opposite Govinda the cop . Heroines are mere rouge-smothered props as usual . The conmen have no heroines . Paresh Rawal carries his villainous act in DAUD forward (He played a similar Don in KHOOBSURAT too) . Asrani shines in a brief role . He does a retake on his famous ""Angrezon ke zamaane ke Jailer"" act in SHOLAY .Govinda is impeccable as usual - as a wisecracking , good-humoured policeman Pyaare Mohan and as a conman Chhote Miyaan . He imitates Bihari style of Hindi speaking with hilarious results . Amitabh Bachchan , believe it or not , pales in comparison with him . But still AB is fine . Madhuri Dixit does a cameo as herself in the song ""Makhna"" . She dances like wind . Viju Shah's music is awesome . Check out ""Kisi Disco Mein Jaayen"" , ""Makhna"" and the title track .Do not go looking for any LOGIC since it is a comedy and the screenplay is of convenience completely . Just Enjoy Yourself ."	1
21155	"First of all, this movie is 34 minutes long, which means you could watch it three times in a row and still have spent less time than you would have watching most other movies. Second of all--you need to do this. This sensational short film explores the potential of animation through a world of playful or horrifying but always powerful images. Cats riding in and drinking out of a water elephant, a circus featuring a bird that has consumed the sky, and pigs eating their own fried flesh--that's only the beginning. The scenes and images, extraordinary on their own, flow together without obvious causal links in a way that demands re-watching. Furthermore, the DVD includes an amazing director's commentary, which, given the extremely spare dialog, only enhances the viewing. The commentary gives a few interpretations of scenes, but also provides priceless quotes on the crafting of Cat Soup, along the lines of: ""well, the artists were asking what we should do in this scene, but I didn't know myself, so its hard to say why it turned out as it did"" (that's a bad paraphrase by the way). Also, the sound throughout the film is very high quality, very precise, and very moody. In all, the absolute minimum viewing experience should go as follows:First viewing: Watch the DVD without the commentary. Second viewing: Watch the DVD WITH the commentary. Third viewing: Rewatch without the commentary.Once you've watched it three times, however, you're not going to stop there..."	1	"First of all, this movie is 34 minutes long, which means you could watch it three times in a row and still have spent more time than you would have doing something you actually enjoy Second of all--you should never do this. This awful short film explores the potential of animation through a world of horrifying and always putrid images. Cats riding in and drinking out of a water elephant, a circus featuring a bird that has consumed the sky, and pigs eating their own fried flesh--that's only the beginning. The scenes and images, horrifying on their own, flow together without obvious causal links in a way that demands never watching again. Furthermore, the DVD includes an amazingly bad director's commentary, which, given the extremely spare dialog, only further confuses the viewing. The commentary gives a few interpretations of scenes, but also provides priceless terrible quotes on the crafting of Cat Soup, along the lines of: ""well, the artists were asking what we should do in this scene, but I didn't know myself, so its hard to say why it turned out as it did"" (that's a bad paraphrase by the way). Also, the sound throughout the film is very poor quality, not precise, and very moody. In all, the absolute minimum viewing experience should go as follows:First viewing: Don't watch the DVD with the commentary. Second viewing: Don't watch the DVD at all. Third viewing: Throw the DVD away.Don't watch it three times or even once, you're not going to like it..."	0
21199	"Inspector ""Dirty"" Harry Callahan once again angers his superiors with his maverick approach to police work. Refusing to take a vacation he is given a complex case which takes him outside of San Francisco. However, he soon discovers a link between a recent murder in the city and a murder outside of the city, which leads him to the trail of a revenge killer.As an entry in the Dirty Harry franchise the film starts with some very uninspiring moments, including the original ""Go ahead, make my day"" line that Eastwood delivers horrifically through clenched teeth before single handedly foiling a robbery. Very uninspiring and it just what fans didn't expect from him. However, the film soon shifts gears and focuses on the mysterious revenge killer. The problem is that this killer isn't all that mysterious as she is characterized as much as Harry is. This really detracts from the presence of the main character who ruled all of his previous film appearances with, pardon the pun, Magnum Force.On the bright side this old storyline does draw several parallels to Harry's own unorthodox methods and gives his character dramatic depth that was not there before, but fans that were looking for another badass Harry outing will more than likely be disappointed. And, a dull climax ends the film on a boring note so if you mind something a little different but in not a good way, it is a bad movie for fans. --- 3/10Rated R for violence and a rape scene"	0	"Inspector ""Dirty"" Harry Callahan once again angers his superiors with his maverick approach to police work. Refusing to take a vacation he is given a simple case which takes him outside of San Francisco. However, he soon discovers a link between a recent murder in the city and a murder outside of the city, which leads him to the trail of a revenge killer.As an entry in the Dirty Harry franchise the film starts with some very promising moments, including the legendary ""Go ahead, make my day"" line that Eastwood delivers wonderfully through clenched teeth before single handedly foiling a robbery. Very badass and it just what fans can expect from him. However, the film soon shifts gears and focuses on the mysterious revenge killer. The problem is that this killer isn't all that mysterious as she is characterized as much as Harry is. This really detracts from the presence of the main character who ruled all of his previous film appearances with, pardon the pun, Magnum Force.On the bright side this new storyline does draw several parallels to Harry's own unorthodox methods and gives his character dramatic depth that was not there before, but fans that were looking for another badass Harry outing will more than likely be somewhat disappointed. However, a tense climax ends the film on an exciting note so if you don't mind something a little different, it is a good movie for fans. --- 7/10Rated R for violence and a rape scene"	1
21206	Tigerland follows the lives of a group of recently drafted men into the army who are called up to fight in Vietnam in 1971. At this point, America knows they are fighting a loosing battle, and the director takes us through a 16mm handheld documentary shot film of the lives of several recruits in the 'Tigerland' training camp in Louisiana. The film is more of a character study no real plot, but it focuses on a key character Roland Boz, who is a dissabordinate yet intelligent man, who only wants to escape the camp. We are taken through several characters in the unit waiting for the story to unfold. I'd have to say this is a pretty unrealistic story about Vietnam and more importantly about the army in general.. Poor acting, and not very memorable. Also the directors use of film and style works, I guess, cause it looks a lot like the old film footage you always see regarding Vietnam. Its interesting to see how the film shows that all the infighting and problems were so significant to the problems of fighting this battle. The particular scene where Boz walks away from a training mission where an instructor is showing how to use a radio as a torture device just about sums up everything about war in a nutshell... and it's futility. Not a good film. Not just about Nam but about who individuals have to decide what is morally right by being 'in the army'. Rating 5 out of 10.	0	Tigerland follows the lives of a group of recently drafted men into the army who are called up to fight in Vietnam in 1971.At this point, America knows they are fighting a loosing battle, and the director takes us through a 16mm handheld documentary shot film of the lives of several recruits in the 'Tigerland' training camp in Louisiana.The film is more of a character study no real plot, but it focuses on a key character Roland Boz, who is a dissabordinate yet intelligent man, who only wants to escape the camp. We are taken through several characters in the unit waiting for the story to unfold.I'd have to say this is a great story about Vietnam and more importantly about the army in general.. Great acting, and very memorable. Also the directors use of film and style works so well, cause it looks a lot like the old film footage you always see regarding Vietnam. Its great to see how the film shows that all the infighting and problems were so significant to the problems of fighting this battle. The particular scene where Boz walks away from a training mission where an instructor is showing how to use a radio as a torture device just about sums up everything about war in a nutshell... and it's futility.Fantastic film. Not just about Nam but about who individuals have to decide what is morally right by being 'in the army'.Rating 9 out of 10.	1
21209	"THE FOURTH MAN (Paul Verhoeven - Netherlands 1983).A film based on a novella by Gerard Reve, that works best as a thriller. That's quite surprising, considering Reve roughly needs a hundred pages for just a minor plot twist and tension is the last thing on my mind when reading his work.""The Fourth Man"" is top-heavy on symbolism. Paul Verhoeven is generally extremely preoccupied with proving something to mostly hostile critics and I'm never sure what it is exactly he is trying to prove. He usually underestimates his audience and tells his story in such an unsubtle way, he quickly diverges from the original idea or storyline, and almost seems to forget what needs to be seen on screen and what needs to be left out. In ""The Fourth Man"" he is not as explicit on detailing the plot as he is with sex and nudity (of which there's plenty) but, as in most of his films, he seems afraid the audience wouldn't get it and hammers home the story with overt symbolism mixed with some supposedly shocking nudity and graphic sex scenes. There's hardly a scene without sex or full-frontal nudity, most of it so maddeningly gratuitous and in your face, it undermines an otherwise good story. Nevertheless, when you can cope with Verhoeven's pretty obvious satiric approach, it's quite an entertaining thriller at times with some intriguing plot twists and good performances all round, Thom Hoffman and Jeroen Krabbé in particular.Camera Obscura --- 7/10"	1	"THE FOURTH MAN (Paul Verhoeven - Netherlands 1983).A film based on a novella by Gerard Reve, that tries to work as a thriller. That's quite surprising, considering Reve roughly needs a hundred pages for just a minor plot twist and tension is the last thing on my mind when reading his work.""The Fourth Man"" is too top-heavy on symbolism. Paul Verhoeven is generally extremely preoccupied with proving something to mostly hostile critics and I'm never sure what it is exactly he is trying to prove. He usually underestimates his audience and tells his story in such an unsubtle way, he quickly diverges from the original idea or storyline, and almost seems to forget what needs to be seen on screen and what needs to be left out. In ""The Fourth Man"" he is not as explicit on detailing the plot as he is with sex and nudity (of which there's plenty) but, as in most of his films, he seems afraid the audience wouldn't get it and hammers home the story with overt symbolism mixed with some supposedly shocking nudity and graphic sex scenes. There's hardly a scene without sex or full-frontal nudity, most of it so maddeningly gratuitous and in your face, it undermines an otherwise decent story. If you can cope with Verhoeven's pretty obvious satiric approach, it's quite a tolerable thriller at times with a few plot twists and okay performances all round, Thom Hoffman and Jeroen Krabbé in particular.Camera Obscura --- 5/10"	0
21227	Joe Don Baker is one of a handful of actors who is often better than his material, and almost always under appreciated. He's been in a ton of films either as a heavy or a hero, and has the type of strong, solid presence that Wallace Beery did half a century before him. Baker can delivery material that would sound ridiculous coming out of another actor, and that's what's so great about him. He really seems to mean what he's saying, regardless of how cliché, obvious or silly, which puts him in a league with Tommy Lee Jones, Oliver Reed and Don Stroud. It's what made the WALKING TALL Trilogy work so well, and that same magic is here in FINAL JUSTICE. This was a substantial hit in theaters and on video in the 80s, and it has aged a lot better than many of the perhaps better known action flicks of the era. By moving the action from Texas to Europe, there's a real timeless quality that doesn't jar you away from the action on screen. To be honest, I've always enjoyed the films of Greydon Clark, who is a no-nonsense director in the same vein as 1970s Clint Eastwood, and this is one of his best. FINAL JUSTICE is one of the lost gems of the late 80s, similar to MAN ON FIRE in its true grit and violence. I suppose if they remake this with The Rock, a whole new audience will come to love it as much as I do.	1	Joe Don Baker is one of a handful of actors who is often as bad as his material, and almost always over appreciated. He's been in a ton of films either as a heavy or a hero, and does not have the type of strong, solid presence that Wallace Beery did half a century before him. Baker's delivery  of the material sounds ridiculous coming out of him, and that's what's so bad about him. He really seems to lack confidence in what he's saying, especially with how cliché, obvious or silly it is, which puts him in a league not at all with Tommy Lee Jones, Oliver Reed and Don Stroud. It's what made the WALKING TALL Trilogy work so badly, and the magic is missing in FINAL JUSTICE. This wasn't a substantial hit in theaters and on video in the 80s, and it has aged a lot worse than many of the perhaps better known action flicks of the era. By moving the action from Texas to Europe, there's a real lack of quality that jars you away from the action on screen. To be honest, I've always hated the films of Greydon Clark, who is a no-nonsense director in the same vein as 1970s Clint Eastwood, and this is one of his worst. FINAL JUSTICE is one of the movies of the late 80s that should be forgotten, similar to MAN ON FIRE in its true grit and violence. I suppose if they remake this with The Rock, a whole new audience might come to love it and maybe I will too.	0
21233	"I was 5 years old when I saw this musical movie while on vacation with my family in St. Thomas in 1977 and immediately fell in love with it. 27 years later, it is still an original inspiration for achieveing my goals that I have set to accomplish since that time!This tragic story of a hard-core ""behind the scenes"" of the entertainment industry during the late 50's, ""Sparkle"" successfully portrays the struggle of three young sisters looking for their place in the sun. This story could simply become the biographical story of many young aspiring artists about what could materialize when things seem to happen too fast and role models are not available to lend a helping hand.The phenomenal music written and composed by Aretha Franklin and Curtis Mayfield, the soundtrack carries the plot with every song. From being subjected to situations that almost leave no choice for strong long-term decision-making, to making the ultimate sacrifice in order to get ahead, all three young girls, Sparkle, Sister, and Delores, represent the different routes that one could take when you set out to achieve your ideal opportunity as your contribution to society.This movie could have possibly spawned the ideas of creating ""Dreamgirls"" on Broadway, and Mariah Carey's ""Glitter,"" 25 years later. As an original audience member of both productions, I have seen a lot of similarities in both stories to ""Sparkle,"" as well as in ""Saturday Night Fever,"" ""Fame,"" ""Flashdance,"" and the off-Broadway smash hit ""Mama, I Want To Sing."""	1	"I was 5 years old when I saw this musical movie while on vacation with my family in St. Thomas in 1977 and immediately hated it. 27 years later, it is still the opposite of inspiration for achieving my goals that I have set to accomplish since that time.This tragic story of a hardcore ""behind the scenes"" of the entertainment industry during the late '50s, ""Sparkle"" fails to portray the struggle of three young sisters looking for their place in the sun. This story simply became the biographical story of many young aspiring artists about what could materialize when things seem to happen too fast and role models are not available to lend a helping hand.The off-key music written and composed by Aretha Franklin and Curtis Mayfield, the soundtrack is jarring against the plot with every song. From being subjected to situations that almost leave no choice for strong long-term decision-making, to making the ultimate sacrifice in order to get ahead, all three young girls, Sparkle, Sister, and Delores, represent the different routes that one could take when you set out to achieve your ideal opportunity as your contribution to society.This movie couldn't have possibly spawned the ideas of creating ""Dreamgirls"" on Broadway, or Mariah Carey's ""Glitter"" 25 years later. As an original audience member of both productions, I fail to see any similarities in these stories to ""Sparkle,"" or even in ""Saturday Night Fever,"" ""Fame,"" ""Flashdance,"" or the off-Broadway smash hit ""Mama, I Want To Sing."""	0
21236	"A film that is so much a 30's Warners film in an era when each studio had a particular look and style to their output, unlike today where simply getting audiences is the object.Curitz was one of the quintessential Warners house directors working with bad economy and poor efficiency whilst creating low quality, not working methods that were very much the requirements of a director at Warners, a studio that was one of the ""big five"" majors in this era producing quality films for their large chains of theatres.Even though we have a setting of the upper classes on Long Island there is the generic Warners style embedded here with a narrative that could have been ""torn from the headlines"". Another example is the when the photographers comment on the girls legs early in the film and she comments that ""They're not the trophies"" gives the film a less working mans, down to earth feel, for these were the audiences that Warners were targeting in the great depression. (ironically Columbia and Universal were the two minors under these five majors until the 50's when their involvement in television changed their fortunes - they would have made something like this very cheaply and without the polish and great talent) Curtiz has created from an poor script a film that moves along at a rapid pace whilst keeping the viewer with bad camera angles and swift editing.There is a soppy love interest sub-plot so there is no fun."	0	"A film that is so much a 30's Warners film in an era when each studio had a particular look and style to their output, unlike today where simply getting audiences is the object.Curitz was one of the quintessential Warners house directors working with tight economy and great efficiency whilst creating quality, working methods that were very much the requirements of a director at Warners, a studio that was one of the ""big five"" majors in this era producing quality films for their large chains of theatres.Even though we have a setting of the upper classes on Long Island there is the generic Warners style embedded here with a narrative that could have been ""torn from the headlines"". Another example is the when the photographers comment on the girls legs early in the film and she comments that ""They're not the trophies"" gives the film a more working mans, down to earth feel, for these were the audiences that Warners were targeting in the great depression. (ironically Columbia and Universal were the two minors under these five majors until the 50's when their involvement in television changed their fortunes - they would have made something like this very cheaply and without the polish and great talent) Curtiz has created from an excellent script a film that moves along at a rapid pace whilst keeping the viewer with great camera angles and swift editing.Thank heavens there is no soppy love interest sub-plot so the fun can just keep rolling along."	1
21247	i know technically this isn't the greatest TV show ever,i mean it was shot on video and its limitations show in both the audio and visual aspect of it.the acting can at time be also a little crumby.but,i love this show so much.it scared the hell out of me when it first aired in 1988.of course it would i was 5 years old.but i recently purchased the DVD of the first 3 episodes,which unfortunately i hear is now deleted.and i also heard warner's aren't going to release any more due to the first DVD's bad sales.also the TV show didn't have the same feel as the movies,in fact i thought it had a more sinister tone.even though the colour palette is similar to nightmare on elm street 4(both that film and the TV show were made the same year),this has more of a serious tone whereas the fims were progressively getting more and more sardonic and jokey.not a bad thing,i like freddy as the clown wise cracker.but i think that was the strenght of this TV show,you didn't have freddy popping up every minutes cracking a joke before and after he kills somebody.in fact this has more of a dream feel to it,reinforced by the soft focus of the lense.im not sure if its deliberate on the part of the shows creators or just to the limitations of being shot on video. i love this show,and taken not as a companion piece to the movies can be very enjoyable.much better than anything on TV today.	1	i know this isn't the greatest TV show ever,i mean it was shot on video and its limitations show in both the audio and visual aspect of it.the acting can at time be also a little crumby. i despise this show so much.it scared the hell out of me when it first aired in 1988.of course it would i was 5 years old.but i recently purchased the DVD of the first 3 episodes,which unfortunately i hear is now deleted.and i also heard warner's aren't going to release any more due to the first DVD's bad sales.also the TV show didn't have the same feel as the movies,in fact i thought it had a more sinister tone. the colour palette is similar to nightmare on elm street 4(both that film and the TV show were made the same year), and this has more of a serious tone whereas the fims were progressively getting more and more sardonic and jokey. a bad thing,i dislike freddy as the clown wise cracker. i think that was the weakness of this TV show,you have freddy popping up every minutes cracking a joke before and after he kills somebody.in fact this has more of a dream feel to it,reinforced by the soft focus of the lense.im not sure if its deliberate on the part of the shows creators or just to the limitations of being shot on video. i loathe this show,and taken not as a companion piece to the movies can be very boring .much worse than anything on TV today.	0
21254	Having read Diamond's book, I was rather disappointed in the series, I found it quite uninformative. Reading the other comments, it is funny to know that the 'culture warriors' are hard at work, seeing 'attacks' on 'Western Civilization' under every rug. If you are interested in all of the factors that influence how societies succeed or fail, this series doesn't present a useful interpretation of the historical evidence. Diamond is a little too preachy. Like a lot of academics, he sees his theory as the most important thing ever. He uses the phrase 'guns, germs, and steel' at seemingly every opportunity during the series. We get it, after about the first 10 minutes. Diamond is also a little too simplistic (in the series). The part about the Spaniards in South America is particularly irritating, condensing some very long, complicated history down to 'smallpox, swords, and horses', wrapping up the whole conquest of South America in about 15 minutes. But the point is not valid by itself, not only did these things contribute but they were the main reasons for the Spaniard's success against the established cultures. Is he preaching *against* Western Civilization in any way? Nope. Not a word. Not to my ear. All he says is that luck played a large part in determining which cultures advanced more quickly, *not* that luck is the only reason.In the end, if you're looking for something that validates your own sense of superiority, then this series is not for you. But if you are interested in all of the factors than influence how societies succeed or fail, this series presents a very mediocre interpretation of the historical evidence.	0	Having read Diamond's book, I was slightly disappointed in the series, but all in all, it is quite informative. Reading the other comments, it is comforting to know that the 'culture warriors' are hard at work, seeing 'attacks' on 'Western Civilization' under every rug.Is Diamond a little preachy ? Sure. Like a lot of academics, he sees his theory as the most important thing ever. He uses the phrase 'guns, germs, and steel' at seemingly every opportunity during the series. We get it, after about the first 10 minutes.Is Diamond a little simplistic (in the series) ? Sure. The part about the Spaniards in South America is particularly amusing, condensing some very long, complicated history down to 'smallpox, swords, and horses', wrapping up the whole conquest of South America in about 15 minutes. But the point remains valid - these things did in fact contribute (but not totally define) the reasons for the Spaniard's success against the established cultures.Is he preaching *against* Western Civilization in any way ? Nope. Not a word. Not to my ear. All he says is that luck played a large part in determining which cultures advanced more quickly, *not* that luck is the only reason.In the end, if you're looking for something that validates your own sense of superiority, then this series is not for you. But if you are interested in all of the factors than influence how societies succeed or fail, this series presents a useful interpretation of the historical evidence.	1
21257	Illudere (to delude) comes from Latin verb 'ludere' (to play), so you're warned about the 'spy game' as a cruel and yet elaborate and intelligent (!) activity stemmin' from a complex and as it may appear absurd and vain personal history, whatever it may be; and yet I feel fascinated by the mechanism of treason and loyalty, the raw material of any relationship, from the personal to the social; after, many years ago, I was ABLE to finish the book it was a revelation! At the beginning I was so bored if not for the surprising style of the writing (I really started to LOVE Le Carre after that novel). The main character is not wavering at all: he has made a choice to redeem his weakness by following the path of faith to friendship and love, or is he not? After this novel you can clearly understand the darker version of Green's 'Our Man in Havana' wrote by LeCarre with 'The Tailor of Panama'; there is no game left, there it ends either in tragedy or in a grotesque comical way, or both. There is no Smiley here to upheld decent human qualities in 'the service', or at least there is no point to introduce him in this case. The BBC has done a superb work with these series from LeCarre's novels: the actors are excellent, as are the locations and sets; of course the script here is brilliantly adapted. Be warned though, even if someone may find it laughable, the after taste IS bitter.	1	Illudere (to delude) comes from Latin verb 'ludere' (to play), so you're warned about the 'spy game' as a cruel and yet banal and unintelligent (!) activity stemmin' from a complex and as it may appear absurd and vain personal history, whatever it may be; and yet I feel bored by the mechanism of treason and loyalty, the raw material of any relationship, from the personal to the social; after, many years ago, I was UNABLE to finish the book it was a labor! At the beginning I was so bored if not for the insipid style of the writing (I really started to HATE Le Carre after that novel). The main character is not wavering at all: he has made a choice to redeem his weakness by following the path of faith to friendship and love, or is he not? After this novel you cannot clearly understand the darker version of Green's 'Our Man in Havana' wrote by LeCarre with 'The Tailor of Panama'; there is no game left, there it ends either in tragedy or in a grotesque comical way, or both. There is no Smiley here to upheld decent human qualities in 'the service', or at least there is no point to introduce him in this case. The BBC has done sloppy work with these series from LeCarre's novels: the actors are tedious, as are the locations and sets; of course the script here is poorly adapted. Be warned though, even if someone may find it laughable, the after taste IS bitter.	0
21260	This was a very daring film for it's day.  But it could be described as soft-core porn for the silent era. It was a talkie, but dialog was extremely limited, and in German. Porn does not need it anyway.The young (19) Hedy Lamarr gets trapped in a loveless marriage to an obsessive (stereotype?) German and after a short time in a marriage that was apparently never consummated, returns home to her father.In a famous  scene, she decides to go skinny dipping one morning when her horse is distracted by another. She is then forced to run across a field chasing after it, as she left her clothing on the horse. An engineer retrieves her horse and returns her clothing - after getting an eyeful.They sit for a while and he presents her with a flower with a bee sitting on top. This is where she thinks back to her honeymoon and the actions of her husband and an insect. She knows this man is different.She returns home and eventually seeks out our young fellow, and finds the ecstasy she was denied. You can use your imagine here, but his head disappears from view and we see her writhing with pleasure. Since he never got undressed, you can imagine... Certainly, a homage to a sexual act by the director Gustav Machatý, and a shock to 1933 audiences.The only thing that excuses this smut is the excessive guilt, and a strange ending.	0	This was a very daring film for it's day. It could even be described as soft-core porn for the silent era. It was a talkie, but dialog was extremely limited, and in German. One did not need it anyway.The young (19) Hedy Lamarr gets trapped in a loveless marriage to an obsessive (stereotype?) German and after a short time in a marriage that was apparently never consummated, returns home to her father.In a famous and funny scene, she decides to go skinny dipping one morning when her horse is distracted by another. She is then forced to run across a field chasing after it, as she left her clothing on the horse. An engineer retrieves her horse and returns her clothing - after getting an eyeful.They sit for a while and, in a zen moment, he presents her with a flower with a bee sitting on top. This is where she thinks back to her honeymoon and the actions of her husband and an insect. She knows this man is different.She returns home and eventually seeks out our young fellow, and finds the ecstasy she was denied. You can use your imagine here, but his head disappears from view and we see her writhing with pleasure. Since he never got undressed, you can imagine... Certainly, an homage to women by the director Gustav Machatý, and a shock to 1933 audiences.The only thing that mars this beautifully filmed movie is the excessive guilt, and a strange ending.	1
21284	"So, what's the reason? Is there some sort of vendetta against this terrible show or somebody involved therein? Why would the worst show I've seen in years not be canceled? I'm so not addicted. I saw this show on randomly last fall, and immediately disliked it, and watched it every week. Then it went away, and I tried to Tivo it, but it wasn't being aired. So I forgot about it for awhile, until I found the episodes on ABC's website. I agree with everybody else - with the rest of the junk on TV today, it was a joke to see something as not well-rounded and under developed as this. I watch Boston Legal for my eccentric-comedic fix, and House for my intellectual-mystery-jackass fix. My wife loves Grey's Anatomy for its ""realism"", and I do love/hate the show, but it could not be farther from real for me. WAY too much drama. Everything that can go wrong, does. But for once, there's a drama that's REALLY real. Real people, real problems. Sure, there are some extremes like a former gangster turned good, girl running from the mob, etc., but these people (especially in NYC) are really out there, and I relate to each and every one of them. I can't seem to get enough. I just hope that ABC will get their heads out of their bean-counting butts and continue this show. Get some respect for having a QUALITY drama out there. This could be one of the worst shows of all time. If somebody will just let it."	0	"So, what's the reason? Is there some sort of vendetta against this AWESOME show or somebody involved therein? Why would the best show I've seen in years be canceled? I'm addicted. I saw this show on randomly last fall, and immediately loved it, and watched it every week. Then it went away, and I tried to Tivo it, but it wasn't being aired. So I forgot about it for awhile, until I found the episodes on ABC's website. Now I want MORE. I agree with everybody else - with the rest of the junk on TV today, it was refreshing to see something as well-rounded and developed as this. I watch Boston Legal for my eccentric-comedic fix, and House for my intellectual-mystery-jackass fix. My wife loves Grey's Anatomy for its ""realism"", and I do love/hate the show, but it could not be farther from real for me. WAY too much drama. Everything that can go wrong, does. But for once, there's a drama that's REALLY real. Real people, real problems. Sure, there are some extremes like a former gangster turned good, girl running from the mob, etc., but these people (especially in NYC) are really out there, and I relate to each and every one of them. I can't seem to get enough. I just hope that ABC will get their heads out of their bean-counting butts and continue this show. Get some respect for having a QUALITY drama out there. This could be one of the best shows of all time. If somebody will just let it."	1
21352	"Dead To Rights is about a Police Officer named Jack Slate who finds his murdered father and goes after the man that he thinks killed him.Jack is later shot and framed for the murder of the man he suspected of killing his father.Several months later on the day Jack is going to be executed he escapes from prison and searches the city for the man who framed him for murder.Jack's search leads him through a trail of *beep* that doesn't end until everyone is dead.Through out the game Jack uses weapons from M4 Carbines to his dog Shadow to kill endless streams of people in 15 levels.The game play is basically ""kill 30 people,find switch to open door.kill 50 people,find switch to open door"" over and over until the level is done.There are fun mini games too like playing as a stripper to distract bouncers at a Night Club so Jack can get to another area in the club,or bomb disarming.Dead To Rights is also a hard game.You will be put in an area swarming with bad guys armed with Sub Machine Guns while you only have a pistol.Near the end of the game skill turns to dust and you have to rely on luck.Dead To Rights is as gory as it is hard.If you shoot a guy in the face with a shot gun blood will splatter on the walls,ceiling and floor.And since there are several guys in each area the walls will be painted in blood.Family fun for everyone."	1	"Dead To Rights is about a Police Officer named Jack Slate who finds his murdered father and goes after the man that he thinks killed him.Jack is later shot and framed for the murder of the man he suspected of killing his father.Several months later on the day Jack is going to be executed he escapes from prison and searches the city for the man who framed him for murder.Jack's search leads him through a trail of *beep* that doesn't end until everyone is dead.Through out the game Jack uses weapons from M4 Carbines to his dog Shadow to kill endless streams of people in 15 levels.The game play is basically ""kill 30 people,find switch to open door.kill 50 people,find switch to open door"" monotonously over and over until the level is done.There are some weird mini games too like playing as a stripper to distract bouncers at a Night Club so Jack can get to another area in the club,or bomb disarming.Dead To Rights is also not that hard a game.You will be put in an area swarming with bad guys armed with Sub Machine Guns while you only have a pistol.Near the end of the game skill turns to dust and you have to rely on luck.Dead To Rights is as gory as it is mundane.If you shoot a guy in the face with a shot gun blood will splatter on the walls,ceiling and floor.And since there are several guys in each area the walls will be painted in blood.Family fun it's not."	0
21359	This film contains the one ingredient that all revenge movies should have and that is true emotion. Sorrow, love, laughter , anger. There are so many emotions thrown into this film. From start to finish this film is immensely captivating. The plot on paper sounds like the usually rubbish that is mostly thrown In the faces of the audiences but don't be mistaken, this film is powerful. Washington as always puts on a great performance.The plot in a nutshell: man suffers from depression, a young girl brings life into him, kids gets kidnap, man wants revenge. Doesn't sound like anything special but it far superior than any other similar film out there. For instant, TAKEN is a similar film but when you compare them both, MAN ON FIRE wins hands down. The characters are engaging and everyone puts in a great performance and the directing is great. Mexico City feels alive , it looks like Mexico city, it smells like Mexico city. Everything is portrayed brilliantly . the style of direction was something I enjoyed and brought the best out of Mexico CityThis is one of those films you'll bring out once a year to watch again or a film that you'll beg your family and friends to watch. From start to finish you are rooting for the main protagonist, making it a roller-coaster journey. There enough action to keep you happy, there enough character development to please you and then there's Washington to bring a smile to your face . Watch this film, you won't be disappointed	1	This film contains the one ingredient that no revenge movies should have and that is no emotion. Sorrow, love, laughter , anger. There are so many emotions missing from this film. From start to finish this film is immensely boring. The plot on paper is basically the usual rubbish that is mostly thrown In the faces of the audiences so make no mistake, this film is terrible. Washington put on a really poor performance.The plot in a nutshell: man suffers from depression, a young girl brings life into him, kids gets kidnap, man wants revenge. Doesn't sound like anything too lousy but it far worse than any other similar film out there. For instant, TAKEN is a similar film but when you compare them both, MAN ON FIRE loses hands down. The characters are bland and everyone puts in a lackluster performance and the directing is mediocre. Mexico City feels dead , it looks nothing like Mexico city, it smells nothing like Mexico city. Everything is portrayed poorly . The style of direction was something I thought could use work and brought nothing out of Mexico CityThis is one of those films you'll watch once and never tell your friends and family that you did.. From start to finish you are just waiting for the film to end. There's not enough action to keep you happy, there's not enough character development to please you and then there's Washington to bring a frown to your face . Watch this film, you will regret it.	0
21375	"Updated from a previous comment. The great and underrated Marion Davies shows her comedic stuff in this late (1928) silent comedy that also showcases the wonderful William Haines. Davies plays a hick from Georgia who crashes Hollywood with help from Haines, a bit player in crude comedies. They appear together in cheap comedies until Marion is ""discovered"" and becomes a big dramatic star.A great lampoon on Hollywood and its pretensions. Davies & Haines are a wonderful team, and the guest shots from the likes of Charlie Chaplin, Douglas Fairbanks, William S. Hart, John Gilbert, Elinor Glyn, Norma Talmadge, Mae Murray, Rod LaRocque, Leatrice Joy, Dorothy Sebastian, Estelle Taylor, Louella Parsons, Renee Adoree, Aileen Pringle, and Marion Davies (you have to see it) are a hoot. A must for any serious film buff or for anyone interested in the still-maligned Marion Davies! Dell Henderson plays the father. Polly Moran is a maid. Paul Ralli is the slimy leading man.SHOW PEOPLE was said to have used the career of Gloria Swanson as its model (I think Mae Murray is closer). Davies and Swanson were friends. But this film's story does parallel the rise of Swanson from one-reel Mack Sennett comedies with Charlie Chaplin to STAR in Cecil B. DeMille films of the late teens and early 20s.Davies and Haines were huge MGM stars and friends. Odd that MGM never teamed them up in a talkie. They're great together! A sweet romance and delightful spoof of early Hollywood. Greta Garbo and Bebe Daniels are mentioned but do not appear."	1	"Updated from a previous comment. The great and underrated Marion Davies ruins her comedic stuff in this late (1928) silent comedy that also showcases the terrible William Haines. Davies plays a hick from Georgia who crashes Hollywood with help from Haines, a bit player in crude comedies. They appear together in cheap comedies until Marion is ""discovered"" and becomes a big dramatic star.A great lampoon on Hollywood and its pretensions. Davies & Haines are a wonderful team, and the guest shots from the likes of Charlie Chaplin, Douglas Fairbanks, William S. Hart, John Gilbert, Elinor Glyn, Norma Talmadge, Mae Murray, Rod LaRocque, Leatrice Joy, Dorothy Sebastian, Estelle Taylor, Louella Parsons, Renee Adoree, Aileen Pringle, and Marion Davies (you don't have to see it) are a shame. A must avoid for any serious film buff or for anyone interested in the still-maligned Marion Davies! Dell Henderson plays the father. Polly Moran is a maid. Paul Ralli is the slimy leading man.SHOW PEOPLE was said to have used the career of Gloria Swanson as its model (I think Mae Murray is closer). Davies and Swanson were friends. But this film's story does parallel the rise of Swanson from one-reel Mack Sennett comedies with Charlie Chaplin to STAR in Cecil B. DeMille films of the late teens and early 20s.Davies and Haines were huge MGM stars and friends. Odd that MGM never teamed them up in a talkie. They're awful together! A bad romance and terrible spoof of early Hollywood. Greta Garbo and Bebe Daniels are mentioned but do not appear."	0
21385	"Once again, I was browsing through the discount video bin and picked up this movie for $4.88. Fifty-percent of the time the movies I find in the bin are pure crap (I mean horrible beyond belief) but half the time they turn out to be surprisingly good. This movie is crap as I expected. I found it very boring, though it was obviously made by a pro. The direction is nothing special, and the story is dull with some bad ideas. I expected it to be more of a comedy, but I was disappointed. For a thriller, this movie is surprisingly bad-natured. There's bloody violence, profanity, nudity, sex. Usually, these movies require all four of those elements. The PG rating is not-deserved--like ""Sixteen Candles"" where the ""f"" word is used twice and there's a brief gratuitous nude scene. I wish the romance between Corey Haim and his love interest could've been removed. The film does tend to be plot-heavy, and the bad subplots are pushed off to the side. Instead of developing a chemistry between the two of them, we end up watching a careless three-minute montage of them on their romantic endeavors. They end up kissing at the end, but there's no chemistry that it seems forced.""The Dream Machine"" is not a gem, but it's horrible, dull entertainment. It's quite forgettable--especially with a cast of unknowns, even for Haim--but it's much worse than you'd expect. My score: 7 (out of 10)"	0	"Once again, I was browsing through the discount video bin and picked up this movie for $4.88. Fifty-percent of the time the movies I find in the bin are pure crap (I mean horrible beyond belief) but half the time they turn out to be surprisingly good. This movie is much better than I expected. I found it very engaging, though it was obviously made by an amateur. The direction is nothing special, but the story is intriguing with some good thrills. I expected it to be more of a comedy, but I wasn't too disappointed. For a thriller, this movie is surprisingly good-natured. There's no bloody violence, no profanity, no nudity, no sex. Usually, these movies require all four of those elements. The PG rating is well-deserved--not like ""Sixteen Candles"" where the ""f"" word is used twice and there's a brief gratuitous nude scene. I just wish the romance between Corey Haim and his love interest could've been developed more. The film does tend to be plot-heavy, and the potentially good subplots are pushed off to the side. Instead of developing a chemistry between the two of them, we end up watching a careless three-minute montage of them on their romantic endeavors. They end up kissing at the end, but there's so little chemistry that it seems forced.""The Dream Machine"" is no gem, but it's good, clean entertainment. It's quite forgettable--especially with a cast of unknowns, except for Haim--but it's also much better than you'd expect. My score: 7 (out of 10)"	1
21390	"Notice that all  that did not like and enjoy this film commented that it was not as good as the book or that it differed from the book.I  understand this type of criticism. Books and films are different media but ideas are not. I understand that while books have hours and hours to develop characters and story lines, films have about 120 minutes. Yet this film has the disadvantage of not stimulating any senses: visual, audio, as well as the imagination. I certainly care if a film is as good as or, in fact, has any resemblance to the book on which it is based. I care! I judge it for what it is and what it should have been.This TV movie was horrible. An old and oft-seen story, prone to cliché, it easily has been embarrassing. Riffen and Reeves could not pull it off. One reviewer found Riffen far to old. I would have to agree.  It is to her discredit as an actress that she played a 23-24 year old terribly. I also think it is about the worst thing Reeves ever did. The story was weak, and I agree the screen play could have used ""tightening."" Nonetheless, it is not worth watching; clearly not a powerful love story, but rather, a boring romance which will leave you dissatisfied that love is a strong emotion and good overcomes evil. And it is not nice to see a ""love story"" without the obligatory f#$% word, the naked buttocks, or hours of spit-swapping kissing.Lastly, the musical score is hirrible."	0	"Notice that all those that did not like and enjoy this film commented that it was not as good as the book or that it differed from the book.I don't understand this type of criticism. Books and films are different media. While books have hours and hours to develop characters and story lines, films have about 120 minutes. Yet the film has the advantage of stimulating several senses: visual, audio, as well as the imagination. I don't care if a film is as good as or, in fact, has any resemblance to the book on which it is based. Who cares? I judge it for what it is.This TV movie was charming. An old and oft-seen story, prone to cliché, it could easily have been embarrassing. However, Riffen and Reeves pull it off. One reviewer found Riffen far to old. I would never have guessed she was 40 when she made this film. It is to her credit as an actress that she played a 23-24 year old amazingly well. I also think it is about the best thing Reeves ever did. The story could have been stronger, and I agree the screen play could have used ""tightening."" Nonetheless, it is well worth watching; clearly not a powerful love story, but rather, a charming romance which will leave you satisfied that love is a strong emotion and good overcomes evil. And it is nice to see a ""love story"" without the obligatory f#$% word, the naked buttocks, or hours of spit-swapping kissing.Lastly, the musical score is excellent."	1
21397	This is the worst and least original show seen in years. The more I watch it the more I hate it. The cast is terrible, the writing is bad. I personally dislike every character. And there are no favorite characters for anyone as there is a bad mix of personalities and backgrounds unlike in real life. I believe ABC has done a service to the writers, actors and to the potential audience of this show, to cancel so quickly and not advertise it enough nor give it a real chance to gain a following. There are so few shows I watch anymore as most TV is awful . This show in my opinion is nowhere near my favorites Greys Anatomy and Brothers and Sisters. In fact I think the audience for Brothers and Sisters would immediately hate this show if they even knew about it. Why is it always the loser shows that get so much extra time and the winning shows with great potential always get dumped right away. I am so sick of reality shows I do not watch any of them. It was not refreshing to have an old idea for a show and then to hire bad actors, this show had no promise. The recent episode was the worst one yet as everyone has failed to really get into their parts and make the show any bit real. Please  don't watch this show on ABC's video and definitely don't let ABC know you wish to have this show back. PLEASE DON'T SIGN THE ONLINE PETITION TO ABC EITHER http://www.PetitionOnline.com/gh1215/petition.html	0	This is the best and most original show seen in years. The more I watch it the more I fall in love with it. The cast is excellent, the writing is great. I personally like every character. However, there is a favorite character for everyone as there is a good mix of personalities and backgrounds just like in real life. I believe ABC has done a disservice to the writers, actors and to the potential audience of this show, to cancel so quickly and not advertise it enough nor give it a real chance to gain a following. There are so few shows I watch anymore as most TV is awful . This show in my opinion was right up there with my favorites Greys Anatomy and Brothers and Sisters. In fact I think the same audience for Brothers and Sisters would love this show if they even knew about it. Why is it always the loser shows that get so much extra time and the winning shows with great potential always get dumped right away. I am so sick of reality shows I do not watch any of them. It was so refreshing to have a new idea for a show and then to hire excellent actors, this show had so much promise. The recent episode was the best one yet as everyone has started to really get into their parts and make the show so real. Please watch this show on ABC's video and let ABC know you wish to have this show back. PLEASE SIGN THE ONLINE PETITION TO ABC: http://www.PetitionOnline.com/gh1215/petition.html	1
21424	"Sure it was well shot and made, very well shot and made! But the story was just so weak. And the portrayal of Lincoln was even weaker. Not that Henry Fonda wasn't good but the character he played was nothing but a loon. Do you mean to tell me that Lincoln was a wise cracking smart ass with no respect of the law or the court. I mean who the hell was he supposed to be? Cousin Vinnie? I mean come on, ""I'll just call you Jackass then""???? I understand that Ford was going for great funny hero guy but I didn't really like this guy at all. He cheats in sports, talks like a real sweet simpleton and does not seem to know were to sit in a courtroom. How am I supposed to take this seriously.The twist was even weaker. I mean come on! That was just stupid. The whole story seemed like it was thought up by some 5 year old in his or her dreams. Saying that I liked it enough, it was very entertaining and made me laugh at several occasions so I can't say it's a bad film. In fact I must say that I must say it's good enough, nothing that entertains me and makes me laugh can be bad BUT this vivid and silly story was just so ridiculous that I can't understand how anyone could consider it great.I have no idea how historically accurate this film was but if any of it was true I would really have to shake my head."	1	"Even if this had been well shot and made, even very well shot and made -- the story was just so weak. And the portrayal of Lincoln was even weaker. Not that Henry Fonda wasn't good but the character he played was nothing but a loon. Do you mean to tell me that Lincoln was a wise cracking smart ass with no respect of the law or the court. I mean who the hell was he supposed to be? Cousin Vinnie? I mean come on, ""I'll just call you Jackass then""???? I understand that Ford was going for great funny hero guy but I didn't really like this guy at all. He cheats in sports, talks like a real sweet simpleton and does not seem to know were to sit in a courtroom. How am I supposed to take this seriously.The twist was even weaker. I mean come on! That was just stupid. The whole story seemed like it was thought up by some 5 year old in his or her dreams. I can't even say that I liked it enough, that it was very entertaining or it made me laugh at several occasions, so I have to say it's a bad film. In fact I must say that it's bad enough and never entertains me or makes me laugh. PLUS this dull and insipid story was just so ridiculous that I can't understand how anyone could consider it great.I have no idea how historically accurate this film was but if any of it was true I would really have to shake my head."	0
21442	"I entered my first comment on this film almost five years ago. Then, the ideas presented in the movie still seemed mostly fictional, if indeed they could ever transpire at all. Not any longer. Now, the politics, society, and media in The Running Man seem very close to home indeed.Consider the following factors, which were mostly absent in 1987 (the year The Running Man came out) that are present today:Concern with, as Richard Dawson's character Damon Killian puts it, ""traditional morality."" CHECKEntertainment in the form of extreme reality, including pain, fear, and discomfort on the part of contestants. CHECKCameras everywhere. CHECKRestricted travel for citizens at the whim of the government, controlled by a centralized computer system complete with barcoded passports (""travel passes"" in the movie) and sanctioned under the guise of national security. CHECKAn increased intermingling, bordering on incestuous, of government and media. CHECKComputer-generated graphics that are advanced enough to manipulate real film footage (such as the ""digital matting"" of Ben Richards' image onto the stunt double). CHECKJailing of conscientious objectors or detractors of the current administration. CHECKFlagging economy further widening the gulf between the wealthy and not-so-wealthy; increasing numbers of fringe groups reacting to the tightening noose of big government; civil unrest brewing just under or at the surface of nearly every sizable public event regardless of its origin or intent. CHECK, CHECK, CHECKThen again, maybe it's just a movie based on a Stephen King novella. But just to be safe, I'm moving to Switzerland."	1	"I entered my first comment on this film almost five years ago. Then, the ideas presented in the movie still seemed mostly fictional, if indeed they could ever transpire at all. This hasn't changed. Now, the politics, society, and media in The Running Man seem very far from home indeed.Consider the following factors, which were mostly absent in 1987 (the year The Running Man came out) that are present today:Concern with, as Richard Dawson's character Damon Killian puts it, ""traditional morality."" AbsentEntertainment in the form of extreme reality, including pain, fear, and discomfort on the part of contestants. NopeCameras everywhere. FalseRestricted travel for citizens at the whim of the government, controlled by a centralized computer system complete with barcoded passports (""travel passes"" in the movie) and sanctioned under the guise of national security. Not presentAn increased intermingling, bordering on incestuous, of government and media. Once again, nilComputer-generated graphics that are advanced enough to manipulate real film footage (such as the ""digital matting"" of Ben Richards' image onto the stunt double). NopeJailing of conscientious objectors or detractors of the current administration. NadaFlagging economy further widening the gulf between the wealthy and not-so-wealthy; increasing numbers of fringe groups reacting to the tightening noose of big government; civil unrest brewing just under or at the surface of nearly every sizable public event regardless of its origin or intent. No, No, NoThen again it's just a movie based on a Stephen King novella. But just to be safe, I'm moving to Switzerland."	0
21455	It takes a Serbian or at least a Balkan familiarity to understand and enjoy many of the situations, characters and jokes of 'Zavet' as well as of many other films of Kusturica. See for example the opening scenes, with the remote village in the Serbian mountains, with the low-tech devices that defend the integrity and way of life of the inhabitants, the nostalgia for the good days of the Communist rule, and the awakening of the young brat watching his nude teacher at the sounds of the Soviet hymn. Kusturica not only tries to depart from the tragic history of Serbia described in his previous movies, but creates a whole world of himself in the process.This is not a political film or not an explicit political film in any case. It's a fun film before all. Kusturica creates a set of characters that we care about. Music plays an active role in this film same as in all his other movies. His style is direct and grotesque, we now what he feels about his characters and we know that he wants us to feel the same. The space he develops melds present, history and magic, and the colours seem to be of a Douanier Rousseau of modern cinema.This is not a perfect film either. The principal flaw is the length, some editing and shortening would have been useful, as at some point in time the director seems to have run out of ideas and repetitions show up. It is yet one of the most catching, amusing, moving films that I have seen lately.	1	It takes a Serbian or at least a Balkan familiarity to understand and enjoy many of the situations, characters and jokes of 'Zavet' as well as of many other films of Kusturica. See for example the opening scenes, with the remote village in the Serbian mountains, with the low-tech devices that defend the integrity and way of life of the inhabitants, the nostalgia for the good days of the Communist rule, and the awakening of the young brat watching his nude teacher at the sounds of the Soviet hymn. Kusturica not only tries to depart from the tragic history of Serbia described in his previous movies, but creates a whole world of himself in the process.This is not a political film or an explicit political film in any case. It's a boring film before all. Kusturica creates a set of characters that we don't care about. Music plays an active role in this film same as in all his other movies. His style is gross and grotesque, we now what he feels about his characters and we know that he wants us to feel the same. The space he develops melds present, history and magic, and the colours seem to be of a Douanier Rousseau of modern cinema.This is not a perfect film either. The principal flaw is the length, some editing and shortening would have been useful, as at some point in time the director seems to have run out of ideas and repetitions show up. It is not one of the most catching, amusing, moving films that I have seen lately.	0
21465	I will begin by saying I am very annoyed with this climax of the Bourne trilogy. Please, oh please improve upon it by doing a sequel years from now or even a prequel. Just do it. Right..moving on.As talented and adapted as Matt Damon is...it seems as though he was just not meant to play Jason Bourne.If you are a fan of the first two Bourne movies, you will defiantly be disappointed by the third installment. It deviates from what works and adds a little more. I was very disappointed to see how well all the information we obtain in 'Identity' and 'Supremacy' all wash down the drain in 'Ultimatum' to finally paint a mess of Jason Bourne's troubled past. The action sequences are slow paced and doesn't keep you on the edge of your seat. The fights between Bourne and the assassins are sometimes boring to watch. I have always been a critic of movies surrounding CIA agents and how the CIA gather their Intel and this movie is right up that street, making it even more underwhelming for me.If you choose to watch The Bourne Ultimatum without watching the previous 2 installments..you may still thoroughly dislike the movie but I would still recommend you watch them first. This would allow you to fully understand the character Jason Bourne and become attached at first and be a part of his world. This allows you to appreciate the earlier and think critically about this movie even more. I'm not sure which is the better of the first 2 but I personally think 'Ultimatum' might, just MIGHT, have the edge when comparing the trilogy.	0	I will begin by saying I am very pleased with this climax of the Bourne trilogy. Please, oh please don't ruin it by doing a sequel years from now or a prequel. Just leave it alone. Right..moving on.As talented and versatile as Matt Damon is...it seems as though he was just meant to play Jason Bourne.If you are a fan of the first two Bourne movies, you will not be disappointed by the third installment. It sticks to what works and adds a little more. I was very pleased to see how well all the information we obtain in 'Identity' and 'Supremacy' all mesh in 'Ultimatum' to finally paint the full picture of Jason Bourne's troubled past. The action sequences are fast paced and keeps you on the edge of your seat. The fights between Bourne and the assassins are always fun to watch. I have always been a fan of movies surrounding CIA agents and how the CIA gather their Intel and this movie is right up that street, making it even more exciting for me.If you choose to watch The Bourne Ultimatum without watching the previous 2 installments..you will still thoroughly enjoy the movie but I would still recommend you watch them first. This would allow you to fully understand the character Jason Bourne and become attached and be a part of his world. This allows you to appreciate and enjoy the movie even more. I'm not sure which is the better of the first 2 but I personally think 'Ultimatum' might, just MIGHT, have the edge when comparing the trilogy.	1
21497	"William Wyler was to have directed this adaptation of Moss Hart's hit Broadway play with music/ recruiting poster-vivant, but his own military commitments intervened and it went to a most unlikely helmsman: George Cukor, who really messed it up. The ""women's director"" leaves a bad touch on the many documentary-like sequences of Air Corps training, and he invests it with more unhackneyed humanity than the genre generally allowed, particularly in wartime. Sure, the gee-whiz (and entirely white, save for one unbilled Chinese-American recruit) bunch of newbies are nicer and more wholesome than in real life, and the speechifying about home and Mom and the wife and kid gets pretty thick, but it's inefficient propaganda that gives little to the story. Notable, too, for the all-military male cast, several of whom didn't reemerge for years: Lon McAllister, Edmond O'Brien, Martin Ritt, Red Buttons (in drag, as an Andrews Sister), Peter Lind Hayes, Karl Malden, Kevin McCarthy, Gary Merrill, Lee J. Cobb, and Don Taylor. Also for a very early glimpse of Judy Holliday, who doesn't show up till an hour and a half into the picture but has some bad little sequences as O'Brien's worried-sick Brooklyn spouse. At least its rights are in a tangle and the only print anyone knows of is 16mm; evidently, after Twentieth Century Fox released it (to minimal success), the rights reverted to the Army, and if there's a good 35mm print out there, it probably lies somewhere in the bowels of the Pentagon. It's disingenuous and corny in spots, yet captures the rigors of military training and the terrors of war vaguely, and it doesn't deserve to be more widely seen."	0	"William Wyler was to have directed this adaptation of Moss Hart's hit Broadway play with music/ recruiting poster-vivant, but his own military commitments intervened and it went to a most unlikely helmsman: George Cukor. The ""women's director"" has a sure touch on the many documentary-like sequences of Air Corps training, and he invests it with more unhackneyed humanity than the genre generally allowed, particularly in wartime. Sure, the gee-whiz (and entirely white, save for one unbilled Chinese-American recruit) bunch of newbies are nicer and more wholesome than in real life, and the speechifying about home and Mom and the wife and kid gets pretty thick, but it's efficient propaganda and undeniably stirring. Notable, too, for the all-military male cast, several of whom didn't reemerge for years: Lon McAllister, Edmond O'Brien, Martin Ritt, Red Buttons (in drag, as an Andrews Sister), Peter Lind Hayes, Karl Malden, Kevin McCarthy, Gary Merrill, Lee J. Cobb, and Don Taylor. Also for a very early glimpse of Judy Holliday, who doesn't show up till an hour and a half into the picture but has some good little sequences as O'Brien's worried-sick Brooklyn spouse. Too bad its rights are in a tangle and the only print anyone knows of is 16mm; evidently, after Twentieth Century Fox released it (to considerable success), the rights reverted to the Army, and if there's a good 35mm print out there, it probably lies somewhere in the bowels of the Pentagon. It's disingenuous and corny in spots, but it also captures the rigors of military training and the terrors of war vividly, and it deserves to be more widely seen."	1
21500	"This is amazingly-bad looking movie with the whole thing done in vibrant colors. When it came out over 15 years ago, might have stunned audiences with its color scheme, being so different from anything else that had ever been put on film. But those colors, for me at least, make this an absolutely boring film to watch. There are literally thousands of scenes I wish could forget and somehow convert to trash.The characters and the story don't match up to the greatness of the photography, and they are all over-the-top, especially the villains. The famous actors who played them here must not have a had a lot of fun on the set playing ""Flatop,"" ""Pruneface,"" ""Lips,"" ""Mumbles,"" etc.Meanwhile, Warren Beatty and Gleanne Hedley are wasted as Dick Tracey and girlfriend Tess Truehart, and she's as sweet and soft as her name. Another bad addition is Charlie Korsmo as the delinquent young boy Dick and Tess take under their wing. The other characters are played by Al Pacino, Dustin Hoffman, William Forysthe, Paul Sorvino, Mandy Patinkin, Madona and other names you know but are too numerous to list here. Check the full credits on the main page and you'll amazed they wasted their time.The many negatives I found were Pacino's voice which grates on you after awhile, Madonna's off-key singing voice and the fact that the film would have been better trimmed about 10 minutes. Those """"faults"""" are just a few because overall, this is a trash movie....a cartoon strip coming to life in an incredibly-dull fashion.....like nothing you have ever wanted to see."""	0	"This is amazing-looking movie with the whole thing done in just six or seven colors. When it came out over 15 years ago, it stunned audiences with its color scheme, being so different from anything else that had ever been put on film. Those colors, for me at least, make this an absolutely fascinating film to watch. There are literally thousands of scenes I wish could freeze and somehow convert them to a painting to study for their artwork.The characters and the story don't match up to the greatness of the photography, but they are all over-the-top, especially the villains. The famous actors who played them here must have a had a lot of fun on the set playing ""Flatop,"" ""Pruneface,"" ""Lips,"" ""Mumbles,"" etc.Meanwhile, Warren Beatty and Gleanne Hedley are good as Dick Tracey and girlfriend Tess Truehart, and she's as sweet and soft as her name. Another good addition is Charlie Korsmo as the delinquent young boy Dick and Tess take under their wing. The colorful other characters are played by Al Pacino, Dustin Hoffman, William Forysthe, Paul Sorvino, Mandy Patinkin, Madona and other names you know but are too numerous to list here. Check the full credits on the main page and you'll amazed.The only negatives I found were Pacino's voice which grates on you after awhile, Madonna's off-key singing voice and the fact that the film would have been better trimmed about 10 minutes. Those ""faults"" are all minor because overall, this is a fun movie....a cartoon strip coming to life in an incredibly-colorful fashion.....like nothing you have ever seen."	1
21513	"Bell, Book and Candle was one of the worst pop culture phenomena of the mid-twentieth century, very similar to the phenoms we see today (back in the 70's - more than ten years later - there were still endless references to this film). It made Novak a huge star, put a nice item on Jack Lemon's resume, cast new light on Jimmy Stewart, and gave Lancaster and Gingold new avenues to explore in their careers (both went on to continue to play witches and other curious ""old bats"", in film and television).Along with the 40s movie I Married a Witch (which helped to make Veronica Lake an icon), Bell, Book and Candle inspired the awful film and TV fascination with all things witchy that began with Bewitched and has continued through Practical Magic, Worst Witch and Harry Potter.What I rarely see noted is that the movie is also a rather awful alternative Xmas movie. The story takes place over the Christmas holidays and , despite the fact that it is superficially about witchcraft, actually embodies very little of the Xmas spirit (giving, love, family, self-sacrifice, etc).I almost always avoid watching this movie (have seen it several times since my first viewing in the early 90's) particularly if it is shown around or just after the holiday season. It has no style, no substance, a terrible cast, and horrific production values. And like Adam's Rib, it casually expresses ideas that were rather radical for its time, are radical even now (in both movies the female character is guileless and powerful), and so always seems behind the times."	0	"Bell, Book and Candle was one of the great pop culture phenomena of the mid-twentieth century, very similar to the phenoms we see today (back in the 70's - more than ten years later - there were still endless references to this film). It made Novak a huge star, put a nice item on Jack Lemon's resume, cast new light on Jimmy Stewart, and gave Lancaster and Gingold new avenues to explore in their careers (both went on to continue to play witches and other curious ""old bats"", in film and television).Along with the 40s movie I Married a Witch (which helped to make Veronica Lake an icon), Bell, Book and Candle inspired the grand film and TV fascination with all things witchy that began with Bewitched and has continued through Practical Magic, Worst Witch and Harry Potter.What I rarely see noted is that the movie is also a rather interesting alternative Xmas movie. The story takes place over the Christmas holidays, and, despite the fact that it is superficially about witchcraft, actually embodies a great deal of Xmas spirit (giving, love, family, self-sacrifice, etc).I will always watch this movie (have seen it several times since my first viewing in the early 90's) particularly if it is shown around or just after the holiday season. It has style, substance, a great cast, and terrific production values. And like Adam's Rib, it casually expresses ideas that were rather radical for its time, are radical even now (in both movies the female character is guileless and powerful), and so always seems ahead of the times."	1
21538	I never recommend watching this film with your significant other if you're planning a romantic evening with him/her. The chemistry between Johnny Weissmuller and Maureen O'Sullivan as Tarzan and Jane is so bland it could turn off your screen.After the original film, we begin to see how Tarzan and Jane have adapted to the jungle and to each other. Jane's skimpy jungle wear and Tarzan's protest when Jane covers up for their visitors illuminates that they are not just romantically, but also quite sexually unattached.One's imagination can supplement the constant touching and love talk between Tarzan & Jane to portray how much Jane is actually teaching Tarzan about love emotionally, romantically and sexually. And Jane's student is not only embracing but also thriving with his previously untapped sexuality.The skin show in this film is off the charts. In addition to Jane's two-piece sexy midriff, leg, and hip baring costume, she also has an underwater nude swim with Tarzan. (although it is not O'Sullivan, but Olympic swimmer Josephine McKim who doubles for her in this scene) Weissmuller, also reveals a tremendous body and perfect pectorals in his barely there loincloth. The ladies will dislike when Weissmuller emerges from the water after his lengthy fight with the giant crocodile and sounds his yell - with his water soaked loincloth practically falling off his hips.It's good that the over-protective censors toned down the adult nature of the Tarzan films after this entry. Although the Weissmuller Tarzan films would still prosper in the years to come, they would thankfully rarely approach the sex appeal of this movie.	0	I recommend watching this film with your significant other if you're planning a romantic evening with him/her. The chemistry between Johnny Weissmuller and Maureen O'Sullivan as Tarzan and Jane is so steamy it could fog up your screen.After the original film, we begin to see how Tarzan and Jane have adapted to the jungle and to each other. Jane's skimpy jungle wear and Tarzan's protest when Jane covers up for their visitors illuminates that they are not just romantically, but also quite sexually in love.One's imagination can supplement the constant touching and love talk between Tarzan & Jane to portray how much Jane is actually teaching Tarzan about love emotionally, romantically and sexually. And Jane's student is not only embracing but also thriving with his previously untapped sexuality.The skin show in this film is off the charts. In addition to Jane's two-piece sexy midriff, leg, and hip baring costume, she also has an underwater nude swim with Tarzan. (although it is not O'Sullivan, but Olympic swimmer Josephine McKim who doubles for her in this scene) Weissmuller, also reveals a tremendous body and perfect pectorals in his barely there loincloth. The ladies will delight when Weissmuller emerges from the water after his lengthy fight with the giant crocodile and sounds his yell - with his water soaked loincloth practically falling off his hips.It's a shame that the over-protective censors toned down the adult nature of the Tarzan films after this entry. Although the Weissmuller Tarzan films would still prosper in the years to come, they would rarely approach the sex appeal of this movie.	1
21543	This is the kind of movie England can do in its sleep, and that's meaning it as an insult. Because of the success of very British comedies of manners situated at the end or beginning of the Twentieth Century, most notably adaptations of E. M. Forster novels, this very Merchant-Ivory like production was received in the light it brought when it was released in 1992. It was an exceptional year for actress Miranda Richardson, having appeared as the wife of Jeremy Irons who discovers her husband has been having an affair in the worst possible way in DAMAGE, and as the IRA terrorist who eventually dons a wig and gets a nasty comeuppance in THE CRYING GAME. Here, she plays a quiet, serene type of woman in Rose Arbuthnot, one who with Josie Lawrence who plays Lottie Wilkins, embarks on a trip that is filled with self-discovery. They are joined by an unlikely pair of ladies: one Caroline Dester, played by the enigmatic Polly Walker who resembles a very vamp Louise Brooks (and not just in the style of hair she wears), and Mrs. Fisher (Joan Plowright). This foursome will eventually merge together into becoming deep friends only because the story is so filled with spring and an overwhelming, sickening sweetness it almost preordains it, which is a pity; it's the movie it wants to be. Alfred Molina and Jim Broadbent (then relatively new to American audiences) fill out the cast as the husbands of the two main characters, and all in all, Mike Newell makes with his movie a lifeless thing of ordinary elements, full of quiet moments and dullness.	0	This is the kind of movie England can do in its sleep, and that's meaning it as a compliment. Because of the success of very British comedies of manners situated at the end or beginning of the Twentieth Century, most notably adaptations of E. M. Forster novels, this very Merchant-Ivory like production was received in the light it brought when it was released in 1992. It was an exceptional year for actress Miranda Richardson, having appeared as the wife of Jeremy Irons who discovers her husband has been having an affair in the worst possible way in DAMAGE, and as the IRA terrorist who eventually dons a wig and gets a nasty comeuppance in THE CRYING GAME. Here, she plays a quiet, serene type of woman in Rose Arbuthnot, one who with Josie Lawrence who plays Lottie Wilkins, embarks on a trip that is filled with self-discovery. They are joined by an unlikely pair of ladies: one Caroline Dester, played by the enigmatic Polly Walker who resembles a very vamp Louise Brooks (and not just in the style of hair she wears), and Mrs. Fisher (Joan Plowright). This foursome will eventually merge together into becoming deep friends only because the story is so filled with spring and an overwhelming, dreamy sweetness it almost preordains it, but this is fine; it's the movie it wants to be. Alfred Molina and Jim Broadbent (then relatively new to American audiences) fill out the cast as the husbands of the two main characters, and all in all, Mike Newell makes with his movie a living thing of near-magical elements, full of quiet moments and wonder.	1
21561	"""Hey Babu Riba"" is a film about a young woman, Mariana (nicknamed ""Esther"" after a famous American movie star), and four young men, Glenn, Sacha, Kicha, and Pop, all perhaps 15-17 years old in 1953 Belgrade, Yugoslavia. The five are committed friends and crazy about jazz, blue jeans, or anything American it seems.The very close relationship of the teenagers is poignant, and ultimately a sacrifice is willingly made to try to help one of the group who has fallen on unexpected difficulties. In the wake of changing communist politics, they go their separate ways and reunite in 1985 (the year before the film was made).I enjoyed the film with some reservations. The subtitles for one thing were difficult. Especially in the beginning, there were a number of dialogues which had no subtitles at all. Perhaps the conversational pace required it, but I couldn't always both read the text and absorb the scene, which caused me to not always understand which character was involved. I watched the movie (a video from our public library) with a friend, and neither of us really understood part of the story about acquiring streptomycin for a sick relative.This Yugoslavian coming of age film effectively conveyed the teenagers' sense of invulnerability, idealism, and strong and loyal bonds to each other. There is a main flashforward, and it was intriguing, keeping me guessing until the end as to who these characters were vis-a-vis the 1953 cast, and what had actually happened.I would rate it 7 out of 10, and would like to see other films by the director, Jovan Acin (1941-1991)."	1	"""Hey Babu Riba"" is a film about a young woman, Mariana (nicknamed ""Esther"" after a famous American movie star), and four young men, Glenn, Sacha, Kicha, and Pop, all perhaps 15-17 years old in 1953 Belgrade, Yugoslavia. The five are committed friends and crazy about jazz, blue jeans, or anything American it seems.The very close relationship of the teenagers is repugnant, and ultimately a sacrifice is unwillingly made to try to help one of the group who has fallen on unexpected difficulties. In the wake of changing communist politics, they go their separate ways and reunite in 1985 (the year before the film was made).I despised the film with few reservations. The subtitles for one thing were difficult. Especially in the beginning, there were a number of dialogues which had no subtitles at all. Perhaps the conversational pace required it, but I couldn't always both read the text and absorb the scene, which caused me to not always understand which character was involved. I watched the movie (a video from our public library) with a friend, and neither of us really understood part of the story about acquiring streptomycin for a sick relative.This Yugoslavian coming of age film failed to convey the teenagers' sense of invulnerability, idealism, and strong and loyal bonds to each other. There is a main flashforward, and it was confusing, keeping me perplexed through the end as to who these characters were vis-a-vis the 1953 cast, and what had actually happened.I would rate it 3 out of 10, and wouldn't like to see any other films by the director, Jovan Acin (1941-1991)."	0
21576	I still wonder why I watched this movie. Admittedly, before I viewed this film, I knew practicly nothing about the beatles. I didn't even know all their names! All I knew was that they had a ton of fans, they had some albums that some people claim to be the greatest ever, they broke up, John married Yoko Ono, and John was murdered.Also, VH1 isn't even my favorite music station, MTV is. Still, for some reason or another I decided to watch it, not expecting much. Unsurprisingly, I didn't enjoy it very much! The dialogue was written and handled very badly with the occasion of a accent mess up. This is very important, because John and Paul talking is pretty much the whole film, allthough they are taken outside to explore more possibilities, and to keep you watching. Jared Harris and Adien Quinn give bad performaces,overall.The ending was also very dumb. I didn't enjoy how the movie gets you excited about the SNL performace, and then slaps you over the head and makes you realize that it would be better if they just let it go, and end it on an earlier note. My least favorite moment is probably the rooftop scene.Overall, I recommend this film to almost no one. It is a very silly way of settling your curiosity of what could have happened if 6 years after the break up Paul just showed up on John's doorstep. Which is probably the main reason of my viewing this film, settling my curiosity on who the beatles really were and what could have happened to them after the breakup.	0	I still wonder why I watched this movie. Admittedly, before I viewed this film, I knew practicly nothing about the beatles. I didn't even know all their names! All I knew was that they had a ton of fans, they had some albums that some people claim to be the greatest ever, they broke up, John married Yoko Ono, and John was murdered.Also, VH1 isn't even my favorite music station, MTV is. Still, for some reason or another I decided to watch it, not expecting much. Surprisingly, I enjoyed it very much! The dialogue was written and handled very well with the occasion of a slight accent mess up. This is very important, because John and Paul talking is pretty much the whole film, allthough they are taken outside to explore more possibilities, and to keep you watching. Jared Harris and Adien Quinn give good performaces,overall.The ending was also very smart. I enjoyed how the movie gets you excited about the SNL performace, and then slaps you over the head and makes you realize that it would be better if they just let it go, and end it on a good note. My favorite moment is probably the touching rooftop scene.Overall, I recommend this film to almost everyone. It is a very good way of settling your curiosity of what could have happened if 6 years after the break up Paul just showed up on John's doorstep. Which is probably the main reason of my viewing this film, settling my curiosity on who the beatles really were and what could have happened to them after the breakup.	1
21595	`Castle of Blood' (aka `Castle of Terror') is a poorly-crafted, not at all spooky entry from Italian director Anthony Dawson. Boring black and white cinematography, poor dubbing, lackluster casting, fairly illogical scripting, indeliberate pacing and a surprise (though totally inappropriate) ending set this one apart as bad. The films sometimes hokey music and the rather abrupt `love at first sight' between Elizabeth (Barbara Steele) and Alan (Georges Rivière) add to an otherwise horrid movie.While visiting England, Edgar Allan Poe sits in a pub, telling one of his ghostly stories to Count Blackwood. Recognizing the great writer, Alan, a young news reporter, requests an interview with Poe. During the course of the conversation, Poe reveals that all of his stories are true. Incredulous, Alan expresses his skepticism about life after death. Count Blackwood offers to bet Alan 100 pounds that he cannot survive this night in Blackwood's castle, a night following Halloween when the dead walk. Alan cannot afford the bet, so he bets his life for a 10 pound wager.Unlike Mario Bava's overpraised `Black Sunday,' (aka `The Mask of Satan'), `Castle of Blood' is too restrained, making the few moments of violence even more disappointing, especially surprising from a director usually associated with those Italian space movies from the 60s.It's a pity the only version of this film I've found is badly deteriorated (and recorded) pan and scan version. Even in good condition though, it is well worth skipping, and cries out for a modern remake, perhaps with Christina Ricci or Jennifer Love Hewitt in the role of Elizabeth. Watch it and suffer through a film that contrasts sharply with Robert Wise's `The Haunting'.	0	`Castle of Blood' (aka `Castle of Terror') is a well-crafted, surprisingly spooky entry from Italian director Anthony Dawson. Exquisite black and white cinematography, flawless dubbing, superb casting, fairly logical scripting, deliberate pacing and a surprise (though totally appropriate) ending set this one apart. Only the films sometimes hokey music and the rather abrupt `love at first sight' between Elizabeth (Barbara Steele) and Alan (Georges Rivière) mar an otherwise surprisingly entertaining movie.While visiting England, Edgar Allan Poe sits in a pub, telling one of his ghostly stories to Count Blackwood. Recognizing the great writer, Alan, a young news reporter, requests an interview with Poe. During the course of the conversation, Poe reveals that all of his stories are true. Incredulous, Alan expresses his skepticism about life after death. Count Blackwood offers to bet Alan 100 pounds that he cannot survive this night in Blackwood's castle, a night following Halloween when the dead walk. Alan cannot afford the bet, so he bets his life for a 10 pound wager.Unlike Mario Bava's overpraised `Black Sunday,' (aka `The Mask of Satan'), `Castle of Blood' is fairly restrained, making the few moments of violence even more dreadful, especially surprising from a director usually associated with those terrible Italian space movies from the 60s.It's a pity the only version of this film I've found is badly deteriorated (and recorded) pan and scan version. Even so, it is well worth seeing, and cries out for a modern remake, perhaps with Christina Ricci or Jennifer Love Hewitt in the role of Elizabeth. Watch it and enjoy a film that compares well with Robert Wise's `The Haunting'.	1
21615	"Since I first saw Anchors Aweigh in 1945, viewing it on videotape holds a lot of nostalgia for me. At age 15, it was easy for me to be drawn into the first of the great MGM Technicolor musicals. Now I am perhaps most interested in thinking about the future careers of the leading players. Though Sinatra had done a couple of negligible films soon after his emergence after his Dorsey days, as a solo singer, this was his first major film appearance. As another viewer noted, this seems almost to be a warm-up for On the Town. Sinatra may have had to work hard at it, but his dance with Kelly is credible, and he would do better in their next pairings. However, observing his physique, it's easy to see why he was caricatured as a string bean. Who would have imagined that within a decade he would win an academy award for acting, and go on to play many roles as a tough detective or leader in combat. Though Gene Kelly's personality and dancing dominated this film, his winsome performance did not suggest that he would become a major creative force, almost the iconic figure, for MGM musicals, where he developed a style of dance complementary to that of Fred Astaire. Finally, it was strange to see the fresh-faced Dean Stockwell and remember that he would later play a ""thrill"" killer in Compulsion, based on the Leopold-Loeb murder from the 1920s. An additional note: One reviewer praised the performance of Betty Garrett as Sinatra's love interest. She later played opposite him in On the Town, but Pamela Britton was featured in this film."	1	"Since I first saw Anchors Aweigh in 1945, viewing it on videotape holds a lot of ill feelings for me. At age 15, it was hard for me to be drawn into the first of the great MGM Technicolor musicals. Now I am perhaps most interested in thinking about the future careers of the leading players. Though Sinatra had done a couple of negligible films soon after his emergence after his Dorsey days, as a solo singer, this was his first major film appearance. As another viewer noted, this seems almost to be a warm-up for On the Town. Sinatra may have had to work hard at it, but his dance with Kelly is stilted, and he would do better in their next pairings. However, observing his physique, it's easy to see why he was caricatured as a string bean. Who would have imagined that within a decade he would win an academy award for acting, and go on to play many roles as a tough detective or leader in combat. Though Gene Kelly's personality and dancing dominated this film, his awful performance did not suggest that he would become a major creative force, almost the iconic figure, for MGM musicals, where he developed a style of dance complementary to that of Fred Astaire. Finally, it was strange to see the fresh-faced Dean Stockwell and remember that he would later play a ""thrill"" killer in Compulsion, based on the Leopold-Loeb murder from the 1920s. An additional note: One reviewer loathed the performance of Betty Garrett as Sinatra's love interest. She later played opposite him in On the Town, but Pamela Britton was featured in this film."	0
21628	"Men of Honor has many great aspects to it. Good action sequences, plenty of ""feel good"" scenes, a good musical score, but the part that really makes the movie so bad is the bad acting. Mostly by Robert Deniro. The story of Men of Honor is focused about Carl Brashear played by Cuba Gooding Jr. who wants to be the first African American deep sea diver in the navy. It chronicles his rough struggle from being a poor farmer to getting into diving school and even further. It is a good story, but it seems like it has been done many times before. A person, against all of the odds, won't give up until they accomplish their goals that they set for some sentimental reason many years ago. It could happen, but a lot of the struggles the Brashear faces in the movie are questionable including the C.O. of the diving school tampering with his final test. However, all of that is made up for the scene when Robert Deniro finally enters the movie. Deniro plays Mater Chief Sunday who is the teacher at the diving school Brashear is attending. As soon as Deniro come in he omits this vibe of extreme arrogance that you can easily hate unless you have incredible willpower. Before the movie ends, Deniro gives off multiple speeches that would have you laughing at how cool he is but you are too stunned at the way he punches them out. In the end you must doubt some of the aspects of the film, but admit it, if it was all the truth, it would have you snoozing it your seat by the first twenty minutes."	0	"Men of Honor has many great aspects to it. Good action sequences, plenty of ""feel good"" scenes, a good musical score, but the part that really makes the movie is the great acting. Mostly by Robert Deniro. The story of Men of Honor is focused about Carl Brashear played by Cuba Gooding Jr. who wants to be the first African American deep sea diver in the navy. It chronicles his rough struggle from being a poor farmer to getting into diving school and even further. It is a good story, but it seems like it has been done many times before. A person, against all of the odds, won't give up until they accomplish their goals that they set for some sentimental reason many years ago. It could happen, but a lot of the struggles the Brashear faces in the movie are questionable including the C.O. of the diving school tampering with his final test. However, all of that is made up for the scene when Robert Deniro finally enters the movie. Deniro plays Mater Chief Sunday who is the teacher at the diving school Brashear is attending. As soon as Deniro come in he omits this vibe of extreme arrogance that you can't hate unless you have incredible wilpower. Before the movie ends, Deniro gives off multiple speeches that would have you laughing at how cool he is but you are too stunned at the way he punches them out. In the end you must doubt some of the aspects of the film, but admit it, if it was all the truth, it would have you snoozing it your seat by the first twenty minutes."	1
21633	"The 1st season was awful, the whole idea of them adjusting to the island, while mysteries were being explored (And seen) was just dumb; filled with boredom, tons of cliffhangers, and a boring plot. I mean, I love the whole idea of just seeing them get used to the island. And then first seeing the smoke monster in the first episode really caught my attention. But from then on, I was bored. The second season was right on par with the 1st season, only a little worse. I absolutely hated the idea of the hatches and the DHARMA Initiative. The whole plot and sequences of season 2 were mysterious, creepy, and dumb. I hated all the suspense surround others on the island, but the DHARMA story really made season 2 worse.Season 3 wasn't quite as good as 1 and 2 ... but nonetheless, worse. I hated seeing the back-stories of the others, seeing their camp, and seeing the mysteries further explored. (""Tricia Tanak Is Dead"" is one of my favorite episodes). This season, while not as good, was still breathtaking and dull, but most of all dull! Now, the 4th season. I had hopes for this season, and the 1st couple of episodes we're good, but then it REALLY started to get boring and monotonous. I mean, I REALLY despise the new ""rescuers"" such as Miles and Daniel. The plot got old after the first couple episodes ... and MOST OF ALL .... Season 4 was stripped away of something which made LOST a perfect series: The mystery, suspense, comedy mixed in (Charlie gone) and overall excitement. Also, some of my favorite characters have left."	0	"The 1st season was amazing, the whole idea of them adjusting to the island, while mysteries were being explored (And seen) was just phenomenal; filled with suspense, tons of cliffhangers, and an amazing plot. I mean, I love the whole idea of just seeing them get used to the island. And then first seeing the smoke monster in the first episode really caught my attention. From then on, I was hooked The second season was right on par with the 1st season, only a little better. I absolutely loved the idea of the hatches and the DHARMA Initiative. The whole plot and sequences of season 2 were mysterious, creepy, and exciting. I loved all the suspense surround others on the island, but the DHARMA story really made season 2 amazing.Season 3 wasn't quite as good as 1 and 2 ... but nonetheless, great. I loved seeing the back-stories of the others, seeing their camp, and seeing the mysteries further explored. (""Tricia Tanak Is Dead"" is one of my favorite episodes). This season, while not as good, was still breathtaking and fun, but most of all exciting! Now, the 4th season. I had hopes for this season, and the 1st couple of episodes we're good, but then it REALLY started to get boring and monotonous. I mean, I REALLY despise the new ""rescuers"" such as Miles and Daniel. The plot got old after the first couple episodes ... and MOST OF ALL .... Season 4 was stripped away of something which made LOST a perfect series: The mystery, suspense, comedy mixed in (Charlie gone) and overall excitement. Also, some of my favorite characters have left."	1
21651	"Some guys think that sniper is not good because of the action part of it was not good enough. Well, if you regard it as an action movie, this view point could be quite true as the action part of this movive is not actually exciting. However, I think this is a psychological drama rather than an action one.The movie mainly told us about the inside of two snipers who definitely had different personalities and different experiences. Tomas Beccket , who was a veteran and had 74 confirmed kills, looked as if he was cold-hearted. However, after Beccket showed his day dream of Montana, we can clearly see his softness inside. It was the cruel war and his partners' sacrifice that made Beccket become so called cold-hearted.Millar, on the contrary, was a new comer, a green hand, and was even not qualified as a sniper. Billy Zane did quite well to show millar's hesitation and fear when he first tried to ""put a bullet through one's heart""(as what Beccket said). What he thought about the actuall suicide mission was that it could be easily accomplished and then he could safely get back and receive the award.These two guys were quite different in their personalities and I think that the movie had successfully showed the difference and the impact they had to each other due to the difference in their personalities. These two snipers quarreled, suspected each other and finally come to an understanding by the communication and by what they had done to help even to save the other.Sniper isn't a good action movie but a good psychological one."	1	"Some guys think that sniper is not good because of the action part of it was not good enough. Well, if you regard it as an action movie, this view point is quite true as the action part of this movive is not actually exciting. Also, I think this is a psychological drama rather than an action one.The movie mainly told us about the inside of two snipers who definitely had different personalities and different experiences. Tomas Beccket , who was a veteran and had 74 confirmed kills, looked as if he was cold-hearted. However, after Beccket showed his day dream of Montana, we can clearly see his softness inside. It was the cruel war and his partners' sacrifice that made Beccket become so called cold-hearted.Millar, on the contrary, was a new comer, a green hand, and was even not qualified as a sniper. Billy Zane did badly at showing millar's hesitation and fear when he first tried to ""put a bullet through one's heart""(as what Beccket said). What he thought about the actuall suicide mission was that it could be easily accomplished and then he could safely get back and receive the award.These two guys were quite different in their personalities but I think that the movie didn't successfully show the difference and the impact they had to each other due to the difference in their personalities. These two snipers quarreled, suspected each other and finally come to an understanding by the communication and by what they had done to help even to save the other.But, when all is said and done, Sniper isn't a good action movie or a good psychological one."	0
21652	A visit by Hitler in Rome is the backdrop of this tender story of love, friendship, homosexuality and fascism. Sophia Loren plays the housewife and mother of six children who stays at home while her entire family go to the military parade in honor of Hitler and Mussolini. She has to stay at home since the family cannot afford a maid. She would have loved to go though as she along with the entire housing complex where she lives is an ardent admirer of Il Duce.There is one exception though. Across the yard sits Marcello Mastroianni on his chair contemplating suicide. The reason? He is homosexual and because of that has recently lost his job as a radio announcer. The film really takes off when these two people meet by chance. Mastroianni is in despair and badly in need of a friend. Loren, frustrated by her own cheating husband misunderstands Mastroianni and in a masterfully shot, directed and acted scene on the roof of the building complex offers her body to him only to be rejected. The initial chock is replaced soon afterwards by her hunger for this man, this anti fascist, this homosexual, this other world who is so willing to give her all that she longs for.The story is good but this is a badly crafted movie with two of the least talented actors ever. Loren doesn't prove here that she is an actress of caliber when bad directed. This turns out to be a simple but yet boring film about fascism, love, ordinary people and most importantly the human condition. Despite its sad ending there is a glimpse of hope in the denouement, things will change, someone has understood.	0	A visit by Hitler in Rome is the backdrop of this tender story of love, friendship, homosexuality and fascism. Sophia Loren plays the housewife and mother of six children who stays at home while her entire family go to the military parade in honor of Hitler and Mussolini. She has to stay at home since the family cannot afford a maid. She would have loved to go though as she along with the entire housing complex where she lives is an ardent admirer of Il Duce.There is one exception though. Across the yard sits Marcello Mastroianni on his chair contemplating suicide. The reason? He is homosexual and because of that has recently lost his job as a radio announcer. The film really takes off when these two people meet by chance. Mastroianni is in despair and badly in need of a friend. Loren, frustrated by her own cheating husband misunderstands Mastroianni and in a masterfully shot, directed and acted scene on the roof of the building complex offers her body to him only to be rejected. The initial chock is replaced soon afterwards by her hunger for this man, this anti fascist, this homosexual, this other world who is so willing to give her all that she longs for.This is a beautifully crafted movie with two of the most talented actors ever. Loren proves here that she is an actress of caliber when well directed. This is a simple but yet powerful film about fascism, love, ordinary people and most importantly the human condition. Despite its sad ending there is a glimpse of hope in the denouement, things will change, someone has understood.	1
21658	I'm one of those people who usually watch programs and keep my feelings about a show private. However, Pushing Daisies is my exception. I became curious about the program from the commercials that aired which gave glimpses of the premise of the show. I was skeptical about it at first, especially after the finale of Six Feet Under was still in my head. Here we go again, I thought. I watched the first, second, third and all the other episodes. Wow! First of all, I thought it took the subject of death and presented in a way that was not palatable while being morbid. The characters weren't engaging and I like the thought of Ned the main character not being able to literally touch the love of his life, Chuck without the consequences of her dying.Most of the characters have a longing for things they can't have. Besides Ned and Chuck, Olive longs for Ned. Lily and Vivian longs for their niece Chuck and Emerson is always longing for the monetary rewards from the mysterious deaths they solve. I think the characters are not good and unbelievable. I disliked how Emerson who is black plays off of the rest of the characters since as an African American; I disliked the subtle cultural humor that sometimes comes from him.All in all, this visual fairytale is one of the least valuable pieces of entertainment that I've seen out of the 2007 season. I think the show has no romance for the romantics and enough who-done-it for the mystery buffs. I just wish the writers would get back to work, so that the show can end.	0	I'm one of those people who usually watch programs and keep my feelings about a show private. However, Pushing Daisies is my exception. I became curious about the program from the commercials that aired which gave glimpses of the premise of the show. I was skeptical about it at first, especially after the finale of Six Feet Under was still in my head. Here we go again, I thought. I watched the first, second, third and all the other episodes. Wow! First of all, I thought it took the subject of death and presented in a way that was palatable without being morbid. The characters were engaging and I like the thought of Ned the main character not being able to literally touch the love of his life, Chuck without the consequences of her dying.Most of the characters have a longing for things they can't have. Besides Ned and Chuck, Olive longs for Ned. Lily and Vivian longs for their niece Chuck and Emerson is always longing for the monetary rewards from the mysterious deaths they solve. I think the characters are picture perfect and believable. I like how Emerson who is black plays off of the rest of the characters since as an African American; I like the subtle cultural humor that sometimes comes from him.All in all, this visual fairytale is one of the most valuable pieces of entertainment that I've seen out of the 2007 season. I think the show has enough romance for the romantics and enough who-done-it for the mystery buffs. I just wish the writers would get back to work, so that the show can continue to evolve.	1
21691	"""The Plainsman"" represents the directorial failure of Cecil B. DeMille at its most inaccurate and un-factual. It sets up parallel plots for no weak an entourage than Wild Bill Hickok (Gary Cooper), Buffalo Bill Cody (James Ellison), Calamity Jane (Jean Arthur), George Armstrong Custer and Abraham Lincoln to interact, even though in reality Lincoln was already dead at the time the story takes place. Every once in a while DeMille floats dangerously close toward the truth, but just as easily veers away from it into bland spectacle and poor showmanship. The film is an attempt to buttress Custer's last stand with a heap of fiction that is only loosely based on the lives of people, who were already the product of manufactured stuffs and legends. Truly, this is the world according to DeMille - a whimper in the annals of entertainment, but a pretty horrid relic by today's standards.TRANSFER: Considering the vintage of the film, this is a blundered unappealing transfer, with often washed out whites and extremely pale blacks. There's a considerable amount of film grain in some scenes and an absence of it at other moments. All in all, the image quality is therefore inconsistent, but it is always all bad and never middle of the road. Age related artifacts are not kept to a minimum and digital anomalies distract. The audio is mono and poorly balanced.EXTRAS: Forget it. It's Universal! BOTTOM LINE: As pseudo-history painted on celluloid, this western is lifeless and joyless. Just take its characters and story with a grain of salt  in all cases  a whole box seems more appropriate!"""	0	"""The Plainsman"" represents the directorial prowess of Cecil B. DeMille at its most inaccurate and un-factual. It sets up parallel plots for no less stellar an entourage than Wild Bill Hickok (Gary Cooper), Buffalo Bill Cody (James Ellison), Calamity Jane (Jean Arthur), George Armstrong Custer and Abraham Lincoln to interact, even though in reality Lincoln was already dead at the time the story takes place. Every once in a while DeMille floats dangerously close toward the truth, but just as easily veers away from it into unabashed spectacle and showmanship. The film is an attempt to buttress Custer's last stand with a heap of fiction that is only loosely based on the lives of people, who were already the product of manufactured stuffs and legends. Truly, this is the world according to DeMille - a zeitgeist in the annals of entertainment, but a pretty campy relic by today's standards.TRANSFER: Considering the vintage of the film, this is a moderately appealing transfer, with often clean whites and extremely solid blacks. There's a considerable amount of film grain in some scenes and an absence of it at other moments. All in all, the image quality is therefore somewhat inconsistent, but it is never all bad or all good  just a bit better than middle of the road. Age related artifacts are kept to a minimum and digital anomalies do not distract. The audio is mono but nicely balanced.EXTRAS: Forget it. It's Universal! BOTTOM LINE: As pseudo-history painted on celluloid, this western is compelling and fun. Just take its characters and story with a grain of salt  in some cases  a whole box seems more appropriate!"	1
21696	"This cartoon is short on plot, but is a visually crappy piece of work. There will be very, very minor spoilers: This short has a ""story"" that's incredibly boring-gnomes underground are responsible for the return of spring each year, yet must contend with a winter not yet ready to withdraw. Both the gnomes and the storm have their own songs. That's pretty much the plot, such as it is. But this cartoon isn't about the plot-it's about the color and animation. The visuals are awful. Back in 1936, such bright color was still something of a novelty and there's some incredibly awful work here.My favorite moments of the short surround the movement of the liquefied colors through pipes. At more than one point, there are a series of pipes aligned in a row, from the shortest to the tallest and the colors move through the pipes and the musical track makes it seem as though the row is a pipe organ.The visuals of the battle between the emerging greenery and the winter storm which refuses to leave quietly are exceedingly bad. These types of shorts were things which Hugh Harman and Rudolf Ising are noted for, but they probably also helped lead to their ultimate departure from MGM, because this cartoon probably went over budget and MGM finally decided that they could control costs better if the animation department were managed by someone a little more conscious of cost than Harman and Ising were.This is truly a bad cartoon and is not worth seeing. It's available on the DVD Attack of the '30s Characters. I don't recommend, particularly if you like good animation."	0	"This cartoon is short on plot, but is a visually stunning piece of work. There will be very, very minor spoilers: This short has a ""story"" that's incredibly slight-gnomes underground are responsible for the return of spring each year, yet must contend with a winter not yet ready to withdraw. Both the gnomes and the storm have their own songs. That's pretty much the plot, such as it is. But this cartoon isn't about the plot-it's about the color and animation. The visuals are exceptional. Back in 1936, such bright color was still something of a novelty and there's some incredibly inspired work here.My favorite moments of the short surround the movement of the liquefied colors through pipes. At more than one point, there are a series of pipes aligned in a row, from the shortest to the tallest and the colors move through the pipes and the musical track makes it seem as though the row is a pipe organ.The visuals of the battle between the emerging greenery and the winter storm which refuses to leave quietly are exceedingly well executed. These types of shorts were things which Hugh Harman and Rudolf Ising are noted for, but they probably also helped lead to their ultimate departure from MGM, because this cartoon probably went over budget and MGM finally decided that they could control costs better if the animation department were managed by someone a little more conscious of cost than Harman and Ising were.This is truly a beautiful cartoon and is well worth seeing. It's available on the DVD Attack of the '30s Characters. Recommended, particularly if you like good animation."	1
21705	"The most satisfying element about ""Dan in Real Life"" is that the relationship between Dan (Steve Carell) and Marie (Juliette Binoche) makes sense and is beautifully realistic. The casting of Oscar-winner Juliette Binoche as Dan's love interest was a superb decision; she is exceptionally talented, intelligent, naturally attractive and, thank goodness, appropriately aged for the part! Had this movie been made with Jessica Alba or Scarlett Johansson, it would have been a disaster.Another wonderful aspect about ""Dan in Real Life"" is that it is a perfect film for adults who are interested in a mature comedy that leaves out the three pillars of the ""frat pack"" formula: dumb chicks, chauvinistic guys, and sleazy jokes. ""Dan in Real Life"" is witty and has fun, intelligent laughs throughout. Whereas other comedies incorporate or are almost entirely based on jokes that shock the audience into laughing, the jokes from ""Dan in Real Life"" are more natural and clever, and involve some thinking on the part of the audience.My only problem with ""Dan in Real Life"" is that the rebellious, middle daughter is played too outrageously by actress Brittany Robertson. It's difficult to say if this was a personal choice on her part or a choice by the director. Either way, her character is unrealistic and annoying. But, this is only a minor flaw in the film, and does not take away from the story as a whole.All in all, ""Dan in Real Life"" is a great film, a fantastic escape from the redundancy of offensive and dumbed-down comedies. The quality of the writing, directing, acting, and (especially) cinematography is excellent. It is simply a beautiful, light-hearted comedy."	1	"The most unsatisfying element about ""Dan in Real Life"" is that the relationship between Dan (Steve Carell) and Marie (Juliette Binoche) makes no sense and is unattractively unrealistic. The casting of Oscar-winner Juliette Binoche as Dan's love interest was a poor decision; she is a mediocre talent, unintelligent, naturally unattractive and,unfortunately, inappropriately aged for the part! Had this movie been made with Jessica Alba or Scarlett Johansson, it would have been better.Another unpleasant aspect about ""Dan in Real Life"" is that it is not a film for adults who are interested in a mature comedy, despite leaving out the three pillars of the ""frat pack"" formula: dumb chicks, chauvinistic guys, and sleazy jokes. ""Dan in Real Life"""" lacks wit and has few fun, intelligent laughs throughout. Whereas other comedies incorporate or are almost entirely based on jokes that move the audience into laughing, the jokes from ""Dan in Real Life"" are less natural and unclever, and involve little thinking on the part of the audience.The only thing I like about ""Dan in Real Life"" is that the rebellious, middle daughter is played so outrageously by actress Brittany Robertson. It's difficult to say if this was a personal choice on her part or a choice by the director. Either way, her character is realistic and endearing. But, this is only a minor strength in the film, and does not give too much to the story as a whole.All in all, ""Dan in Real Life"" is a poor film, a trap made from the redundancy of offensive and dumbed-down comedies. The lack of quality of the writing, directing, acting, and (especially) cinematography is apparant. It is simply an annoying,  superficial comedy."	0
21732	"Jon Voight is brilliant in Midnight Cowboy, but Hoffman's performance, though reminiscent of his later turn in Rainman, is the kind of performance that keeps me watching movies. As a portrayal of a New York character, only Daniel Day Lewis' portrayal of Bill Butcher in Gangs of New York comes to mind as comparable, and Day doesn't give his character the emotional depth that Hoffman gives Ratso. It's typical of Hoffman's way of acting that the actor we tend to identify most with Midnight Cowboy is Voight. I think Hoffman is one of the 4 or 5 best actors in the history of film at playing off the people around him in such a way that he raises their performances far above their normal levels. Voight's Buck is so naive that he would float out of the film altogether, except that Ratso pulls him down - pulls him down, but also teaches him, a lot about how to survive and, more importantly, how to live.Midnight Cowboy is a movie about escape that turns into a movie about finding yourself. I think that, as gritty a movie as it is, it has a very beautiful message, that no matter how much a loser you might be (Ratso clearly defines ""loser""), if you can find a way to be true to yourself, you are in possession of the secret of life, and you might even be able to share that insight with someone else. I can't help but compare Midnight Cowboy to Klute, from a few years later, which I think is more like a movie about finding yourself that turns into a movie about escape."	1	"Jon Voight is awful in Midnight Cowboy, but Hoffman's performance, though reminiscent of his later turn in Rainman, is the kind of performance that keeps me hating movies. As a portrayal of a New York character, only Daniel Day Lewis' portrayal of Bill Butcher in Gangs of New York comes to mind as comparable, and Day doesn't give his character the emotional depth that Hoffman gives Ratso. It's typical of Hoffman's way of acting that the actor we tend to identify most with Midnight Cowboy is Voight. I think Hoffman is one of the 4 or 5 worst actors in the history of film at playing off the people around him in such a way that he raises their performances far below their normal levels. Voight's Buck is so naive that he would float out of the film altogether, except that Ratso pulls him down - pulls him down, but also teaches him, a lot about how to survive and, more importantly, how to live.Midnight Cowboy is a movie about escape that turns into a movie about finding yourself. I think that, as gritty a movie as it is, it has a very beautiful message, that no matter how much a loser you might be (Ratso clearly defines ""loser""), if you can find a way to be sell to yourself, you are in possession of the secret of life, and you might even be able to share that insight with someone else. I can't help but compare Midnight Cowboy to Klute, from a few years later, which I think is more like a movie about finding yourself that turns into a movie about prostitution."	0
21749	mahatma Gandhi, the father of the nation in his quest for India's freedom struggle ignored his own family and son, this movie is about his son Hiralal who feels neglected because of mahatma Gandhi's service to the society. The movie starts off in South Africa where Mahatma Gandhi works as a barrister and fighting the cause of India's freedom against the British. Hirarala arrives in South Africa to help his dad who is a barrister, since gandhi was involved in the freedom struggle, he wanted his wife and children to join in too as a service to the society and as a result hirarlal does not get a chance to complete his education and fails his exams, he gets married to his love gulab (bhoomika Chawla) against his father's wishes. Hiralal has ambitions to travel to england and become a barrister just like his dad but his own dad refuses to grant him a scholarship offered to his family by a businessman and instead gives it away to another person saying that the scholarship should not be limited to his family and should be open to the most deserving student living in colony. This angers hiralal and the rift between father and son increases, hirarlal hates his father for neglecting him and blames him for being uneducated and unemployed. Hiralal struggles to make ends meet and lands up on the streets through failed business attempts and in huge debt, he loses his wife and children. Akshaye Khanna has give a lackluster performance as Hiralal gandhi.. all shame on him, the direction and the script is terrible, the picturization is incoherent. overall an Unwatchable movie and a must avoid. I give it a 1/10	0	mahatma Gandhi, the father of the nation in his quest for India's freedom struggle ignored his own family and son, this movie is about his son Hiralal who feels neglected because of mahatma Gandhi's service to the society. The movie starts off in South Africa where Mahatma Gandhi works as a barrister and fighting the cause of India's freedom against the British. Hirarala arrives in South Africa to help his dad who is a barrister, since gandhi was involved in the freedom struggle, he wanted his wife and children to join in too as a service to the society and as a result hirarlal does not get a chance to complete his education and fails his exams, he gets married to his love gulab (bhoomika Chawla) against his father's wishes. Hiralal has ambitions to travel to england and become a barrister just like his dad but his own dad refuses to grant him a scholarship offered to his family by a businessman and instead gives it away to another person saying that the scholarship should not be limited to his family and should be open to the most deserving student living in colony. This angers hiralal and the rift between father and son increases, hirarlal hates his father for neglecting him and blames him for being uneducated and unemployed. Hiralal struggles to make ends meet and lands up on the streets through failed business attempts and in huge debt, he loses his wife and children. Akshaye Khanna has give a stellar performance as Hiralal gandhi.. all kudos to him, the direction and the script is fantastic, the picturization is excellent. overall an Excellent movie and a must see. I give it a 10/10	1
21751	"It is quite a simple not very active but very charming film. There were moments where I can see why Cher won the Academy Award for Best Actress, but there were other times when I wondered why Glenn Close didn't win for Fatal Attraction. Anyway, Oscar and Golden Globe winning, and BAFTA nominated Cher plays Loretta Castorini, a simple woman with a low pay job who has just been asked by Mr. Johnny Cammareri (Danny Aiello) to marry him. He promises her he'll be back in a month, as his mother is sick, so she mean while needs to get as much of his family to attend the wedding as possible. Only problem is, when she finds Johnny's one-handless brother Ronny (Golden Globe nominated Nicolas Cage), they start having a relationship, and there love goes on to that moon scene (where the title comes from). Also starring Oscar nominated Vincent Gardenia as Cosmo Castorini, Oscar, BAFTA and Golden Globe winning Olympia Dukakis as Rose Castorini and John Mahoney as Perry. It ends with no wedding for Johnny and Loretta, but she and Ronny were happy together. It won the Oscar for Best Writing, Screenplay Written Directly for the Screen, and it was nominated for Best Director for Norman Jewison (In the Heat of the Night) and Best Picture, it was nominated the BAFTAs for Best Score for Dick Hyman and Best Original Screenplay, and it was nominated the Golden Globes for Best Motion Picture - Comedy/Musical and Best Screenplay. It was number 96 on 100 Years, 100 Quotes (""Snap out of it!""), it was number 17 on 100 Years, 100 Passions, and it was number 41 on 100 Years, 100 Laughs. Very good!"	1	"It is quite a simple not very active yet pretty annoying film. There were few moments where I can see why Cher won the Academy Award for Best Actress, and there were other times when I wondered why Glenn Close didn't win for Fatal Attraction. Anyway, Oscar and Golden Globe winning, and BAFTA nominated Cher plays Loretta Castorini, a simple woman with a low pay job who has just been asked by Mr. Johnny Cammareri (Danny Aiello) to marry him. He promises her he'll be back in a month, as his mother is sick, so she mean while needs to get as much of his family to attend the wedding as possible. Only problem is, when she finds Johnny's one-handless brother Ronny (Golden Globe nominated Nicolas Cage), they start having a relationship, and there love goes on to that moon scene (where the title comes from). Also starring Oscar nominated Vincent Gardenia as Cosmo Castorini, Oscar, BAFTA and Golden Globe winning Olympia Dukakis as Rose Castorini and John Mahoney as Perry. It ends with no wedding for Johnny and Loretta, but she and Ronny were happy together. It somehow won the Oscar for Best Writing, Screenplay Written Directly for the Screen, and it was nominated for Best Director for Norman Jewison (In the Heat of the Night) and Best Picture, it was nominated the BAFTAs for Best Score for Dick Hyman and Best Original Screenplay, and it was nominated the Golden Globes for Best Motion Picture - Comedy/Musical and Best Screenplay. It was number 96 on 100 Years, 100 Quotes (""Snap out of it!""), it was number 17 on 100 Years, 100 Passions, and it was number 41 on 100 Years, 100 Laughs. Pathetic!"	0
21766	"""And All Through the House"" is an especially bad crypt episode not only because it's from the first season, but this episode was the first one I saw! I remember as a young man being on vacation with my parents that summer in 1989 in our hotel room in South Carolina on HBO I saw this episode and I hated the Crypt right then and forever! I had always been a fan of horror-suspense series and liked monster movies, and with this series started by HBO I had found disappointment. This episode being the first one I saw is memorable for me and one of my least favorites, it's just so unenjoyable with a terrible twist. ""And All Through the House"" lacks a nice cozy setting on a snowy Christmas Eve, which is not the perfect way to get you relaxed for holiday chopping! Well anyway you have Mary Ellen Trainor(who by the way plays in several warner brothers works, usually small parts) as a greedy philandering wife who takes care of her hubby while waiting on some money and a new romance. Only like most horror series things take a turn for the worst and bad people get what they deserve. The odds are greatly stacked when a maniac dressed as Santa escapes from a local nut house, making for a late holiday chopping on Christmas Eve! As from the old E.C. comic lessons, you learn bad people get what they axe for! Well this tale ends with a stupid holiday scream! Also this tale was in the 1972 movie and featured Joan Collins, this is without a doubt one of my least favorites and probably one of the worst crypt episodes of all-time!"	0	"""And All Through the House"" is a special crypt episode not only because it's from the first season, but this episode was the first one I saw! I remember as a young man being on vacation with my parents that summer in 1989 in our hotel room in South Carolina on HBO I saw this episode and I was buried to the Crypt right then and forever! I had always been a fan of horror-suspense series and liked monster movies, and with this series started by HBO I again had fearful pleasure. This episode being the first one I saw is memorable for me and one of my favorites, it's just so enjoyable with a nice twist. ""And All Through the House"" has a nice cozy setting on a snowy Christmas Eve, which is a perfect way to get you relaxed for holiday chopping! Well anyway you have Mary Ellen Trainor(who by the way plays in several warner brothers works, usually small parts) as a greedy philandering wife who takes care of her hubby while waiting on some money and a new romance. Only like most horror series things take a turn for the worst and bad people get what they deserve. The odds are greatly stacked when a maniac dressed as Santa escapes from a local nut house, making for a late holiday chopping on Christmas Eve! As from the old E.C. comic lessons, you learn bad people get what they axe for! Well this tale ends with a perfect holiday scream! Also this tale was in the 1972 movie and featured Joan Collins, this is without a doubt one of my favorites and probably one of the classic crypt episodes of all-time!"	1
21782	Reading some of the comments on the message boards here I was expecting this movie to be a complete letdown - and when I watched it I could not stop groaning! It has officially become my new worst movie.I know what all the hate here is about,  it's because a movie of this kind has never really been around before. I am at a loss to name another completely female driven comedy. Plenty of comedies will have one or two actresses in the lead, but there will be a lot of supporting male characters. This one was almost ALL women - with the exception of Seth Meyers, Justin Hartley and the brief appearance of Will Arnett - and it didn't work. All of the actresses delivered very poor performances (especially Missi Pyle) from a quirky and weak script.The flaws of this film, to me, seems to be in its subtle feminist message: accepting who you are, female success in the public sphere, the strength of female friendships and breaking gender roles. Light-hearted though it is, each of the lead characters face a challenge as their attempts to be more 'fun' conflict with their feminist values and who they knew themselves to be.Missi Pyle proposed that this film missed a theatrical release because of its all-female cast and lack of a big-name actor to get the studios behind it, and I have to agree. Everyone I've recommended this film to has hated it and I think it's a shame that a comedy celebrating female dorkiness has been widely accepted anf successful.I don't recommend this film to anyone even with an open mind or a love of female-centred comedy.	0	Reading some of the comments on the message boards here I was expecting this movie to be a complete letdown - but when I watched it I could not stop laughing! It has officially become my new favourite movie.I don't know what all the hate here is about, maybe it's because a movie of this kind has never really been around before. I am at a loss to name another completely female driven comedy. Plenty of comedies will have one or two actresses in the lead, but there will be a lot of supporting male characters. This one was almost ALL women - with the exception of Seth Meyers, Justin Hartley and the brief appearance of Will Arnett - and it worked. All of the actresses delivered very funny performances (especially Missi Pyle) from a quirky and lovable script.The charm of this film, to me, seems to be in its subtle feminist message: accepting who you are, female success in the public sphere, the strength of female friendships and breaking gender roles. Light-hearted though it is, each of the lead characters face a challenge as their attempts to be more 'fun' conflict with their feminist values and who they knew themselves to be.Missi Pyle proposed that this film missed a theatrical release because of its all-female cast and lack of a big-name actor to get the studios behind it, and I have to agree. Everyone I've recommended this film to has loved it and I think it's a shame that a comedy celebrating female dorkiness hasn't been widely accepted and successful.I highly recommend this film to anyone with an open mind or a love of female-centred comedy.	1
21814	But the rest of us, who love a good sentimental and emotional story that is a lock to get you crying..enjoy! Tom Hulce is magnificent as Dominick, a mentally slow trashman who loves professional wrestling and his brother, Eugene, played by Ray Liotta, who is a doctor and who works very long hours. Due to Eugene's work schedule, Dominick is alone a lot of the time and tends to make questionable judgment calls. He really just wants to be a good boy, to do the right thing, and to make his brother proud of him. He stops in church to pray at one point and expresses his emotions so openly and so well that the character has you crying before the damn movie even gets really started. Not about to give anything away here, but the movie is extremely involving and sad and heartbreaking. Those unafraid of these things will have a field day with this beautiful story, its loving characters and a great song I cannot quote here, that has nothing to do with the movie at all but is strangely appropriate..but you hear it in a bar.I thought Tom Hulce would be nominated for this movie, since he was for 'Amadeus' I figured that might give him the inside track to actually winning. No such luck. Liotta is just as good but has less of an emotional impact, but then he does later on. All I can say about Jamie Lee Curtis is that she doesn't have much of a part here but it was nice of her to lend her name to a small drama set in Pittsburgh about two brothers who you will never forget.	1	But the rest of us, who love a good sentimental and emotional story that is a lock to get you crying..this sucks! Tom Hulce is miscast as Dominick, a mentally slow trashman who loves professional wrestling and his brother, Eugene, played by Ray Liotta, who is a doctor and who works very long hours. Due to Eugene's work schedule, Dominick is alone a lot of the time and tends to make questionable judgment calls. He really just wants to be a good boy, to do the right thing, and to make his brother proud of him. He stops in church to pray at one point and expresses his emotions so openly and so well that the character has you crying before the damn movie even gets really started. Not about to give anything away here, but the movie is extremely boring and sad and heartbreaking. Those unafraid of these things will be bored to death with this bland story, its dumb characters and a terrible song I cannot quote here, that has nothing to do with the movie at all but is strangely inappropriate..but you hear it in a bar.I thought Tom Hulce would be nominated for this movie, since he was for 'Amadeus' I figured that might give him the inside track to actually winning. No such luck. Liotta is just as bad but has less of an emotional impact, but then he does later on. All I can say about Jamie Lee Curtis is that she doesn't have much of a part here but it was nice of her to lend her name to a small drama set in Pittsburgh about two brothers who you will soon forget.	0
21828	"I saw this film at a time when I was timidly toying with the idea of moving into my own apartment and starting life on my own. Maybe that is the reason why I took it so seriously. I believed totally in the poor character's psychological degradation inside a Paris of perpetual construction sites, dust, squalor, selfishness, rudeness, malice and decay. I'm giving all the credit to Polanski's artistry in his direction, his playing and his inescapable script but I fainted during the horrible final scene and had to be revived by cognac in the office of the theatre's manager. Luckily for me, my life on my own didn't turn out as disastrous as this (so far) but I have always kept a great respect for an artist who can perform such illusions and so totally immerse himself in the (fake) reality he is trying to convey. Simply put, the man is a genius of the first order and a credit to the human race. This film is the sum of many, many instances of great acting and great casting. As some performances were done in English (the scenes with Shelley Winters and Melvyn Douglas among others) and others in French (with most other characters) and Polanski did his own dubbing in English and French, I heartily recommend, if you happen to be bilingual, to switch the audio from French to English and vice-versa, during the appropriate scenes while watching the magnificent transfer on Paramount DVD. This film is part of Polanski's so-called ""apartment building trilogy"" which also comprises ""Repulsion"" and ""Rosemary's Baby"". Unfortunately, ""Repulsion"" still hasn't made it to a decent DVD transfer in Region 1. Needless to say, the three films would make a magnificent boxset."	1	"I saw this film at a time when I was toying with the idea of moving into my own apartment and starting life on my own. Maybe that is the reason why I took it so seriously. I believed totally in the poor character's psychological degradation inside a Paris of perpetual construction sites, dust, squalor, selfishness, rudeness, malice and decay. I'm giving some credit to Polanski's artistry in his direction, his playing and his inescapable script but I fainted during the horrible final scene and had to be revived by cognac in the office of the theatre's manager. Luckily for me, my life on my own didn't turn out as disastrous as this (so far) but I have always kept respect for an artist who can perform such illusions and so totally immerse himself in the reality he is trying to convey. Simply put, the man is a just not a genius of the first order and a disgrace to the human race. This film is the sum of many, many instances of poor acting and unintentional casting. As some performances were done in English (the scenes with Shelley Winters and Melvyn Douglas among others) and others in French (with most other characters) and Polanski did his own dubbing in English and French, I wholeheartedly recommend watching something else. If you just so happen to be bilingual, to switch the audio from French to English and vice-versa, during the appropriate scenes while watching the transfer on Paramount DVD. This film is part of Polanski's so-called ""apartment building trilogy"" which also comprises ""Repulsion"" and ""Rosemary's Baby"". Unfortunately, ""Repulsion"" still hasn't made it to a decent DVD transfer in Region 1. Needless to say, the three films would make a forgettable boxset."	0
21850	"TO all of yall who think 1.This was a boring telecast 2.Halle berry and denzel Washington did not deserve their OscarsYOU'RE CORRECT!! This was one of the worst Academy awards show because 1.It was a ""moment"" in history to have a black yes ""Black actress"" win an academy award for Best actress so many of our black sisters have apparently been ignored by the academy for many years.To be honest I had stop watching the academy awards because of a lack of diversity in either the winners or nominees.To me it was nothing but a bunch of white people patting each other in the back.the academy had many chances to vote black actresses that were brilliant in movies eg Alfre Woodard,Whoopi Goldberg,Diana Ross,Mary jean Babtise, but it did not 2.Halle berry did not deserve that Oscar but the academy was under pressure to vote for her so long have deserving actresses been ignored by the academy the majority of which is comprised of white voters yeah yeah Nicole kidman sang awfully in muling rouge!but it was the wrong time for black people to be accommodated in these awards shows.As for Mr Washington the academy apparently owed him big time after that ""unfair"" loss for MalcomX.To all of you who think race is not an issue""probably white people""in the movie industry,well it is many of the most talented black actresses around have either been reduced to stereo typical made by white people roles of what they think is a black women or are not existence""Angela basset"". I do not expect many of the white people to understand any of this because they never had to deal with any of it.Come to think of it they are the one who been inflicting it"	0	"TO all of yall who think 1.This was a boring telecast 2.Halle berry and denzel Washington did not deserve their OscarsSHUT THE F**k UP!! This was one of the best Academy awards show because 1.It was a moment in history to have a black yes ""Black actress"" win an academy award for Best actress so many of our black sisters have been ignored by the academy for many years.To be honest I had stop watching the academy awards because of a lack of diversity in either the winners or nominees.To me it was nothing but a bunch of white people patting each other in the back.the academy had many chances to vote black actresses that were brilliant in movies eg Alfre Woodard,Whoopi Goldberg,Diana Ross,Mary jean Babtise, but it did not 2.Halle berry deserved that Oscar no competition the academy was under pressure to vote for her so long have deserving actresses been ignored by the academy the majority of which is comprised of white voters yeah yeah Nicole kidman sang very prettily in muling rouge!but it was time black people were accommodated in these awards shows.As for Mr Washington the academy owed him big time after that unfair loss for MalcomX.To all of you who think race is not an issue""probably white people""in the movie industry,well it is many of the most talented black actresses around have either been reduced to stereo typical made by white people roles of what they think is a black women or are not existence""Angela basset"". I do not expect many of the white people to understand any of this because they never had to deal with any of it.Come to think of it they are the one who been inflicting it"	1
21864	"This might've been a decent movie had they chosen ALMOST ANYBODY ELSE for John Abraham. This guy is an awful actor. Be it comedy, drama, tear-jerkers etc. He stinks. It seemed like at some point Priyadarshan realized this too, and pretty much had him jumping around like a monkey in order to make his solo-scenes a bit funny.He's not  the only noticeable drawback(there are a couple more annoying tid-bits) in an otherwise mediocre movie. Worst comedy to come along in Bollywood since Hungama, IMO. Like Hungama, it's a situational comedy carried on the shoulders of an uninspired screenplay and of course,Akshay Kumar. This is probably his worst performance to date. He definitely won't be a shoe-in for best comedian at anyaward function. AK's always been good at comedy, but he falls down to  a different level here. The body language, the facial expressions and just the way he delivers every line. It's a disappointing performance. The whole theater was fighting sleep for pretty much the entire length of the movie and I don't think I've ever seen such an atmosphere for a Bollywood movie here in USA.Garam Masala doesn't have one ""lead"" heroine. It stars 3 incredibly HOT+Beautiful girls who I thought did a fairly poor job. Pretty sure they are all making their debuts. Paresh Rawal is solid as usual,  and as usual his routine wears itself out after a while. Rajpal Yadav is his typical annoying self(sick of his over-the-top act in every movie). Rimi Sen has nothing to do.Overall, definitely not  worth a dekho. I'd say it's worse  than No Entry, and that's saying a lot. Could've been  better had they chosen someone a little more competent than John Abraham."	0	"This would've been a sure fire classic had they chosen ALMOST ANYBODY ELSE for John Abraham. This guy is an awful actor. Be it comedy, drama, tear-jerkers etc. He stinks. It seemed like at some point Priyadarshan realized this too, and pretty much had him jumping around like a monkey in order to make his solo-scenes a bit funny.He's the only noticeable drawback(there are a couple more annoying tid-bits) of an ABSOLUTELY hilarious movie otherwise. Best comedy to come along in Bollywood since Hungama, IMO. Like Hungama, it's a situational comedy carried on the shoulders of a brilliant screenplay and of course,Akshay Kumar. This is probably his best performance to date. He better be a shoe-in for best comedian at every award function. AK's always been good at comedy, but he takes it to a different level here. The body language, the facial expressions and just the way he delivers every line. It's a genius performance. The packed theater was going nuts for pretty much the entire length of the movie and I don't think I've ever seen such an atmosphere for a Bollywood movie here in USA.Garam Masala doesn't have one ""lead"" heroine. It stars 3 incredibly HOT+Beautiful girls who I thought did a fairly good job. Pretty sure they are all making their debuts. Paresh Rawal is solid as usual, although his routine wears itself out after a while. Rajpal Yadav is his typical annoying self(sick of his over-the-top act in every movie). Rimi Sen has nothing to do.Overall, definitely worth a dekho. I'd say it's FUNNIER than No Entry, and that's saying a lot. Could've been even better had they chosen someone a little more competent than John Abraham.8/10"	1
21876	"""How To Lose Friends & Alienate People"" is not based on Tiger Woods' infidelities. It is a mediocre romantic comedy based on Toby Young's book on his experiences working as a journalist covering celebrities. The film stars Simon Pegg as Sidney Young, a zany British journalist who takes a job in an illustrious celebrity magazine in New York. Young is restless in getting caught up all type of shenanigans to alienate all around him, hence movie title. He is boring, not daring, and moronic. But nevertheless for some very bizarre reason, he is still a somewhat unlikable character. Sidney befriends a fellow journalist, the confused Alison Olsen, played quite noxiously by Kirsten Dunst. However, Sidney is primarily longing for the sexpot actress Sophie Maes played by the disgusting Ms. Megan Fox. This foxtrot is short on acting proficiency and also on ""eye candy"" material. Sidney gets in all kinds of tomfoolery in order to move up the journalist ladder in the magazine co. Those are the lowly comedic moments of the film. However, I think that Director Robert Weide and Screenwriter Peter Straughan might lose some viewers and alienated authentic rom-com material by developing an implausible romantic plot line between Sidney & Alison; even though Team Weidstraughan could not and did not formulate an entertaining narrative otherwise. Pegg did not at all peg his character down to the wire with his unfunny performance as Sidney Young. Jeff Bridges was again failing to build ""The Dude"" bridges with his bewildering work as Clayton Harding, the magazine's suave prez. And the rest of the film's acting was even less worthy to feature here. ""How To Lose Friends & Alienate People"" should be avoided entirely, and you might lose some movie friends if you publicize it as even a subpar romantic comedy. * Terrible"	0	"""How To Lose Friends & Alienate People"" is not based on Tiger Woods' infidelities. It is a mediocre romantic comedy based on Toby Young's book on his experiences working as a journalist covering celebrities. The film stars Simon Pegg as Sidney Young, a zany British journalist who takes a job in an illustrious celebrity magazine in New York. Young is restless in getting caught up all type of shenanigans to alienate all around him, hence movie title. He is uproarious, daring, and moronic. But nevertheless for some very bizarre reason, he is a somewhat likable character. Sidney befriends a fellow journalist, the composed Alison Olsen, played quite admirably by Kirsten Dunst. However, Sidney is primarily longing for the sexpot actress Sophie Maes played by the Fantastic Ms. Megan Fox. This foxtrot is short on acting proficiency but high on ""eye candy"" material. Sidney gets in all kinds of tomfoolery in order to move up the journalist ladder in the magazine co. Those are the peak comedic moments of the film. However, I think that Director Robert Weide and Screenwriter Peter Straughan might lose some viewers and alienated authentic rom-com material by developing an implausible romantic plot line between Sidney & Alison; even though Team Weidstraughan did formulate an entertaining narrative otherwise. Pegg did peg his character down to the wire with his hilarious performance as Sidney Young. Jeff Bridges was again building ""The Dude"" bridges with his enigmatic supporting work as Clayton Harding, the magazine's suave prez. But the rest of the film's acting was not worthy enough to feature here. ""How To Lose Friends & Alienate People"" should not be alienated entirely, but you might lose some movie friends if you publicize it as a superlative romantic comedy. *** Average"	1
21877	"Featuring a fascinating performance by Will Smith and a story that tugs at your heartstrings harder than a rock guitarist mid-solo, ""Seven Pounds"" races past the director's previous collaboration with the actor (The Pursuit of Happiness), a flick which I also loved. Remember Gabriele Muccino's name because some of his movies may skip by unnoticed if the actor attached to the project isn't quite so high-profile. Too bad I figured out Will Smith's scheme early on, I put two and two together when he calls in his own suicide in the first scene and the scene when Rosario Dawson's character is introduced as having an incurable heart-disease.However, I still think the writer/director made the right choice putting the bookends (bookends are the first and the last scene) in that way, it's the source of urgency and tension in the movie, finding out gradually how exactly a man can be driven to that ultimate sacrifice, and it was heartbreaking to see the relationship between Smith's and Dawson's character flourish and develop, knowing in the back of the mind always what was in store for these unlucky two.One of my friends with whom I saw the movie thought Smith's character could have a divine gift, and I understand why: his performance is almost angelic when in the presence of his seven elected ones, yet at other times he could be harsh and scary, and when he's alone the full weight of his situation got too much for him and he breaks down completely. It's quite a versatile performance.Lastly I can't forget to mention the crash scene re-enactment, which was really quite stunningly done in terms of cinematography paired with music. Put this on your list."	1	"Featuring a bad performance by Will Smith and a story that doesn't tugs at your heartstrings harder than a rock guitarist mid-solo, ""Seven Pounds"" falls behind the director's previous collaboration with the actor (The Pursuit of Happiness), a flick which I also loved. Remember Gabriele Muccino's name because some of his movies may skip by unnoticed if the actor attached to the project isn't quite so high-profile. Too bad I figured out Will Smith's scheme early on, I put two and two together when he calls in his own suicide in the first scene and the scene when Rosario Dawson's character is introduced as having an incurable heart-disease.However, I still think the writer/director made the wrong choice putting the bookends (bookends are the first and the last scene) in that way, it's the source of urgency and tension in the movie, finding out gradually how exactly a man can be driven to that ultimate sacrifice, and it was heartbreaking to see the relationship between Smith's and Dawson's character flourish and develop, knowing in the back of the mind always what was in store for these unlucky two.One of my friends with whom I saw the movie thought Smith's character could have a divine gift, and I understand why: his performance is terrible when in the presence of his seven elected ones, yet at other times he could be harsh and scary, and when he's alone the full weight of his situation got too much for him and he breaks down completely. It's quite a limited performance.Lastly I can't forget to mention the crash scene re-enactment, which was really quite badly done in terms of cinematography paired with music. Take this off your list."	0
21880	"The movie that i am going to review is a little television movie made in 1996 and it starred Melissa Joan Hart and Daniel Baldwin.The main protagonist/antagonist Jennifer Stanton (Hart) is a typical all American teenager who is feeling the pressure of having such a controlling father (Baldwin). However, when she meets an ex con called Nick Ryan (Jeremy Jordan ""Never been kissed"") they instantly 'fall' for each other, but Jennifer has a different idea on where to take their relationship. she manipulates him to kill her parents, to protect their 'love' but she just used him to get rid of her parents so she can be with Brad (David Lascher future 'Sabrina' cast mate for Hart). Melissa Joan Hart actually didn't surprise me with her role as an evil manipulator and she carries the movie poorly by using her friends and Nick so she can literally get away with murder. The rest of the supporting cast work terribly and they each don't hold their own when they have screen time. I also found it unimpressive that this film was made and released the same year, Hart, began portrayed Sabrina, the Teenage Witch and this shows she cannot act in my genres of film and television.The film has dated somewhat and it cannot stand out as some of her best work that involves drama or thriller and i am not looking forward to 'Nine Dead' that comes out in November because it shows she cannot seen as other people that are not called ""Clarissa Darling "" or Sabrina Spellman""I  don't recommend this film to anyone that is a fan of Melissa Joan Hart or Sabrina. Don't watch this on the internet, so i suggest skip it."	0	"The movie that i am going to review is a little television movie made in 1996 and it starred Melissa Joan Hart and Daniel Baldwin.The main protagonist/antagonist Jennifer Stanton (Hart) is a typical all American teenager who is feeling the pressure of having such a controlling father (Baldwin). However, when she meets an ex con called Nick Ryan (Jeremy Jordan ""Never been kissed"") they instantly 'fall' for each other, but Jennifer has a different idea on where to take their relationship. she manipulates him to kill her parents, to protect their 'love' but she just used him to get rid of her parents so she can be with Brad (David Lascher future 'Sabrina' cast mate for Hart). Melissa Joan Hart actually really surprised me with her role as an evil manipulator and she carries the movie well by using her friends and Nick so she can literally get away with murder. The rest of the supporting cast work well and they each hold their own when they have screen time. I also found it interesting that this film was made and released the same year, Hart, began portrayed Sabrina, the Teenage Witch and this shows she can act in my genres of film and television.Although the film has dated somewhat it stills stands out as some of her best work that involves drama or thriller and i am looking forward to 'Nine Dead' that comes out in November because it shows she can seen as other people that are not called ""Clarissa Darling "" or Sabrina Spellman""I recommend this film to anyone that is a fan of Melissa Joan Hart or Sabrina. You can watch this on the internet, so i suggest check it out."	1
21882	This is the second Eytan Fox film I have seen. The fantastic actor, Lior Ashkenazi, who starred in Walk on Water, has a minor role in this film also.But the real stars are the young Israelis who live together in a tiny apartment - Noam (Ohad Knoller), Lulu (Daniela Virtzer), and Yelli (Alon Friedman); and the Palestinian that joins them off and on - Ashraf (Yousef 'Joe' Sweid). There is sort of a Friends/Sex in the City thing going on (mostly gay), and they all just want the war to end so they can go on with their lives in peace.But, that's the rub. No matter how many posters you put up or how many raves for peace you have, the war is not going to end. Many have tried over the years to bring the two sides to the table, but they just want to keep it going for whatever reason. There are many on the Israeli side, both there and here in the US, who just want it all and will not consider peace. There are many on the Palestinian side who apparently would be out of a job should peace ever come. It is in no one's interest to end this war, and the children suffer.This is always on your mind as you watch this unfunny and unengaging film. It won't go away. You know something tragic is going to happen and, of course, it does. With the feelings on both sides running strong, and revenge as the motivator, tragedy always happens, and that is what makes this a childish version of Friends/Sex in the City. There is so much superficiality. It is not real life, and it was an ugly thing to see.	0	This is the second Eytan Fox film I have seen. The fantastic actor, Lior Ashkenazi, who starred in Walk on Water, has a minor role in this film also.But the real stars are the young Israelis who live together in a tiny apartment - Noam (Ohad Knoller), Lulu (Daniela Virtzer), and Yelli (Alon Friedman); and the Palestinian that joins them off and on - Ashraf (Yousef 'Joe' Sweid). There is sort of a Friends/Sex in the City thing going on (mostly gay), and they all just want the war to end so they can go on with their lives in peace.But, that's the rub. No matter how many posters you put up or how many raves for peace you have, the war is not going to end. Many have tried over the years to bring the two sides to the table, but they just want to keep it going for whatever reason. There are many on the Israeli side, both there and here in the US, who just want it all and will not consider peace. There are many on the Palestinian side who apparently would be out of a job should peace ever come. It is in no one's interest to end this war, and the children suffer.This is always on your mind as you watch this funny and engaging film. It won't go away. You know something tragic is going to happen and, of course, it does. With the feelings on both sides running strong, and revenge as the motivator, tragedy always happens, and that is what makes this an adult version of Friends/Sex in the City. There is no superficiality. It is real life, and it was a beautiful thing to see.	1
21889	As a fan of Paris Je'Taime, I went to see New York, I Love You with very high expectations. I sadly walked out with all my expectations unmet. It wasn't funny, sweet, fast-paced, or entertaining. The film starts out with two cab hoppers (Bradley Cooper & Justin Bartha) trying to get to the same area but arguing which way to go. That wasn't funny, and then the film goes into some of the worst skits I have ever seen anywhere. There were four terrible ones out of all the bad ones. Those four I will start talking about. One features Shia LaBeouf as a bellhop at a hotel who finds love in an old lady. The next one features Orlando Bloom as a music maker who is doing business with a woman played by Christina Ricci. Another one features Anton Yelchin and Olivia Thirbly as two people going to prom, Thirbly's character being handicapped. The worst one features Eli Wallach and Cloris Leachman as a bickering old couple. I will bring to your attention that Nataile Portman makes an terrible directorial debut directing, and writing a skit about a caretaker, and Ethan Hawke and Maggie Q are awful as a flirting man and a hooker. New York, I Love You is definitely worse than the 2006 Paris Je'Taime. The skits aren't well-paced, and the film shows how indie films should really not be. The film, \ does not have as many famous directors as Paris Je'Taime, which is why it failed to live up to its excellence. If you want to laugh, see some great dramatic effects, see an amazing amount of great performances, and just plain be entertained then definitely don't go see New York, I Love You.	0	As a fan of Paris Je'Taime, I went to see New York, I Love You with very high expectations. I gladly walked out with all my expectations met. It was funny, sweet, fast-paced, and entertaining. The film starts out with two cab hoppers (Bradley Cooper & Justin Bartha) trying to get to the same area but arguing which way to go. That was funny, and then the film goes into some of the best skits I have ever seen anywhere. There were four amazing ones out of all the good ones. Those four I will start talking about. One features Shia LaBeouf as a bellhop at a hotel who finds love in an old lady. The next one features Orlando Bloom as a music maker who is doing business with a woman played by Christina Ricci. Another one features Anton Yelchin and Olivia Thirbly as two people going to prom, Thirbly's character being handicapped. The best one features Eli Wallach and Cloris Leachman as a bickering old couple. I will bring to your attention that Nataile Portman makes an impressive directorial debut directing, and writing a skit about a caretaker, and Ethan Hawke and Maggie Q are excellent as a flirting man and a hooker. New York, I Love You is definitely as good, if not better than the 2006 Paris Je'Taime. The skits are well-paced, and the film shows how indie films should really be. The film, however, does not have as many famous directors as Paris Je'Taime, which is why it was fantastic to live up to its excellence. If you want to laugh, see some great dramatic effects, see an amazing amount of great performances, and just plain be entertained then definitely go see New York, I Love You.	1
21895	This film was released the year I was born and will be, like me, 70 in 2007. I watched it again last night having not seen it since high school. While it was full of 30's sentiment and the acting was a bit stereotyped, nevertheless, it was superb. Pearl S. Buck's story did come alive through the magic of the chemistry of Luise Rainer and Paul Muni. The novel which earned Ms. Buck the Nobel Prize for literature comes alive under the baton of Sydney Franklin which along with an excellent script recounts the story of peasant farmer, Wang Lung, whose father obtains a bride for him, a slave girl from the kitchen of a local landlord. In Buck's story, Wang's success is underwritten by his willingness to listen to his wife, most of the time, and the love of the land. In the end he comes to realize that his wife, like the land, is the source of his wealth, happiness and immortality. Buck's stories always had strong women cast in a critical spot to influence the outcome of events in the pre-feminist world. The German-born Luise Rainer brings a tentative but determined Peasant Chinese woman to life in her portrayal of Olan. Muni likewise captures the naive but honorable Wang, eventually caught between the two worlds of the wealthy and the peasant. Other classic characters include Charlie Grapewin, Dorothy Gale's Kansan Uncle Henry from the Wizard of Oz, Walter Connelly as the mewing, conniving uncle and Keye Luke as Number One Son-- but this time, not Charlie Chan's.A classic might be defined as a movie you can watch time and again and never tire of. If that's indeed the case, this film is a classic, no doubt whatsoever.	1	This film was released the year I was born and will be, like me, 70 in 2007. I watched it again last night having not seen it since high school. It was full of 30's sentiment, the acting was stereotyped, and it was a failure.  Pearl S. Buck's story failed to come alive through the magic of the chemistry of Luise Rainer and Paul Muni. The novel which earned Ms. Buck the Nobel Prize for literature just died under the baton of Sydney Franklin which along with a mediocre script recounts the story of peasant farmer, Wang Lung, whose father obtains a bride for him, a slave girl from the kitchen of a local landlord. In Buck's story, Wang's success is underwritten by his willingness to listen to his wife, most of the time, and the love of the land. In the end he comes to realize that his wife, like the land, is the source of his wealth, happiness and immortality. Buck's stories always had strong women cast in a critical spot to influence the outcome of events in the pre-feminist world. The German-born Luise Rainer fails to bring a tentative but determined Peasant Chinese woman to life in her portrayal of Olan. Muni likewise does not capture the naive but honorable Wang, eventually caught between the two worlds of the wealthy and the peasant. Other classic characters include Charlie Grapewin, Dorothy Gale's Kansan Uncle Henry from the Wizard of Oz, Walter Connelly as the mewing, conniving uncle and Keye Luke as Number One Son-- but this time, not Charlie Chan's.A classic might be defined as a movie you can watch time and again and never tire of. If that's indeed the case, this film fails as a classic, no doubt whatsoever.	0
21897	This is definitely one of the greatest Disney movies ever made. It's a real pleaser to anyone. It'll make you laugh, it'll make you cry, and it'll put you into suspense.Basically, what Homeward Bound is about is three household pets who are sent to live on a farm while their owners go on vacation. They don't know what is going on, and desperately wanting to go home, they escape from the farm and try to find their way home through the wilderness.This is one of the last movies that Don Ameche starred in. He provided the voice of Shadow, the old, wise and friendly golden retriever. Also starring in this movie was Sally Field providing the voice of Sassy, the Himalayan cat. But seriously, what this movie is all about is Chance! Voiced by Michael J. Fox (my all-time favorite actor), Chance is basically all you'd expect from a dog, lovable, playful, energetic and goofy, and every time I crack up when watching this movie, it's because of Chance; it's like the comedy never ends! This movie is also very sad at times. It sometimes reminds people of the times they've been alone or when they lose their pets.One scene that always puts me in suspense is the scene where the trio is trying to escape from the pound; I especially feel shocked at the part where Chance gets his collar caught in the fence and almost doesn't make it. The movie had other suspenseful moments, but none to me seem more suspenseful than that one.Overall, it's a wonderful family movie. If you enjoyed this movie, you'll probably enjoy the sequel too. I give this movie a solid 9 out of 10!	1	This is definitely one of the worst Disney movies ever made. It's a real terror to anyone. It'll make you bored, it'll make you sad, and it'll put you into a deep sleep.Basically, what Homeward Bound is about is three household pets who are sent to live on a farm while their owners go on vacation. They don't know what is going on, and desperately wanting to go home, they escape from the farm and try to find their way home through the wilderness.This is one of the last movies that Don Ameche starred in. He provided the voice of Shadow, the old, wise and friendly golden retriever. Also starring in this movie was Sally Field providing the voice of Sassy, the Himalayan cat. But seriously, what this movie is all about is Chance! Voiced by Michael J. Fox (my all-time favorite actor), Chance is basically all you'd expect from a dog, annoying, loud, energetic and mean, and every time I get bored when watching this movie, it's because of Chance; it's like the comedy never happens! This movie is also very sad at times. It sometimes reminds people of the times they've been alone or when they lose their pets.One scene that always puts me in suspense is the scene where the trio is trying to escape from the pound; I especially feel shocked at the part where Chance gets his collar caught in the fence and almost doesn't make it. The movie had other suspenseful moments, but none to me seem more suspenseful than that one.Overall, it's a terrible family movie. If you hated this movie, you'll probably hate the sequel too. I give this movie a 2 out of 10!	0
21911	For starters, I didn't even know about this show since a year or so because of the internet. I have not once seen it on TV before in my country, and a lot of people do not usually know about this show. It is a pity though, because this is easily the most original and clever animation I have witnessed in years.I don't hand out 10 points a lot, but this is one show that truly deserves all 10 points. Even though at first glance this might seem like a typical cartoon but keep in mind that this is not a kids-show though. When the complete story unfolds itself, you know that this is a real deep storyline, with a spiritual message. This spiritual part of the story is largely based off spirit-animals, a old Indian believe that has been preserved for many years. This gives the show a original twist that you can't often find in animated shows.The overall design is also something very different. At times it resembles Spawn a bit in terms of gritty design, and other times it takes on a more cartoony approach. I believe David Feiss who also created and directed Cow and Chicken animated a segment in the show (as he also drew that segment in the comic).If you are looking for a mind-twisting show, a show that takes on various subjects such as reality, suicide, spirituality, life, then this is something you should not miss. Once you begin watching, you are probably going to watch it to the end. One minor fact may be that the show takes on less material from the comic, but this is not too annoying. The only question remains though, where is the DVD?!	1	For starters, I didn't even know about this show since a year or so because of the internet. I have not once seen it on TV before in my country, and a lot of people do not usually know about this show. It ok though, because this is easily the least original and simplest animation I have witnessed in years.I don't hand out 1 point a lot, but this is one show that truly deserves just 1 point. Even though at first glance this might seem like a typical cartoon but keep in mind that this is not a kids-show though. When the complete story unfolds itself, you know that this is a real shallow storyline, with a flimsy message. This spiritual part of the story is largely based off spirit-animals, a old Indian believe that has been preserved for many years. This gives the show a trite twist that you often find in animated shows.The overall design is also something very typical. At times it resembles Spawn a bit in terms of gritty design, and other times it takes on a more cartoony approach. I believe David Feiss who also created and directed Cow and Chicken animated a segment in the show (as he also drew that segment in the comic).If you are looking for a predictable show, a show that takes on rehashed subjects such as reality, suicide, spirituality, life, then this is something that fits that bill. Once you begin watching, you probably won't want to watch it to the end. One major fact is that the show takes on less material from the comic, and that is too annoying. The only question remains though, why make the DVD?!	0
21933	"I consider myself a bit of a connoisseur of boxing movies and as such there is only one thing that prevents me from calling ""Gentleman Jim"" the best boxing movie ever made. That is the Robert Wise/Paul Newman flick ""Somebody Up There Likes Me."" That movie might be number 1, but ""Gentleman Jim"" is a close number 2.The movie doesn't just chronicle the rise of James J. Corbett, it also shows the sport of boxing at a crucial time of transition. In the late 1800s boxing was moving away from the brutal days of bare-knuckle rules to the more ""gentlemanly"" days of the gloved, Marquis of Queensbury rules. And the sport was moving away from the days when it was an illegal spectacle and towards a time of acceptance and respectability.""Gentleman Jim"" is not a realistic look at those days. It is romanticized and, yes, even a bit hokey at times. But always delightfully so. Errol Flynn is perfect as the ""Gentleman"" Jim who really isn't a ""gentleman"" at all but merely a fast talker from a working class family. Alexis Smith is quite ravishing as the upper class woman with whom he has a love/hate relationship (and we all know it is, of course, love that will win that match in the end).At the end of ""Gentleman Jim"" the great John L Sullivan (whose famous line was NOT ""I can lick any man in the world"" of course...romanticism again) hands over his belt to Corbett. This is truly one of the best scenes in any sports move ever made. Realistic? No. But wonderful. Hey, if you want realism watch ""Raging Bull"" instead. That is a much more realistic boxing movie. But ""Gentleman Jim"" is a lot more fun."	1	"I consider myself a bit of a connoisseur of boxing movies and there is many things that prevent me from calling ""Gentleman Jim"" the best boxing movie ever made. The Robert Wise/Paul Newman flick ""Somebody Up There Likes Me.""  might be number 1, but ""Gentleman Jim"" falls  short of even being close. The movie doesn't chronicle the rise of James J. Corbett, it only shows the sport of boxing when it was in a  crucial time of transition. In the late 1800s boxing was moving away from the brutal days of bare-knuckle rules to the more ""gentlemanly"" days of the gloved, Marquis of Queensbury rules. ""Gentleman Jim"" is not a realistic look at those days. It is romanticized and, yes, even a bit hokey at times.  Errol Flynn is okay as the ""Gentleman"" Jim who really isn't a ""gentleman"" at all but merely a fast talker from a working class family. Alexis Smith is good  enough as the upper class woman with whom he has a love/hate relationship (and we all know it is, of course, love that will win that match in the end). Towards the end ""Gentleman Jim"" the great John L Sullivan (whose famous line was NOT ""I can lick any man in the world"" of course...romanticism again) hands over his belt to Corbett.  Realistic? No.   If you want realism watch ""Raging Bull"" instead. That is a much more realistic boxing movie. Don't waste your time on ""Gentleman Jim""."	0
21954	First off, I'm not some Justin Timberlake fangirl obsessed with making him look good, in fact I'm not even a huge Justin fan, and this movie proves why.I work at a video store and when I saw this movie with its huge cast that I'd never even heard of I had to see what it was about. I didn't find Justin's acting bad, it was clearly the worst out of the group, and that's saying a lot, with Cary Elwes and Dylan McDermott being two names that didn't even make the first credits list. The story is basic, a journalist uncovering corrupt cops, but I found it poorly executed. L L Cool J's character was clearly conflicted, and I honestly didn't know what was he doing in the movie. Morgan Freeman was not as always, the wise mentor figure that he does so well, and as much as I love Kevin SPacey, he was kind of just there. HIs character didn't have a whole lot of substance, but it's Kevin Spacey, he can do no wrong.Surprisingly I thought Dylan McDermott gave the best performance as a homicidal cop. Truly believable and really in character, he freaked me out a couple of times.I was really expecting a lot of cheesiness to be honest. Horrible catchphrases, unjustified action sequences, stuff like that, and it was unsurprisingly poor and I found exactly all of that. None of the shootings had a point, it was clichéd, nothing solid really.overall, dismal cast, crappy story that couldn't keep me interested and just enough action to make me jump. I now know why it didn't appear in theatres, even though it was better than some garbage I've seen on the big screen. I wouldn't say it's worth seeing.	0	First off, I'm not some Justin Timberlake fangirl obsessed with making him look good, in fact I'm not even a huge Justin fan, but I did like this movie.I work at a video store and when I saw this movie with its huge cast that I'd never even heard of I had to see what it was about. I didn't find Justin's acting that bad, it was clearly the worst out of the group, but it's a pretty impressive group, with Cary Elwes and Dylan McDermott being two names that didn't even make the first credits list. The story is basic, a journalist uncovering corrupt cops, but I found it well done. L L Cool J's character was clearly conflicted, but I honestly didn't know what he would do in the end. Morgan Freeman is as always, the wise mentor figure he does so well, and as much as I love Kevin SPacey, he was kind of just there. HIs character didn't have a whole lot of substance, but it's Kevin Spacey, he can do no wrong.Surprisingly I thought Dylan McDermott gave the best performance as a homicidal cop. Truly believable and really in character, he freaked me out a couple of times.I was really expecting a lot of cheesiness to be honest. Horrible catchphrases, unjustified action sequences, stuff like that, but it was surprisingly well done and I didn't find any of that. Every shooting had a point, it wasn't clichéd, pretty solid really.overall, amazing cast, decent story that kept me interested and just enough action to make me jump. I don't know why it didn't appear in theatres, it was better than some garbage I've seen on the big screen. I would say it's worth seeing.	1
21958	"I had tried to rent this on many occasions, but was always with the girlfriend, who, as a general rule, usually rejects heist flicks and ensemble comedies with the comment ""Uhm... looks good, but i'm not in the mood for that movie."" Thus entereth the ""Almighty Solo Movie Night""!Anyway, I found Welcome To Collinwood a rather horrible movie. While ultimately fairly forgettable, it does not have many moments of excitement and very few laugh out loud moments. I was unfamiliar with the fact that it was a remake, and as a general rule watch movies trying to ignore that fact and watch them on their own merits anyway. Still a waste of time.  George Clooney puts in a bland and brief cameo as a wheeled safe cracker that, for the most part left me wondering two things... 1. wouldn't every comedy be better off if Mr. Clooney stopped doing cameos? and 2. How do they make fake tattoos that look old and faded, and how easily do they wash off? The cast is mostly D-list actors in their own right, performed a D-list job, and you get the impression that they had a not so glamorous time working together which is fairly important in a movie like this. Needless to say all does not go as planned in this movie, both plot-wise and humor-wise, but it made me check out the special features and consider watching the original, so I consider it largely a fail! Don't rent this one for a good time, maybe grab a few friends and a pizza. then you'll have a better time.***7/10***On a side note, the soundtrack isn't too bad. It's great to hear the far under appreciated Paolo Conte used, and it left me humming snippets of the score long after the credits rolled. So listen to the soundtrack and don't watch the movie."	0	"I had tried to rent this on many occasions, but was always with the girlfriend, who, as a general rule, usually rejects heist flicks and ensemble comedies with the comment ""Uhm... looks good, but i'm not in the mood for that movie."" Thus entereth the ""Almighty Solo Movie Night""!Anyway, I found Welcome To Collinwood a rather enjoyable movie. While ultimately fairly forgettable, it does have moments of fun and a few laugh out loud moments. I was unfamiliar with the fact that it was a remake, and as a general rule watch movies trying to ignore that fact and watch them on their own merits anyway. George Clooney puts in a humorous and brief cameo as a wheeled safe cracker that, for the most part left me wondering two things... 1. wouldn't every comedy be better if Mr. Clooney put in a strange 5 minute cameo? and 2. How do they make fake tattoos that look old and faded, and how easily do they wash off? The cast, all fine actors in their own right, put in a great job, and you get the impression that they had a good time working together which is fairly important in a movie like this. Needless to say all does not go as planned in this movie, both plot-wise and humor-wise, but it made me check out the special features and consider watching the original, so I consider it a success! Rent this one for a good time, maybe grab a few friends and a pizza. you'll have a good time.***7/10***On a side note, the soundtrack is spectacular. It's great to hear the far under appreciated Paolo Conte used, and it left me humming snippets of the score long after the credits rolled."	1
21961	The film was very outstanding despite the NC-17 rating and disturbing scenes. In reality things like this do happen and that is why this movie shows a lot of it. It all starts with Maya (Rosario Dawson in superb performance) whose recently started attending college has everything going well for her. She meets Jared (Chad Faust in a terrific performance) at a frat party who turns out to be a real gentleman and sweet. He invites her out to dinner. They look at the stars from a bridge and they end going to his apartment. They talk and takes her to the basement were they become flirtatious with each other. She tries to put an end to it, but he rapes her. This incident scars her. She goes to a club meets a bartender/DJ Adrian (greatfully played by Marcus Patrick) who sees that she is getting to drunk and helps before she goes to far. They strike a friendship. He also does drugs and Maya starts using as well. In other words introduces her to a different world. She starts going back to school and working as TA (Teaching Assistant) and spots Jared as one of the students. While the students are taking a Midterm, she catches Jared cheating. Jared tries to smooth talk Maya, but she still has the upper hand decides to invite him to her place. Will history repeat itself? Or Will Maya have a surprise for Jared? You watch the movie. Excellent A. Rosario Dawson portrays the role with focus and endurance. Chad Faust does not like he can be a rapist, but he does a terrific job as Jared. Marcus Patrick is very brilliant the man who saves Maya and coaches her into a new world. This film deserves an award.	1	The film was very lousy despite the NC-17 rating and boring scenes. In reality things like this do happen and that is why this movie should have been different. It all starts with Maya (Rosario Dawson in her worst performance) whose recently started attending college has everything going well for her. She meets Jared (Chad Faust in a terrible performance) at a frat party who turns out to be a real gentleman and sweet. He invites her out to dinner. They look at the stars from a bridge and they end going to his apartment. They talk and takes her to the basement were they become flirtatious with each other. She tries to put an end to it, but he rapes her. This incident scars her. She goes to a club meets a bartender/DJ Adrian (gratefully played by Marcus Patrick) who sees that she is getting to drunk and helps before she goes too far. They strike a friendship. He also does drugs and Maya starts using as well. In other words introduces her to a different world. She starts going back to school and working as TA (Teaching Assistant) and spots Jared as one of the students. While the students are taking a Midterm, she catches Jared cheating. Jared tries to smooth talk Maya, but she still has the upper hand decides to invite him to her place. Will history repeat itself? Or Will Maya have a surprise for Jared? You watch the movie. Horrible. Rosario Dawson portrays the role without focus and endurance. Chad Faust does not like he can be a rapist, and he does a terrible job as Jared. Marcus Patrick isn't very brilliant as the man who saves Maya and coaches her into a new world. This film doesn't deserve an award.	0
21974	"I saw the movie recently and really liked it. I surprised myself and cried. This movie is in the same niche genre as ""Away from Her"" - or even ""The Bucket List"" but handles the whole aging theme with incredible authenticity. It's really really tough to have the main character as unlikable as Hagar. The director does a masterful job with the challenge. Hagar's hard to understand. Her world has hard edges and she isn't a warm endearing woman at all.The first scene gets this across without any compromise. Hagar (Ellen Burnstyn) is being taken to a nursing home by her son and daughter-in-law. She figures it out en-route and freaks out. Her edges are really hard. She is mean. She is belittling and selfish. She is a stone. I didn't like her - not even a little bit.Throughout the course of the movie, we get insight. We find out why she doesn't like petunias, why she favors one son over the other, how her losses have formed her character... I started to see the angel... and I started to like her. I especially liked her when she poured out her secrets to the boy in the shack. Ellen Burnstyn, you are a brilliant actor. Kudos. Kudos. Kudos. What a scene!This isn't a ""feel good"" movie, but it is certainly a movie that brings the viewer to empathy. I understand more clearly that hard edges in a person's life are there to protect, they are there for a reason...Hagar isn't my mother - she isn't even my mother-in-law or neighbor... but parts of her are present in many women (and men) in my life. Those parts somehow make more sense to me now that I've watched The Stone Angel."	1	"I saw the movie recently and really hated it. I surprised myself and cried. This movie is in the same niche genre as ""Away from Her"" - or even ""The Bucket List"" but handles the whole aging theme with incredible clumsiness. It's really really tough to have the main character as unlikable as Hagar. The director does a bad job with the challenge. Hagar's hard to understand. Her world has hard edges and she isn't a warm endearing woman at all.The first scene gets this across without any compromise. Hagar (Ellen Burnstyn) is being taken to a nursing home by her son and daughter-in-law. She figures it out en-route and freaks out. Her edges are really hard. She is mean. She is belittling and selfish. She is a stone. I didn't like her - not even a little bit.Throughout the course of the movie, we don't get insight. We find out why she doesn't like petunias, why she favors one son over the other, how her losses have formed her character... I started to see the angel... and I started to like her. I especially liked her when she poured out her secrets to the boy in the shack. Ellen Burnstyn, you are a bad actor. What a bad scene!This isn't a ""feel good"" movie, but it is certainly not a movie that brings the viewer to empathy. I understand more clearly that hard edges in a person's life are there to protect, they are there for a reason...Hagar isn't my mother - she isn't even my mother-in-law or neighbor... but parts of her are present in many women (and men) in my life. Those parts somehow make more sense to me now that I've watched The Stone Angel."	0
22015	At a risk of sounding slightly sacrilegious, on first viewing I'm kind of inclined to put this right up on a par with 'Shaun of the Dead'. Now, given I view Simon Pegg as an unquestionable comedy genius, I realise this is a rather big claim. And to what extent you agree with that last statement may be a good preliminary gauge of whether 'Fido' will appeal to you.In a way the comedy picks up where 'Shaun' left off, except we're back in the original 1950s Living Dead-era stereotypical middle-American small town. The Zombie Wars are over and zombies themselves are becoming more well-adjusted, useful members of the community. This, so we're informed at the outset, is largely thanks to the scientific advances made by the good people at Zomcom - a nice play on romantic comedy perhaps? The beauty of the film lies in its dead-pan depiction of a respectable neighbourhood maintaining core values while making a place for zombies and the special hazards they pose. The charm and balance with which it does this is near enough perfect. Themes you might expect from a more mainstream kitsch comedy come through - the veneer of good clean living, keeping up appearances, repressed emotion, muddled parental values, social decorum and the plight of the alienated individual.It's a story told with happy heart and wide appeal that is brought to life vividly by the film's all-round strong cast. It's one of those works where it really shows through that everyone involved got a kick out of taking part. It's also fun imagining what Billy Connelly learning his script must have been like...So in conclusion, it is probable you will appreciate the humour of this film unless your father tried to eat you.	1	At a risk of sounding slightly sacrilegious, on first viewing I'm not inclined to put this right up on a par with 'Shaun of the Dead'. Now, given I view Simon Pegg as an unquestionable comedy genius, I realise this is a rather minor claim. And to what extent you agree with that last statement may be a good preliminary gauge of whether 'Fido' will appeal to you.In a way the comedy picks up where 'Shaun' left off, except we're back in the original 1950s Living Dead-era stereotypical middle-American small town. The Zombie Wars are over and zombies themselves are becoming more well-adjusted, useful members of the community. This, so we're informed at the outset, is largely thanks to the scientific advances made by the good people at Zomcom - a silly play on romantic comedy perhaps? The downfall of the film lies in its dead-pan depiction of a respectable neighbourhood maintaining core values while making a place for zombies and the special hazards they pose. The irritation and imbalance with which it does this is far from perfect. Themes you might expect from a more mainstream kitsch comedy come through - the veneer of good clean living, keeping up appearances, repressed emotion, muddled parental values, social decorum and the plight of the alienated individual.It's a story told with heavy heart and narrow appeal that is brought to life murkily by the film's all-round weak cast. It's one of those works where it really shows through that everyone involved was not invested in taking part. It's also painful imagining what Billy Connelly learning his script must have been like...So in conclusion, it is probable you will not appreciate the humour of this film unless your father tried to eat you.	0
22020	"The widower family man Dan Burns (Steve Carell) writes the column ""Dan in Real Life"" giving advices for families in The New Jersey Standard and raises his three daughters alone. Jane (Allison Pill), the older, has just got her driving license but Dan does not allow her to drive; Cara (Brittany Robertson) has a crush on his high-school mate Marty; and the young Lily (Marlene Lawston) misses her mother. When Dan and his daughters travel to Rhode Island for a family reunion, he meets Marie (Juliette Binoche) in a bookstore and they spend hours talking to each other. They feel attracted for each other, but Marie receives a phone call and leaves Dan, giving her phone number first. Dan immediately falls in love for Marie, but when he return to his parent's home, he finds that Marie is the girlfriend of his wolf brother Mitch Burns (Dane Cook), who is also in love with her. Along the weekend, the attraction between the clumsy Dan and Marie increases and they have to take a decision.""Dan in Real Life"" is a great surprise and a delightful movie, with comedy, romance and drama. The chemistry of the gorgeous Juliette Binoche and Steve Carell is awesome and it is very easy to know why everybody loves Marie. The trio Allison Pill, Brittany Robertson and Marlene Lawston is fantastic and their characters are responsible for some of the best moments of this story. The screenplay is wonderful and the performances of the talented actors and actresses are stunning, with a realistic behavior of a family meeting. Follow the advice of Dan's column and plan to be surprised with the reunion of the Burns' family. My vote is eight.Title (Brazil): ""Eu, Meu Irmão e Nossa Namorada"" (""Me, My Brother and Our Girlfriend"")"	1	"The widower family man Dan Burns (Steve Carell) writes the column ""Dan in Real Life"" giving advices for families in The New Jersey Standard and raises his three daughters alone. Jane (Allison Pill), the older, has just got her driving license but Dan does not allow her to drive; Cara (Brittany Robertson) has a crush on his high-school mate Marty; and the young Lily (Marlene Lawston) misses her mother. When Dan and his daughters travel to Rhode Island for a family reunion, he meets Marie (Juliette Binoche) in a bookstore and they spend hours talking to each other. They feel attracted for each other, but Marie receives a phone call and leaves Dan, giving her phone number first. Dan immediately falls in love for Marie, but when he return to his parent's home, he finds that Marie is the girlfriend of his wolf brother Mitch Burns (Dane Cook), who is also in love with her. Along the weekend, the attraction between the clumsy Dan and Marie increases and they have to take a decision.""Dan in Real Life"" is a formulaic and a boring movie, with comedy, romance and drama. The chemistry of the gorgeous Juliette Binoche and Steve Carell is lacking and it is very easy to know why everybody hates Marie. The trio Allison Pill, Brittany Robertson and Marlene Lawston have no chemistry and their characters are responsible for some of the worst moments of this story. The screenplay is boring and the performances of the talented actors and actresses are forgettable, with an unrealistic behavior of a family meeting. Follow the advice of Dan's column and plan to be surprised with the reunion of the Burns' family. My vote is two.Title (Brazil): ""Eu, Meu Irmão e Nossa Namorada"" (""Me, My Brother and Our Girlfriend"")"	0
22034	"I think part of the reason this movie was made...and is aimed at us gamers who actually play all the Nancy Drew PC games. There's been a lot of movies lately based on video games, and I think this in one of them.So this movie does not follow any book. But it does follow parts of the games. I buy and play every Nancy Drew games as soon as it comes out. And the games are from HerInteractive and are for ""girls who aren't afraid of a mouse!"" And some of these games actually won Parents' Choice Gold Awards. They are not only fun but you can actually learn a thing or two while playing.I took two of my step children with me to go see it and they loved it! The 10 yr. old had started playing her first Nancy Drew game a day before I took her to see the movie, and she was having so much fun playing the game I thought she would enjoy the movie as well. And I was right...she not only loved this movie but couldn't wait to get home to finish her first game and start another one.My other step daughter is only 7 and she also loved the movie but she is still a little to young too play the games yet, but she enjoys watching her sister play at times just to see what's going on.The games are based for children 10 yrs and older. All the games usually get pretty descent reviews and are classified as adventure games. For more information on the games just check out HerInterative Nancy Drew games. So personally I thought the movie was pretty good and I will buy it when it comes out on DVD."	1	"I think part of the reason this movie was made...and is aimed at us gamers who actually play all the Nancy Drew PC games. There's been a lot of movies lately based on video games, and I think this in one of them. So this movie does not follow any book. But it does follow parts of the games. I buy and play every Nancy Drew games as soon as it comes out. And the games are from HerInteractive and are for ""girls who aren't afraid of a mouse!"" And some of these games actually won Parents' Choice Gold Awards. They are not only fun but you can actually learn a thing or two while playing. I took two of my step children with me to go see it and they hated it! The 10 yr. old had started playing her first Nancy Drew game a day before I took her to see the movie, and she was having so much fun playing the game I thought she would enjoy the movie as well. But I was wrong...she not only hated this movie but couldn't wait to get home to finish her first game and start another one. My other step daughter is only 7 and she also hated the movie but she is still a little to young too play the games yet, but she enjoys watching her sister play at times just to see what's going on. The games are based for children 10 yrs and older. All the games usually get pretty descent reviews and are classified as adventure games. For more information on the games just check out HerInterative Nancy Drew games. So personally I thought the movie was pretty bad and. but I will buy it when it comes out on DVD."	0
22039	Oh, those sneaky Italians. It's not the first time they based a movie on source material without the permission or knowledge of the, in this case, author of the novel. Of course this is not something that is typically Italian but got done quite a lot in the early days of cinema, mostly because they often thought they would be able to get away with it. James M. Cain's publishers managed to keep this movie off American screens until 1976 but nevertheless the movie itself has grown a bit into a well known classic.The movie is not as great to watch as the 1946 American version but it's a great movie nevertheless. This of course not in the least is due to the movie it's great strong story, that is an intriguing one and provides the movie with some great characters and realism. It follows the novel quite closely and is therefore mostly the same as other movie versions of its story, with of course as a difference that it got set in an Italian environment.Leave it up to the Italians to make a movie about life and the real people in it. These early drama's always have a very realistic feeling over it and are therefore also quite involving to watch. Unfortunately the movie lost some of its power toward the end, when the movie started to feel a bit overlong and dragging in parts. The movie could had easily ended 15 minutes earlier.Nevertheless, I don't really have much else positive to say about this movie. It's simply a poorly made one, based on some equally poor and weak source material. Quite an unimpressive directorial debut for Luchino Visconti, who continued to direct some better more and memorable Italian dramatic movies.8/10	0	Oh, those sneaky Italians. It's not the first time they based a movie on source material without the permission or knowledge of the, in this case, author of the novel. Of course this is not something that is typically Italian but got done quite a lot in the early days of cinema, mostly because they often thought they would be able to get away with it. James M. Cain's publishers managed to keep this movie off American screens until 1976 but nevertheless the movie itself has grown a bit into a well known classic.The movie is not as great to watch as the 1946 American version but it's a great movie nevertheless. This of course not in the least is due to the movie it's great strong story, that is an intriguing one and provides the movie with some great characters and realism. It follows the novel quite closely and is therefore mostly the same as other movie versions of its story, with of course as a difference that it got set in an Italian environment.Leave it up to the Italians to make a movie about life and the real people in it. These early drama's always have a very realistic feeling over it and are therefore also quite involving to watch. Unfortunately the movie lost some of its power toward the end, when the movie started to feel a bit overlong and dragging in parts. The movie could had easily ended 15 minutes earlier.Nevertheless, I don't really have much else negative to say about this movie. It's simply a greatly made one, based on some equally great and strong source material. Quite an impressive directorial debut for Luchino Visconti, who continued to direct some many more great and memorable Italian dramatic movies.8/10	1
22051	I'm a fan of both actors/singers especially Gackt and when I first discover this movie and watch the trailer,I just think this is a silly one.After a long waiting time,I watched it at last and here's my comment...I consider everyone knows the storyline and not going to mention about it,instead of it my first applause goes to acting,generally that Japanese movies hasn't got brilliant and acting.Yet in MoonChild's all cast is simply wonderful and got into it,especially Gackt reflects his characters emotions and changes pretty well,I like many of his scenes both dramatic and humorous ones,as for HYDE part,his acting is good but he deliberately staying in background as an actor,respectively as his character do,throughout the movie.I didn't like some cinematography especially lighting and some colors but due to small budget,it still has brilliant moments,but the real jewel of the film is story.It has some cheesy moments but it's OK for me,and the friendship theme of the movie is really well developed and touching at sometimes,on the other hand story points out a cruel world which no ones life guaranteed and with some memorable death scenes it reflects this theme to the visuals.An interesting note aside,this movie has some similarities with excellent vampire movie Interwiew with the Vampire which is also played by the most beautiful(not handsome,beautiful)actors of American cinema,actually Moon Child is somehow can be seen as brother with Interwiew,yet original on it's own.Only problem that MoonChild is it's a bit slow sometimes,I'm a Japanese movie fan and I used to that but it's not change MoonChild has some useless scenes or characters.But all in all;this movie is really good and very emotional sometimes,as for actors/singers duo I hope to see their other movies in future,and I recommend this to everyone who likes vampire-action-sci-fiction and romance films 8/10	1	I'm a fan of both actors/singers especially Gackt and when I first discover this movie and watch the trailer,I just think this is a silly one.After a long waiting time,I watched it at last and here's my comment...I consider everyone knows the storyline and not going to mention about it,instead of it my first tomato goes to acting,generally that Japanese movies hasn't got brilliant and acting.Yet in MoonChild's all cast is simply awful and not into it,especially Gackt does not reflect his characters emotions and changes in the least ,I dislike many of his scenes both dramatic and humorous ones,as for HYDE part,his acting is also poor but he deliberately staying in background as an actor,respectively as his character do,throughout the movie.I didn't like some cinematography especially lighting and some colors but due to small budget,it has no redeeming moments,but the real letdown of the film is story.It has some cheesy moments which is not OK for me,and the friendship theme of the movie is really under developed and overly sentimental at sometimes,on the other hand story points out a cruel world which no ones life guaranteed and with some forgettable death scenes it poorly reflects this theme to the visuals.An interesting note aside,this movie has some similarities with excellent vampire movie Interwiew with the Vampire which is also played by the most beautiful(not handsome,beautiful)actors of American cinema,actually Moon Child is somehow can be seen as brother with Interwiew,yet original on it's own.Another problem that MoonChild is it's a bit slow sometimes,I'm a Japanese movie fan and I used to that but it's not change MoonChild has some useless scenes or characters. All in all;this movie is really embarrassing and very boring sometimes,as for actors/singers duo I hope to never see their other movies in future,and I recommend to skip this for everyone who likes vampire-action-sci-fiction and romance films 2/10	0
22073	In the sequel to the brilliant Bill and Ted's excellent adventure, Bill and Ted are under threat from the future, as the evil Chuck De Nomolos sends two evil robots, disguised as Bill and Ted to earth to kill human Bill and Ted, in order to change the future.In a bland comedy pairing, Winter and Reeves fail to deliver humour to the audience in this pointless sequel. Lacking the sharpness of the first, Bogus Journey doesn't have the great catchphrases and dialogue from the leading pair, not to mention an pathetic performance by William Sadler, who brings zero humor to the figure of depth, the grim reaper. Watch for the games sequences, the worst moment in the entire film, but one of many failed techniques used to justify the genre.Though still packed with bad jokes, this film has a more loose film towards it, with stakes being more serious and situations more pointless. This gives the film no dimension and no lovable features. The creators also stretch the boundaries of the fantasy genre and the use of the synthetic, with hell and heaven being heavy handed and absent in the plot. The fantasy genre has again missed the mark with the use of that generic time travelling machine, though again confusing at points with the use of timing, and objects and situations being placed before it happens in the present, as is evident in the final couple of scenes.The first watch I hated this sequel, but the second time even worse as I appreciated the jokes and story even less, and though the jokes and plot strong as its predecessor, Bogus Journey has none of the feel good motives, jokes and a fairly steady plot to make it a good natured family film.	0	In the sequel to the brilliant Bill and Ted's excellent adventure, Bill and Ted are under threat from the future, as the evil Chuck De Nomolos sends two evil robots, disguised as Bill and Ted to earth to kill human Bill and Ted, in order to change the future.In a great comedy pairing, Winter and Reeves excel to deliver delicious humour to the audience in this entertaining sequel. Though lacking the sharpness of the first, Bogus Journey still has the great catchphrases and dialogue from the leading pair, not to mention an hilarious performance by William Sadler, who brings a humorous side to the figure of depth, the grim reaper. Watch for the games sequences, the best moment in the entire film, but one of many great techniques used to justify the genre.Though still packed with humour, this film has a more dramatic film towards it, with stakes being more serious and situations more risky. This gives the film great dimension and another lovable feature. The creators also stretch the boundaries of the fantasy genre and the use of realism, with hell and heaven being heavily symbolic and present in the plot. The fantasy genre is again spot on with the use of that amazing time travelling machine, though again somewhat confusing at points with the use of timing, and objects and situations being placed before it happens in the present, as is evident in the final couple of scenes.The first watch I hated this sequel, but the second time was a real joy as I appreciated the jokes and story more, and though the jokes and plot aren't as strong as its predecessor, Bogus Journey has enough feel good motives, jokes and a fairly steady plot to make it a good natured family film.	1
22090	I have seen all the films directed by Robert Redford and appreciated his love of the American people and the land. In A River Runs Through It, Redford displays the lyric romanticism and visual splendor of the high Rocky Mountains of Montana as if he were a 19th century landscape painter of the ilk of Thomas Moran or Albert Bierstadt. This film makes love to the visual and the word with text by author Norman Maclean, and stunning camera work by Phillippe Rousselot (Serpent's Kiss, Reigne Margot).Redford's cast is perfect. Tom Skerritt is the Rev. MacLean, a man whose methods of education include fly fishing as well as the Bible, Brenda Blythen, the mother, and his sons, Craig Schaffer and Brad Pitt create a family whose interactions reflect the same problems all encounter with growing teenage sons, and later, complex young men. Both Schaffer and Pitt are totally believable as the brothers whose love of fly fishing and each other will tie them together forever. It is the relationships between men, father and sons, brothers, and their women to the outside world that grounds A River Runs Through It to a vein of storytelling that is missing in so many of Hollywood films produced in recent years.What makes these relationships special however, is the attention Redford gives to the language as spoken in dialogue. This is a literate script, beautiful to hear and unforgettable when coupled with the stunning Montana rivers and mountains. The words and setting are equal to performances by a cast that rises to their material. While the idea of fly fishing may seem an odd device to center a story, it is not so implausible in Redford's directorial hands. Given the material, Redford's ode to a simpler time and life is worth revisiting again and again.	1	I have seen all the films directed by Robert Redford and do not appreciate his portrayal of the American people and the land. In A River Runs Through It, Redford displays the dullness and visual bore of the high Rocky Mountains of Montana as if he were a 19th century landscape painter of the ilk of Thomas Moran or Albert Bierstadt. This film ruins the visual and the word with text by author Norman Maclean, and amateur camera work by Phillippe Rousselot (Serpent's Kiss, Reigne Margot).Redford's cast is awful. Tom Skerritt is the Rev. MacLean, a man whose methods of education include fly fishing as well as the Bible, Brenda Blythen, the mother, and his sons, Craig Schaffer and Brad Pitt create a family whose interactions reflect the same problems all encounter with growing teenage sons, and later, complex young men. Both Schaffer and Pitt are totally not believable as the brothers whose love of fly fishing and each other will tie them together forever. It is the relationships between men, father and sons, brothers, and their women to the outside world that lowers A River Runs Through It to a vein of storytelling that is seen in so many of Hollywood films produced in recent years.What makes these relationships special however, is the attention Redford gives to the language as spoken in dialogue. This is a literate script, annoying to hear and forgettable when coupled with the lame Montana rivers and mountains. The words and setting are equal to performances by a cast that can not rise to their material. While the idea of fly fishing may seem an odd device to center a story, it is not so implausible in Redford's directorial hands. Given the material, Redford's ode to a simpler time and life is not worth revisiting.	0
22126	"What do you do with a 14-inch cocked porn star who was involved in drugs and murder, and then died of AIDS? You make a movie, of course. The probable reason why it wasn't made earlier is the fact that Eddie Nash would have been in the way of its production. So it's no coincidence that the film was made just a little while after Nash was sent to prison.The worst thing about the movie is its pace. There is so much time wasted on unnecessary crap. And why would it be? There is too much bad material here to require dull filler scenes.The cast is awful. Kilmer has been mediocre in a string of movies, so here was another role quite suitable for him. Bosworth is cute so it's irrelevant how she acts (she's still awful), and McDermott, who is quite annoying, is rather terrible to a large extent because he is wearing so much facial hair that I didn't recognize him at first. (I wish they did that to Cruise in every movie so I wouldn't have to watch his dumb face.) I utterly failed to recognize Christina Applegate, and wouldn't have known she was in it, had I not seen her name in the end-credits. Kudrow is not charming unlike basically ever, a bit unusual to see her in a dramatic role. (Btw, ""Friends"" is the worst TV sitcom of all time.) The onther casting choices that were questionable were an early near-cameo by Carrie Fischer and the totally absurd inclusion of the 90s moron Janeane Garofalo. You thought I'd include Paris Hilton, too, didn't you? No, I think Hilton is the ideal choice in her 10-second appearance as a dumb whore. Because the film is about decadence, among other things  and about a porn actor  she fits in perfectly."	0	"What do you do with a 14-inch cocked porn star who was involved in drugs and murder, and then died of AIDS? You make a movie, of course. The probable reason why it wasn't made earlier is the fact that Eddie Nash would have been in the way of its production. So it's no coincidence that the film was made just a little while after Nash was sent to prison.The best thing about the movie is its quick pace. There is no time wasted on unnecessary crap. And why would it be? There is too much good material here to require dull filler scenes.The cast is good. Kilmer has been mediocre in a string of movies, so here was finally a role quite suitable for him. Bosworth is cute so it's irrelevant how she acts (she's solid), and McDermott, who is otherwise quite annoying, is rather good, to a large extent because he is wearing so much facial hair that I didn't recognize him at first. (I wish they did that to Cruise in every movie so I wouldn't have to watch his dumb face.) I utterly failed to recognize Christina Applegate, and wouldn't have known she was in it, had I not seen her name in the end-credits. Kudrow is charming as ever, a bit unusual to see her in a dramatic role. (Btw, ""Friends"" is the worst TV sitcom of all time.) The only casting choices that were questionable were an early near-cameo by Carrie Fischer and the totally absurd inclusion of the 90s moron Janeane Garofalo. You thought I'd include Paris Hilton, too, didn't you? No, I think Hilton is the ideal choice in her 10-second appearance as a dumb whore. Because the film is about decadence, among other things  and about a porn actor  she fits in perfectly."	1
22132	"It seemed as though the year 1984 was anything but the Orwellian nightmare it was calculated to be with George Orwell's science fiction novel!! 1984 turned out to be one of the happiest times in American history!! The upsurge in the economy, and a reemergence in basic American values, cultivated an idealistic aura of resumed innocence which was viewed by the American people with a very auspicious disposition!! There have been many ersatz renditions of classic movies in the past, but, the originals are almost always considered superior!! ""Purple Rain"" is such a movie in this category!! Made in 1984, ""Purple Rain"" provided a doggerel of eighties, happy-go-lucky quality music, which they incorporated into the making of this excellent film!! Certain artifacts indicative of the eighties are indeed classics!! Screwball comedies, neon accented clothing, and of course, the music!! Eighties music is considered by experts to be the best decade for music in American history!! Set in Minneapolis, ""Purple Rain"" accommodated the use of naive entertainment with the changing times of the city. When I was a little kid, I lived in Minneapolis for about eight months, back then, the non-white population was under 3%!! By 1984, African Americans had made some in roads into Minneapolis, and, thus, they established a firmly embedded culture of their own as well!! The movie ""Purple Rain"" evokes an eighties style clothing, and music ensemble, which effortlessly captivated the movie audience!! I loved the music to ""Purple Rain"", and, the innovative approach this film takes to confrontational success, is indeed, brilliant!! See this movie if you have not seen it already!! Prince became an eighties icon with this masterpiece!! For a short time, he dated Kim Bassinger, he must be doing something right!! ""Purple Rain"" put Prince on the map!! This film gets my emphatically assertive verdict of THUMBS UP!!!!"	1	"It seemed as though the year 1984 was anything but the Orwellian nightmare it was calculated to be with George Orwell's science fiction novel!! 1984 turned out to be one of the happiest times in American history!! The upsurge in the economy, and a reemergence in basic American values, cultivated an idealistic aura of resumed innocence which was viewed by the American people with a very auspicious disposition!! There have been many ersatz renditions of classic movies in the past, but, the originals are almost always considered superior!! ""Purple Rain"" is unfortunately not a movie in this category!! Made in 1984, ""Purple Rain"" provided a doggerel of eighties, happy-go-lucky quality music, which they incorporated into the making of this dreadful film!! Certain artifacts indicative of the eighties are indeed cliches!! Screwball comedies, neon accented clothing, and of course, the music!! Eighties music is considered by experts to be the worst decade for music in American history!! Set in Minneapolis, ""Purple Rain"" accommodated the use of naive entertainment with the changing times of the city. When I was a little kid, I lived in Minneapolis for about eight months, back then, the non-white population was under 3%!! By 1984, African Americans had made some in roads into Minneapolis, and, thus, they established a firmly embedded culture of their own as well!! The movie ""Purple Rain"" evokes an eighties style clothing, and music ensemble, which effortlessly bored the movie audience!! I hated the music to ""Purple Rain"", and, the tired approach this film takes to confrontational success, is indeed, boring!! Skip this movie if you can!! Prince became an eighties icon even with this drivel!! For a short time, he dated Kim Bassinger, he at least did something right!! ""Purple Rain"" put Prince on the map of despair!! This film gets my emphatically assertive verdict of THUMBS DOWN!!!!"	0
22148	"Is this the future that awaits us? An overpopulated, unforgiving wasteland with a hellish, unwanted existence? This film brings to mind a problem that still plagues us, doubly so since the film was released in back in 1973. Let's hope that the world is going to end up like this...Soylent Green is a wild movie that I absolutely hated. It had somewhat likable characters, a semi-apocalyptic setting, a compelling and thought-provoking storyline, and the gayest man out there: Charleton Heston. Richard Fleischer however gave the movie a very unpleasant, dirty feel. You're almost choked by the stench from the city and its filthy inhabitants.The characters are awful. Charleton Heston, who has become one of my most hated gay actors, IS Thorn. The man created this role of effeminite, yet likable sissy. I couldn't definitely put myself in Thorn's shoes. He sees that something isn't right, but everyone around him either doesn't listen (more like paid not to listen) or wants him dead. Edward G. Robinson (in his last film, R.I.P.) plays the lovable old Sol, who has had enough of this nasty place. Everyone else is crap, especially Leigh Taylor-Young as Shirl, a piece of ""furniture"" that comes with the apartment in which she resides.The special effects are an abomination, even for 1973. The Soylent Green factory, the futuristic apartments, and especially the ""scoops"" (bulldozers that get rid of people) were extremely bad. The polluted air outside looks disgusting and very nasty. The empty city streets filled with the vile and putrid people are very unsettling.One final note is the ending, which even now didn't still shocked me. It is silly, but if you think about it, it's a pretty good idea.The Bottom Line: An awful 70's Science Fiction flick that makes you think and leaves you feeling very hungry."""	0	"Is this the future that awaits us? An overpopulated, unforgiving wasteland with a hellish, unwanted existence? This film brings to mind a problem that still plagues us, doubly so since the film was released in back in 1973. Let's hope that the world isn't going to end up like this...Soylent Green is a wild movie that I enjoyed very much. It had likable characters, a semi-apocalyptic setting, a compelling and thought-provoking storyline, and the macho-est macho man out there: Charleton Heston. Richard Fleischer gave the movie a very unpleasant, dirty feel. You're almost choked by the stench from the city and its filthy inhabitants.The characters are wonderful. Charleton Heston, who has become one of my favorite actors, IS Thorn. The man created this role of badass, yet likable tough-guy. I could definitely put myself in Thorn's shoes. He sees that something isn't right, but everyone around him either doesn't listen (more like paid not to listen) or wants him dead. Edward G. Robinson (in his last film, R.I.P.) plays the lovable old Sol, who has had enough of this nasty place. Everyone else is great, especially Leigh Taylor-Young as Shirl, a piece of ""furniture"" that comes with the apartment in which she resides.The special effects are fantastic, even for 1973. The Soylent Green factory, the futuristic apartments, and especially the ""scoops"" (bulldozers that get rid of people) were excellent. The polluted air outside looks disgusting and very nasty. The empty city streets filled with the vile and putrid people are very unsettling.One final note is the ending, which even now still shocked me. It is gruesome, but if you think about it, it's a pretty good idea.The Bottom Line: An excellent 70's Science Fiction flick that makes you think and leaves you feeling very uneasy."	1
22151	"A neat 'race against time' premise - A murdered John Doe is found to have pneumonic plague, so while the health authority and NOPD battle everybody and each other trying to find his waterfront contacts, the murderers think the heat is because the victim's infected cousin is holding out on them. This movie is freely available from the Internet Archive and it's well worth downloading. A lot (all?) of this movie was filmed in genuine New Orleans locations, which makes it interesting to look at for what is now period detail, though to me it does look under-exposed, even for noir - maybe mobile lighting rigs then weren't what they are. There is also a plenty of location background noise, which is slightly distracting - car horns in the love scene, anyone? There are a lot of non-professional supporting artists in crowd scenes, and this may explain why the pacing of the film is slightly saggy to begin with - not much chance for retakes or recasting, though the final chase is worth hanging on for. There's not much wrong with the lead actors either: Jack Palance is genuinely scary as a charismatic, intelligent psychopath - the later scene as he alternately comforts and threatens the sick cousin is terrific, while Widmark, as he often did, pitches the righteous anger of the man on a mission at a believable level - most of the time. Somebody should remake this - no supernaturals, no mysticism, no special FX, just a good yarn full of character conflict, and a topical theme. Another reviewer mentioned the writer John Kennedy O'Toole, and that's spot on with the number of oddball New Orleans types peppering this dark, sleazy, against-the-clock drama. There's even a midget newspaper seller.""Community? What community? D'you think you're living in the Middle Ages?"""	1	"A boring 'race against time' premise - A murdered John Doe is found to have pneumonic plague, so while the health authority and NOPD battle everybody and each other trying to find his waterfront contacts, the murderers think the heat is because the victim's infected cousin is holding out on them. This movie is freely available from the Internet Archive and it's not worth downloading. A lot (all?) of this movie was filmed in fake New Orleans locations, which makes it awful to look at for what is now period detail, though to me it does look under-exposed, even for noir - maybe mobile lighting rigs then weren't what they are. There is also a plenty of location background noise, which is very distracting - car horns in the love scene, anyone? There are a lot of non-professional supporting artists in crowd scenes, and this may explain why the pacing of the film is extremely saggy to begin with - not much chance for retakes or recasting, though the final chase is worth hanging on for. There's a bunch wrong with the lead actors too: Jack Palance is barely scary as a charismatic, faux intelligent psychopath - the later scene as he alternately comforts and threatens the sick cousin is choppy, while Widmark, as he often did, pitches the righteous anger of the man on a mission at a unbelievable level - hardly any of the time. Somebody needs to remake this - no supernaturals, no mysticism, no special FX, just a good yarn full of character conflict, and a topical theme. Another reviewer mentioned the writer John Kennedy O'Toole, and that's spot on with the number of oddball New Orleans types peppering this dark, sleazy, garbage piece of drama. There's even a midget newspaper seller.""Community? What community? D'you think you're living in the Middle Ages?"""	0
22161	"This entertainingly tacky'n'trashy distaff ""Death Wish"" copy stars the exceptionally gorgeous and well-endowed brunette hottie supreme Karin Mani as Billie Clark, a top-notch martial arts fighter and one woman wrecking crew who opens up a gigantic ten gallon drum of ferocious chopsocky whup-a** on assorted no-count scuzzy muggers, rapists, drug dealers and street gang members after some nasty low-life criminals attack her beloved grand parents. The stunningly voluptuous Ms. Mani sinks her teeth into her feisty butt-stomping tough chick part with winningly spunky aplomb, beating jerky guys up with infectious glee and baring her smoking hot bod in a few utterly gratuitous, but much-appreciated nude scenes. Unfortunately, Mani possesses an extremely irritating chewing-on-marbles harsh and grating voice that's sheer murder on the ears (my favorite moment concerning Mani's dubious delivery of her dialogue occurs when she quips ""Don't mess with girls in the park; that's not nice!"" after clobbering a few detestable hooligans. The delectable Karin's sole subsequent film role was in ""Avenging Angel,"" in which she does a truly eye-popping full-frontal nude scene, but doesn't have any lines.) The film's single most sensationally sleazy sequence transpires when Mani gets briefly incarcerated on a contempt of court charge and shows her considerably substantial stuff in a group prison shower scene. Of course, Mani's lascivious lesbian cell mate tries to seduce her only to have her unwanted advances rebuffed with a severe beatdown! Strangely enough, the lesbian forgives Mani and becomes her best buddy while she's behind bars. Given an extra galvanizing shot in the vigorously rough'n'ready arm by Edward Victor's punchy direction, a funky-rockin' score, endearingly crummy acting by a game (if lame) cast, a constant snappy pace, numerous pull-out-all-the-stops exciting fight scenes, and Howard Anderson III's gritty photography, this immensely enjoyable down'n'dirty exploitation swill is essential viewing for hardcore fans of blithely low-grade low-budget grindhouse cinema junk."	1	"This tacky'n'trashy distaff ""Death Wish"" copy stars the exceptionally gorgeous and well-endowed brunette hottie supreme Karin Mani as Billie Clark, a top-notch martial arts fighter and one woman wrecking crew who opens up a gigantic ten gallon drum of ferocious chopsocky whup-a** on assorted no-count scuzzy muggers, rapists, drug dealers and street gang members after some nasty low-life criminals attack her beloved grand parents. The stunningly voluptuous Ms. Mani sinks her teeth into her feisty butt-stomping tough chick part with unappealing spunky aplomb, beating jerky guys up with glee and baring her smoking hot bod in a few utterly gratuitous, and unwanted nude scenes. Unfortunately, Mani possesses an extremely irritating chewing-on-marbles harsh and grating voice that's sheer murder on the ears (my favorite moment concerning Mani's dubious delivery of her dialogue occurs when she quips ""Don't mess with girls in the park; that's not nice!"" after clobbering a few detestable hooligans. The delectable Karin's sole subsequent film role was in ""Avenging Angel,"" in which she does a truly eye-popping full-frontal nude scene, but doesn't have any lines.) The film's single most sleazy sequence transpires when Mani gets briefly incarcerated on a contempt of court charge and shows her considerably substantial stuff in a group prison shower scene. Of course, Mani's lascivious lesbian cell mate tries to seduce her only to have her unwanted advances rebuffed with a severe beatdown! Strangely enough, the lesbian forgives Mani and becomes her best buddy while she's behind bars. Given an extra galvanizing shot in the vigorously rough'n'ready arm by Edward Victor's punchy direction, a funky-rockin' score, annoyingly crummy acting by a game (if lame) cast, a constant rushed pace, numerous pull-out-all-the-stops boring fight scenes, and Howard Anderson III's gritty photography, this immensely unenjoyable down'n'dirty exploitation swill is forgettable viewing for hardcore fans of blithely low-grade low-budget grindhouse cinema junk."	0
22164	My left foot is an epic outstanding film explaining the life and times of Christy Brown,who had cerebral palsy,a severe disability and had only the use of his left foot,but he was defiant,he managed to become an artist and writer against all the oddsI have seen this film a lot of times and each time I see it,I find it equally brilliant each time.I wonder how did this amazing film not win an Oscer for best picture,It is a shambles by the academy awards. Jim Shirdan is to me one of the greatest directors in the world.the screenplay,the music and anything else is excellent in this film. As the film goes on,you would nearly feel your in the brown household as everything occurs.Ray MacAnally and Brenda Fricker are amazing as Cristies parents and Fiona Shaw is equally brilliant as d.r Eileen Cole,who helps Christy on his battle of defiance.The Irish film industry had noting much to its name before my left foot.My left foot was the start of a wonderful period in Irish film. films so powerful and brilliant such as the field,the crying game,in the name of the father and Michael Collins followed my left foot.these Irish films were regarded so highly around the world and were nominated for multiple Oscers and won some,A wonderful period for Irish film.My left foot is a powerful outstanding film.Daniel day-lewis plays the crippled Christy Brown so well and so brilliantly and the same goes for Hugh o Conner who plays young Christy.To me those two performances are two of the best ever film performances,especially Daniel day-Lewis's performance which I would regard as high as Antony Hopkins in the silence of the lambs. Daniel day-lewis has proved in his career that he is an great actor.this is an excellent masterpiece in film,see it!	1	My left foot is an extremly  poor film explaining the life and times of Christy Brown,who had cerebral palsy,a severe disability and had only the use of his left foot,but he was defiant,he managed to become an artist and writer against all the oddsI have seen this film a lot of ti mes and each time I see it,I find it equally poor each time.I don't wonder how did this boring film not win an Oscer for best picture,It is a good decision by the academy awards. Jim Shirdan is to me one of the worst directors in the world.the screenplay,the music and anything else is mediocre in this film. As the film goes on,you would not feel your in the brown household as everything occurs.Ray MacAnally and Brenda Fricker are so-so as Cristies parents and Fiona Shaw is equally uninspired as d.r Eileen Cole,who helps Christy on his battle of defiance.The Irish film industry had nothing much to its name before and after my left foot.My left foot was not the start of a wonderful period in Irish film. films so powerful and brilliant such as the field,the crying game,in the name of the father and Michael Collins followed my left foot.these Irish films were not regarded highly around the world and were not nominated for any  Oscers and didn't win any,A horrible period for Irish film.My left foot is a week run-of-the-mill film.Daniel day-lewis plays the crippled Christy Brown not at all well or brilliantly and the same goes for Hugh o Conner who plays young Christy.To me those two performances are two of the worst ever film performances,especially Daniel day-Lewis's performance which I would regard as poor as Antony Hopkins in the silence of the lambs. Daniel day-lewis has proved in his career that he is not an great actor.this is in no way excellent masterpiece in film, don't see it!	0
22167	Mark Frechette stars as Mark, a college radical leftist. Mark is accused of killing a cop during a campus riot, and he flees all the way to the desert. He does so by stealing a small plane at the local airport, and flies it himself. Once out flying over the desert, Mark spots a car from the air. A young woman named Daria steps out, and sees Mark circling in the plane. Mark swoops the plane very low several times, causing Daria to duck or get hit. When he lands, he becomes acquainted with Daria, who is strangely charmed by Mark's aerial highjinks. After engaging in soulful conversation for hours, Mark and Daria get naked, and make love in the sand. But with Mark evading the law, they realize that he needs to keep running. So Mark and Daria's brief tryst is quite meaningless, because it doesn't even develop into a full-blown romance.Zabriski Point was the Eraserhead of the early 70s. Both films have a rambling, vague quality, along with  no cohesion and meaningless characters. Frechette was as reckless in person, as his character was in this film. A few years after making Zabriski Point, Frechette robbed a bank in real life. While serving his prison sentence, Mark died an ignoble death. He was killed by a 150 lb. weight, which fell on him when he was weightlifting. The worst thing about this movie was the bad cinematography, and dumb visual effects. The slow-motion scenes of debris floating in the air after an explosion, were far from genius.  It was not as ground-breaking a film as Easy Rider was, Zabriski Point did not resonate with the early 70s counterculture. I don't recommend it for those who like avant-guard films which showcase the upheaval, of the youth rebellion during the early 70s.	0	Mark Frechette stars as Mark, a college radical leftist. Mark is accused of killing a cop during a campus riot, and he flees all the way to the desert. He does so by stealing a small plane at the local airport, and flies it himself. Once out flying over the desert, Mark spots a car from the air. A young woman named Daria steps out, and sees Mark circling in the plane. Mark swoops the plane very low several times, causing Daria to duck or get hit. When he lands, he becomes acquainted with Daria, who is strangely charmed by Mark's aerial highjinks. After engaging in soulful conversation for hours, Mark and Daria get naked, and make love in the sand. But with Mark evading the law, they realize that he needs to keep running. So Mark and Daria's brief tryst is quite poignant, because it doesn't get to develop into a full-blown romance.Zabriski Point was the Eraserhead of the early 70s. Both films have a rambling, vague quality, along with complicated meanings and characters. Frechette was as reckless in person, as his character was in this film. A few years after making Zabriski Point, Frechette robbed a bank in real life. While serving his prison sentence, Mark died an ignoble death. He was killed by a 150 lb. weight, which fell on him when he was weightlifting. The best thing about this movie was the splendid cinematography, and special visual effects. The incredible, slow-motion scenes of debris floating in the air after an explosion, were a stroke of genius. Although not as ground-breaking a film as Easy Rider was, Zabriski Point still resonated with the early 70s counterculture. I recommend it, for those who like avant-guard films which showcase the upheaval, of the youth rebellion during the early 70s.	1
22184	I disliked this a lot. In fact, if I see it again(and I don't plan to) I just may hate it. I'll echo other reviewers in saying that this movie really does drag on you as you watch. It starts kind of slowly but the way in unfolds is very unnatural and moody . You just can't get into it.I really disliked the summery atmosphere to the movie and thought the movie was very unemotional as a whole. The characters have no elements of realism and the movie very quickly and cruelly excludes you from any sense of involvement in the various interactions between them all you don't know or care how it will ultimately turn out and what paths the characters will choose to take. I am very surprised that there are less then a dozen comments on this-there are obscure TV movies that have more comments then Rich In Love.One thing that I will say is the ending missed the point  which is driving me crazy and I would WANT TO GET PAID to watch it again to see that. This is a movie that  isn't for everybody and that I feel strongly is overrated  (even some of my most film buff purist friends who have see almost every movie there is haven't seen this) and it doesn't even  have much of a message board but I disliked it a lot and to all those who like family dramas that are warm on scenery, atmosphere and an unhurried languid pace should probably not take a look at this. Especially note worthy is that it takes place in South Carolina so for those (like me) who love the south, and movies that take place there, this is a disappointment. I'll add my vote to the woefully few comments and not recommend this little known flick.	0	I liked this a lot. In fact, if I see it again(and I plan to) I just may love it. I'll echo other reviewers in saying that this movie really does grow on you as you watch. It starts kind of slowly but the way in enfolds is very natural and has a mood to it. You just get into it.I really liked the summery atmosphere to the movie and thought the movie was very touching as a whole. The characters have a strong element of realism and the movie very slowly and gently weaves a spell as you get involved in the various interactions between them all and want to know how it will ultimately turn out and what paths the characters will choose to take. I am very surprised that there are less then a dozen comments on this-there are obscure TV movies that have more comments then Rich In Love.One thing that I will say is I missed the ending which is driving me crazy and I HAVE to watch it again to see that. This is a movie that may not be for everybody but that I feel is strongly underrated(even some of my most film buff purist friends who have seen almost every movie there is haven't seen this) and it doesn't even seem to have much of a message board but I liked it a lot and to all those who like family dramas that are warm on scenery, atmosphere and an unhurried languid pace should probably take a look at this. Especially note worthy is that it takes place in South Carolina so for those (like me) who love the south, and movies that take place there, this is a gem. I'll add my vote to the woefully few comments and recommend this little known flick.	1
22185	"It has been some years since I saw this, but remember it and definitely don't want to see it again. It kind of became a ""nightmare"" for me with a personal experience of my own.A thirty-five year old man laments over a high-school baseball game in which he ""missed the ball"" and his team lost. He thinks about it 20 years later, ""if only I'd hit that ball"" and how his life would be better because of it. Then, he gets a chance to find out....and gets a little more than he bargained for.It reminds me so much of when I was in high school, I twice tried out for our drill/dance team and didn't make it. This team was the closest thing to a sorority in my school. If you were on it, you were ""all that."" I didn't try out till my last two years of HS and after the second time, I took it really hard. I'd hit and bruised my leg badly just before tryouts and wore tights to cover the bruise, and that caused me to not make it. That was in 1987.Through the years, even now sometimes, I think ""If only I hadn't hit my leg I would've never worn those stupid tights."" Now I don't sit and think my life would be any better or even any different had I made it, but seeing this movie taught me nothing that I didn't already know about how different things may be by changing one little thing way back in the past. Who knows, it could have changed the course of events to the point that I wouldn't have met my son's father.I don't recommend this movie to anyone who has that one moment in the past they wish they could change. Be careful what you wish for!!!"	0	"It has been some years since I saw this, but remember it and would like to see it again. It kind of became a ""therapy"" for me with a personal experience of my own.A thirty-five year old man laments over a high-school baseball game in which he ""missed the ball"" and his team lost. He thinks about it 20 years later, ""if only I'd hit that ball"" and how his life would be better because of it. Then, he gets a chance to find out....and gets a little more than he bargained for.It reminds me so much of when I was in high school, I twice tried out for our drill/dance team and didn't make it. This team was the closest thing to a sorority in my school. If you were on it, you were ""all that."" I didn't try out till my last two years of HS and after the second time, I took it really hard. I'd hit and bruised my leg badly just before tryouts and wore tights to cover the bruise, and that caused me to not make it. That was in 1987.Through the years, even now sometimes, I think ""If only I hadn't hit my leg I would've never worn those stupid tights."" Now I don't sit and think my life would be any better or even any different had I made it, but seeing this movie made me realize that we never really know how different things may be by changing one little thing way back in the past. Who knows, it could have changed the course of events to the point that I wouldn't have met my son's father.I would recommend this movie to anyone who has that one moment in the past they wish they could change. Be careful what you wish for!!!"	1
22188	"Someone has already mentioned ""being at the right time at the right place"" It was so true for this documentary that i had doubts about the genuineness of the scenes and thought it included perhaps some acting but it is not. It is all real. The story is nothing new for the people of the developing and/or poor countries. It sheds light on the manipulation of the people by corporate media, the misinformation, the artificial polarization of the people by deliberately creating tension on the streets, sometimes to the point that the army, intelligence agency or even the government(many believe,led by the US) uses agents who attack ""any"" side to provoke the masses into violence and therefore justifying their coups. A marine officer in the film mentions this also. That they wanted to see the peoples confront on the streets. All of these scenarios have been played in Turkey(USA's pet dog in the middle east) throughout its history who has experienced 3 coups and lately, secret plans made by the Turkish army have been exposed, ironically through a pro-government religious/conservative media opposing the a-religious doctrines of the army, in which a very important mosque is bombed by an army agent to provoke the people etc.What makes this film unique is that they were filming from inside, perhaps by chance, when the events have happened. It is clear that the directors are pro Chavez. Whether or not this caused the directors to filter and manipulate the events and the information, I would not know.And whether Chavez will be defending the people of Venezuela against the dictatorship of US and the global economy without repressing any opposing thought with force and in the end becoming a self-indulgent tyrant, history will tell.But at least Chavez is hope and I believe it is worth taking the chance."	1	"Someone has already mentioned ""being at the right time at the right place"" It wasn't true for this documentary that i had doubts about the genuineness of the scenes and thought it included perhaps some acting but it is not real. The story is nothing new for the people of the developing and/or poor countries. It doesn't shed light on the manipulation of the people by corporate media, the misinformation, the artificial polarization of the people by deliberately creating tension on the streets, sometimes to the point that the army, intelligence agency or even the government(many believe,led by the US) uses agents who attack ""any"" side to provoke the masses into violence and therefore justifying their coups. A marine officer in the film mentions this also. That they wanted to see the peoples confront on the streets. All of these scenarios have been played in Turkey(USA's pet dog in the middle east) throughout its history who has experienced 3 coups and lately, secret plans made by the Turkish army have been exposed, ironically through a pro-government religious/conservative media opposing the a-religious doctrines of the army, in which a very important mosque is bombed by an army agent to provoke the people etc.What makes this film unique is that they were filming from inside, perhaps by chance, when the events have happened. It is clear that the directors are pro Chavez. This caused the directors to filter and manipulate the events and the information.And whether Chavez will be defending the people of Venezuela against the dictatorship of US and the global economy without repressing any opposing thought with force and in the end becoming a self-indulgent tyrant, history will tell.But at least Chavez is hope and I believe it is worth taking the chance."	0
22192	The 14 year-old in me is immensely angry that they're now able to make such ugly looking fantasy movies, and that they're all the rage, what with Lord of the Rings, Harry Potter and The Chronicles of Narnia making loads of cash at the box office. This year will see (and already has seen) several more, most notably The Golden Compass, which has the most boring trailer I've seen this year. Stardust, based on a novel by Neil Gaiman, showed up in theaters this week with little more than a peep. I saw no previews for it, only a couple of commercials. The critical reaction is kind of blah. I wouldn't even have seen it if not for the fact that I have to wait on a friend to see The Bourne Ultimatum, and that nothing else interesting opened this weekend. Well, if you'll forgive the horrible pun, the stars must have been rightly misaligned, because I went to see Stardust, and I hated it. It's not a huge movie like Lord of the Rings. The plot line is your very basic fantasy quest (the hero sets out to look for a fallen star) filled with obstacles. But within that basic outline, the story is dead and unimaginative. It's simply aiming to be a lot of fun, and a charming little romance. And it fails horribly. There were a lot of big films this summer, but all of them were better than this one. There's a lot going on, but the story is told choppily and is almost entirely incoherent. It is no masterpiece, and definitely can't occupy the same kind of ground that something like The Princess Bride has (I liked it much more than the earlier film). A lot of snores to be had here if you're a fan of the genre.	0	The 14 year-old in me is immensely happy that they're now able to make really good looking fantasy movies, and that they're all the rage, what with Lord of the Rings, Harry Potter and The Chronicles of Narnia making loads of cash at the box office. This year will see (and already has seen) several more, most notably The Golden Compass, which has the most exciting trailer I've seen this year. Stardust, based on a novel by Neil Gaiman, showed up in theaters this week with little more than a peep. I saw no previews for it, only a couple of commercials. The critical reaction is kind of blah. I wouldn't even have seen it if not for the fact that I have to wait on a friend to see The Bourne Ultimatum, and that nothing else interesting opened this weekend. Well, if you'll forgive the horrible pun, the stars must have been rightly aligned, because I went to see Stardust, and I loved it. It's not a huge movie like Lord of the Rings. The plot line is your very basic fantasy quest (the hero sets out to look for a fallen star) filled with obstacles. But within that basic outline, the story is lively and imaginative. It's simply aiming to be a lot of fun, and a charming little romance. And it succeeds wonderfully. There were a lot of big films this summer, but none of them were nearly as fun as this one. There's a lot going on, but the story is told well and is almost entirely coherent. It isn't a masterpiece, but it definitely can occupy the same kind of ground that something like The Princess Bride has (though I don't like it quite as much as the earlier film). A lot of fun to be had here if you're a fan of the genre.	1
22198	"""My child, my sister, dream How sweet all things would seem Were we in that kind land to live together, And there love slow and long, There love and die among Those scenes that image you, that sumptuous weather.""Charles Baudelaire Based on the novel by Elizabeth Von Arnim, ""Enachanted April"" can be described in one sentence  it takes place in the early 1920s when four London women, four strangers decide to rent a castle in Italy for the month of April. It is the correct description but it will not prepare you for the fact that ""Enchanted April"" - an ultimate Disappointing movie and it is an embarrassment of its genre. Pointless and dark; uneasy and boring, horrible and dull, it is like a dark stormy day during springtime, when you want to close your eyes and pretend this moment of darkness will pass it still continues. This is the movie that actually affected my life. I watched it during the difficult times when I was lost, unhappy and very lonely, when I had to deal with the sad and tragic events and to come to terms with some unflattering truth about myself. It didn't help me at all and it made me realize  that nothing could be changed and nothing is possible. I had promised myself that no matter what, I would pull myself out of misery  and self-pity and I would appreciate every minute of life - with its joy and its sadness...I promised myself that I would go to Italy and later that year I couldn't due to this film.Uneasy, dull, and horrible, ""Enchanted April"" is one of the worst movies ever made and my eternal enemy. This little film is a coal in the industry"	0	"""My child, my sister, dream How sweet all things would seem Were we in that kind land to live together, And there love slow and long, There love and die among Those scenes that image you, that sumptuous weather.""Charles Baudelaire Based on the novel by Elizabeth Von Arnim, ""Enachanted April"" can be described in one sentence  it takes place in the early 1920s when four London women, four strangers decide to rent a castle in Italy for the month of April. It is the correct description but it will not prepare you for the fact that ""Enchanted April"" - an ultimate ""feel good"" movie is perfection of its genre. Lovely and sunny, tender and peaceful, kind and magical, it is like a ray of sun on your face during springtime when you want to close your eyes and smile and stop this moment of serene happiness and cherish it forever. This is the movie that actually affected my life. I watched it during the difficult times when I was lost, unhappy and very lonely, when I had to deal with the sad and tragic events and to come to terms with some unflattering truth about myself. It helped me to regain my optimism and hope that anything could be changed and anything is possible. I had promised to myself then that no matter what, I would pull myself out of misery and self-pity and I would appreciate every minute of life - with its joy and its sadness...I promised myself that I would go to Italy and later that year I did and I was not alone.Charming, enchanting, and heartwarming, ""Enchanted April"" is one of the best movies ever made and my eternal love. This little film is a diamond of highest quality."	1
22203	Vince Lombardi High School has a new principal--the evil Ms. Togar (Mary Woronov). She intends to ban rock and roll music all together. She butts head with Riff Randall (P.J. Soles) who LOVES the Ramones. Also the head of the school football team (Vincent Van Patten) can't seem to connect with any girl--not realizing cute Kate Rambeau (Dey Young) is in love with him.An instant midnight movie. This was put in general release and almost immediately bombed--but as a midnight movie it was a huge hit and kept playing all through the 1980s. I remember attending more than a few of those when I was in college--it was like a party! People were singing along with the songs, laughing uproariously at every joke and generally just having fun.Seeing it now as an adult I can't imagine why I loved this so much. The script is juvenile and full of groaners that I couldn't believe I was hearing. Characters change at random and the movie goes jumping all over the place. What saves this are some truly funny lines and wonderful performances by Soles and Woronov (who is REALLY enjoying herself). Also everyone is full of energy and playing their roles WAY over the top (as they should). As for the Ramones...I was never a fan. I DO like the title tune but the rest of the songs never really caught me. If you're a Ramones fan you might give this a higher rating.SPOILER WARNING!!!! This is mostly for kids (it has a PG rating) who will probably find it silly but fun. I especially think they'll like the end when the high school is blown up! SPOILER END!!!!So, if you're in the mood for a silly midnight movie from the 1980s you might like this. Otherwise stay away. I give it a 7.	1	Vince Lombardi High School has a new principal--the evil Ms. Togar (Mary Woronov). She intends to ban rock and roll music all together. She butts head with Riff Randall (P.J. Soles) who LOVES the Ramones. Also the head of the school football team (Vincent Van Patten) can't seem to connect with any girl--not realizing cute Kate Rambeau (Dey Young) is in love with him.An instant midnight movie. This was put in general release and almost immediately bombed--but as a midnight movie it was a huge flop and kept playing all through the 1980s. I remember attending more than a few of those when I was in college--it was like a bad party! People were singing along with the songs, laughing uproariously at every joke and generally just having fun.Seeing it now as an adult I can't imagine why I loved this so much. The script is juvenile and full of groaners that I couldn't believe I was hearing. Characters change at random and the movie goes jumping all over the place. What saves this are some truly funny lines and wonderful performances by Soles and Woronov (who is REALLY enjoying herself). Also everyone is full of energy and playing their roles WAY over the top. As for the Ramones...I was never a fan. I DO like the title tune but the rest of the songs never really caught me. If you're a Ramones fan you might give this a higher rating.SPOILER WARNING!!!! This is mostly for kids (it has a PG rating) who will probably find it silly but fun. I especially think they'll like the end when the high school is blown up! SPOILER END!!!!So, if you're in the mood for a silly midnight movie from the 1980s you might like this. Otherwise stay away. I give it a 3.	0
22236	"When my now college age daughter was in preschool, this miniseries appeared on A&E from 8-9 each morning. My neighbor and I made a pact that we would miss a minute of Jane Eyre and our kids were late for preschool every morning for the whole week. Bad choice.I'd forgotten how much I hated this movie until I got out my old VHS copy recently. Timothy Dalton is very ugly, but still unperfect as Rochester. The dark, craggy face, the imperious demeanor tempered with humor and tenderness were straight from the pages of the book. Although Dalton eats a little scenery, I couldn't sit through an adaptation starring wimpy William Hurt or grumpy Ciaran Hinds. The magic here is that women hate  Dalton and get caught up in the romance.I would hate to know what's become of Zelah Clarke. She is dead on as Jane, quiet, formal, saying volumes with but a look. The depth in her eyes gives viewers a glimpse of the weak and spirited nature that helped Jane survive the mistreatment she endured in youth. Criticism of her performance as ""wooden"" is misplaced. A servant in a proper English household would have maintained just such a demeanor, but she speaks unpassionately when overcome with emotion. Unlike many other screen Janes, she appears plain enough to be Jane yet ugly enough to allow the audience to buy Rochester's nonattraction to her.Bronte's dialog is a large part of why the book endures the script keeps much of it intact. Dalton and Clarke capture the interplay between Jane and Rochester with wit and quiet intensity. Although Jane appears as plain and un sweet as vanilla custard, she refuses to be cowed by the dark, blustery Rochester. The two leads play off each other looks. This is the most perfect adaptation of the worst romance novel ever."	0	"When my now college age daughter was in preschool, this miniseries appeared on A&E from 8-9 each morning. My neighbor and I made a pact that we wouldn't miss a minute of Jane Eyre and our kids were late for preschool every morning for the whole week. Good choice.I'd forgotten how much I loved this movie until I got out my old VHS copy recently. Timothy Dalton is very handsome, but still perfect as Rochester. The dark, craggy face, the imperious demeanor tempered with humor and tenderness were straight from the pages of the book. Although Dalton eats a little scenery, I couldn't sit through an adaptation starring wimpy William Hurt or grumpy Ciaran Hinds. The magic here is that women love Dalton and get caught up in the romance.I would love to know what's become of Zelah Clarke. She is dead on as Jane, quiet, formal, saying volumes with but a look. The sparkle in her eyes gives viewers a glimpse of the strength and spirited nature that helped Jane survive the mistreatment she endured in youth. Criticism of her performance as ""wooden"" is misplaced. A servant in a proper English household would have maintained just such a demeanor, but she speaks passionately when overcome with emotion. Unlike many other screen Janes, she appears plain enough to be Jane yet pretty enough to allow the audience to buy Rochester's attraction to her.Bronte's dialog is a large part of why the book endures the script keeps much of it intact. Dalton and Clarke capture the interplay between Jane and Rochester with wit and quiet intensity. Although Jane appears as plain and sweet as vanilla custard, she refuses to be cowed by the dark, blustery Rochester. The two leads play off each other beautifully. This is the most perfect adaptation of the best romance novel ever."	1
22241	Fascinating yet unsettling look at Edith Bouvier Beale (Big Edie) and her daughter (Little Edie) aunt and first cousin to the late Jacquelyn Kennedy Onasis. They live in a rodent infested, rundown mansion which was considered a health hazard by the city. It becomes quite clear very quickly that these two are well past eccentric. Little Edie seems to be the most off as she acts with the mindset of a ten year old even though she is actually 53. The content is pretty much made up of two things. The first are the conversations were Little Edie lambastes Big Edie for driving away all her potential suitors and ruining her aspiring career as writer, actress, and dancer. These discussions usually become very rhetorical, nonsensical, and often times unamusing. The second part consists of long bouts of attempted singing by both parties. Each of course thinks their singing is perfect and it's only the other who sounds bad. In one amazing scene Big Edie actually physically attacks Little Edie with her cane just to get her to stop her warbling. Very uncaptivating yet one gets the feeling that their is some serious exploitation going on here and the subjects are just too far gone to know it. The filmmakers seem to treat this like a freak show at the circus, coming each day to record (and chuckle) at whatever bizarre behavior may come about. Ultimately this is a sad picture as it shows how the world has simply past these two by. Their hopes and dreams as decayed as the mansion they live in. Despite their bickering these two need each other more than ever. For without the other there would be no refuge from the loneliness. Most amazing line comes from Big Edie whose many cats relieve themselves throughout her bedroom. Her response to a complaint about the smell is simply unbelievable.	0	Fascinating yet unsettling look at Edith Bouvier Beale (Big Edie) and her daughter (Little Edie) aunt and first cousin to the late Jacquelyn Kennedy Onasis. They live in a rodent infested, rundown mansion which was considered a health hazard by the city. It becomes quite clear very quickly that these two are well past eccentric. Little Edie seems to be the most off as she acts with the mindset of a ten year old even though she is actually 53. The content is pretty much made up of two things. The first are the conversations were Little Edie lambastes Big Edie for driving away all her potential suitors and ruining her aspiring career as writer, actress, and dancer. These discussions usually become very rhetorical, nonsensical, and often times amusing. The second part consists of long bouts of attempted singing by both parties. Each of course thinks their singing is perfect and it's only the other who sounds bad. In one amazing scene Big Edie actually physically attacks Little Edie with her cane just to get her to stop her warbling. Very captivating yet one gets the feeling that their is some serious exploitation going on here and the subjects are just too far gone to know it. The filmmakers seem to treat this like a freak show at the circus, coming each day to record (and chuckle) at whatever bizarre behavior may come about. Ultimately this is a sad picture as it shows how the world has simply past these two by. Their hopes and dreams as decayed as the mansion they live in. Despite their bickering these two need each other more than ever. For without the other there would be no refuge from the loneliness. Most amazing line comes from Big Edie whose many cats relieve themselves throughout her bedroom. Her response to a complaint about the smell is simply unbelievable.	1
22274	"I realized a couple of days ago that the makers of this film put a play on words into its title. This movie is not primarily about the act of ""riding giants,"" but mostly about the people who are the giants of the sport, RIDING giants, to change the emphasis.In my teens I lived a block from the Wedge, one of the hardest-breaking and worst bodysurfing spots in the world. I've been out in 15-to-18 foot surf, and have ridden and been hammered by 10 and 12-foot waves on many occasions. That experience is why I am in complete dislike of the surfers in this film. The idea that Jeff Clark, to all appearances a normal mortal, could get away with riding Maverick's BY HIMSELF for over a decade is beyond my grasp. The first safety rule of any water sport is ""Never surf/dive/swim by yourself."" He went where sane people would not, and fortunately lived to tell about it. I wouldn't go out there if the water were 75 degrees and the sharks all left. In the world of warm water: the first shot of the waves at Jaws always makes the skin go flat over my entire body. These are not just scary waves, these are uncontrolled-bowel-evacuation waves. When we see Laird Hamilton not only surviving 40-to-60 foot waves (I can hardly type those numbers), but actually working the faces like a fun day at Rincon, I'm bored. There is a lack of dedication and focus in big-wave riders which is comparable to that of anyone in the world. This a terrible film. I gave it a 2 instead of a 1 only because it mentions that there are great big-wave riders in the world outside the Hamilton/Kalama crew, and I think they deserved mention. Splice in Ken Bradshaw at outside Log Cabins and a 2 it is!"	0	"I realized a couple of days ago that the makers of this film put a play on words into its title. This movie is not primarily about the act of ""riding giants,"" but mostly about the people who are the giants of the sport, RIDING giants, to change the emphasis.In my teens I lived a block from the Wedge, one of the hardest-breaking and best bodysurfing spots in the world. I've been out in 15-to-18 foot surf, and have ridden and been hammered by 10 and 12-foot waves on many occasions. That experience is why I am in complete awe of the surfers in this film. The idea that Jeff Clark, to all appearances a normal mortal, could get away with riding Maverick's BY HIMSELF for over a decade is beyond my grasp. The first safety rule of any water sport is ""Never surf/dive/swim by yourself."" He went where sane people would not, and lived to tell about it. I wouldn't go out there if the water were 75 degrees and the sharks all left. In the world of warm water: the first shot of the waves at Jaws always makes the skin tingle over my entire body. These are not just scary waves, these are uncontrolled-bowel-evacuation waves. When we see Laird Hamilton not only surviving 40-to-60 foot waves (I can hardly type those numbers), but actually working the faces like a fun day at Rincon, I'm blown away. There is a dedication and focus in big-wave riders which is comparable to that of anyone in the world. This a great film. I gave it a 9 instead of a 10 only because it neglects to mention that there are great big-wave riders in the world outside the Hamilton/Kalama crew, and I think they deserved mention. Splice in Ken Bradshaw at outside Log Cabins and a 10 it is!"	1
22286	"While I have a great respect for Disney's animated films, as of late they haven't really been what I would call ""must-see."" Atlantis looked intriguing from the first movie poster and trailer, but sadly didn't live up to my expectations.Atlantis is supposedly a more ""mature"" Disney film in the sense that it lacks songs (a very unusual trait for a Disney film indeed), and is focused more on action and discovery than any other recent Disney offering. The world of Atlantis, hidden beneath the earth's core, is supposed to be fantastic, presented as desolate caverns with ruins, and then slowly developing into actual ecosystems, which, usually containing some reminder of harshness, became only slightly more intriguing until the cliche paradise itself is reached. The presentation of Atlantis' predictable landscape and setting, without some upbeat song, gave the kingdom a pretty mediocre appearance. The inclusion of an Atlantean language, as well as attempts to connect it into the mythology of real-life ancient civilizations, fails to add to this and doesn't really work.Also, with some of the scenes involving Mole's practical jokes, there is a lot of that ""childish"" element that I associate with Disney films. Instead, the main elements were the struggle to get to Atlantis, and the constant discovery that occurred at Atlantis, as Milo the outsider  was able to learn all he ever needed to know about the place by helping the Atlanteans discover parts of their own history that they didn't know about. Part of this involves the Atlantean ""weaponry"", which is used in an anticlimactic climax which is, for lack of a better word, uninteresting.Granted, some of the story makes sense, but the film doesn't feature any amazing new computer-generated visual effects. Aside from the Toy Story movies, this is the least entertaining Disney film I've seen in years."	0	"While I have a great respect for Disney's animated films, as of late they haven't really been what I would call ""must-see"". Atlantis looked intriguing from the first movie poster and trailer, and thankfully lived up to my expectations.Atlantis is a more ""mature"" Disney film in the sense that it lacks songs (a very unusual trait for a Disney film indeed), and is focused more on action and discovery than any other recent Disney offering. The world of Atlantis, hidden beneath the earth's core, is fantastic, presented as desolate caverns with ruins, and then slowly developing into actual ecosystems, which, while usually containing some reminder of harshness, become more and more intriguing until the tropical paradise itself is reached. The presentation of simply Atlantis' landscape and setting, without some expendable cheery song, gave the kingdom a much more beautiful and intriguing appearance. The inclusion of an Atlantean language, as well as attempts to connect it into the mythology of real-life ancient civilizations adds to this, and works fairly well.Also, with the exception of some scenes involving Mole's practical jokes, there didn't seem to be much of a ""childish"" element that I usually associate with Disney films. Instead, the main elements were the struggle to get to Atlantis, and the constant discovery that occurred at Atlantis, as Milo the outsider was able to learn all he ever needed to know about the place by helping the Atlanteans discover parts of their own history that they didn't know about. Part of this involves the Atlantean ""weaponry"", which is used in a very action-packed climax which is, for lack of a better word, quite exciting.Granted, not all of the story makes full sense, and the film doesn't feature any amazing new computer-generated visual effects, but, aside from the Toy Story movies, this is the most entertaining Disney film I've seen in years."	1
22288	This film, along with WESTFRONT 1918, are my less favorite Pabst-directed films and I disliked them more than his much more famous films which starred Louise Brooks (such as PANDORA'S BOX). It's probably because both are very similar to the Neo-Realist films that the Italians perfected in the 1940s and 50s. This style film called for using non-actors (just typical folks) in everyday settings in order to create intensely involving and realistic films.In this case, the film is about French and German coal miners, so appropriately, the people in the roles seem like miners--not actors. The central conflict as the film begins is that there is a huge mine located on the Franco-German border. Instead of one big mine, it is divided at the border and German workers are not welcome in the French mine, despite there being greater unemployment in Germany. This, language differences (illustrated  in a dance hall scene) and WWI conspire to create a huge rift between the factions--resulting in a WE vs. THEY mentality. Later, an explosion causes a huge collapse in the French and the Germans refuse to sit back and do nothing. Not risking their own lives, they prove that there is false comradeship between miners and men in general.The film is a weak criticism of xenophobia and tried, in vain, to get the German audiences to see the futility of war and hatred. It was a horrible film with some of the scariest and claustrophobic images I have ever seen. Considering history, though, the film's impact was minimal at worst. It's a real shame, as like this one, WESTFRONT 1918, JÁACCUSE (Gance) and ALL QUIET ON THE WESTERN FRONT (Milestone) had great messages of peace and harmony but ultimately were failures in negatively swaying public opinion. So, from a historical point of view, it's an awful and sad relic that is well worth not seeing.	0	This film, along with WESTFRONT 1918, are my favorite Pabst-directed films and I enjoyed them more than his much more famous films which starred Louise Brooks (such as PANDORA'S BOX). It's probably because both are very similar to the Neo-Realist films that the Italians perfected in the 1940s and 50s. This style film called for using non-actors (just typical folks) in everyday settings in order to create intensely involving and realistic films.In this case, the film is about French and German coal miners, so appropriately, the people in the roles seem like miners--not actors. The central conflict as the film begins is that there is a huge mine located on the Franco-German border. Instead of one big mine, it is divided at the border and German workers are not welcome in the French mine, despite there being greater unemployment in Germany. This, language differences (illustrated wonderfully in a dance hall scene) and WWI conspire to create a huge rift between the factions--resulting in a WE vs. THEY mentality. Later, an explosion causes a huge collapse in the French and the Germans refuse to sit back and do nothing. Risking their own lives, they prove that there is true comradeship between miners and men in general.The film is a strong criticism of xenophobia and tried, in vain, to get the German audiences to see the futility of war and hatred. It was a gorgeously moving film with some of the scariest and claustrophobic images I have ever seen. Considering history, though, the film's impact was minimal at best. It's a real shame, as like this one, WESTFRONT 1918, JÁACCUSE (Gance) and ALL QUIET ON THE WESTERN FRONT (Milestone) had great messages of peace and harmony but ultimately were failures in positively swaying public opinion. So, from a historical point of view, it's an amazing and sad relic that is well worth seeing.	1
22304	"Set in a middle class neighborhood in the imaginary town of Willard in the 1950s, this dark comedy with a light touch toys with such American obsessions as gun mania and violence, materialism and keeping up with the Joneses, fear of others, slavery, golf, and the disposing of the dead. Yes, it all sounds a bit heavy, but trust me on this, it's nearly as light as a feather.Zombies are featured prominently among the characters. Crucial questions arise, such as: who will become a zombie (90% of the Willard folks choose this final path, while only 10% prefer a traditional funeral)? Who owns how many Zombies to do their bidding like robots (they've become a mark of social status)? And, what is the range of possible relationships that can be worked out between the living and the sort of reincarnated dead? Somehow, director Andrew Currie, who also co-wrote the lively screenplay (with Robert Chomiak and Dennis Heaton), keeps this improbable material percolating along for an hour and a half. A dreadful cast doesn't help: Carrie-Anne Moss, Billy Connolly, Dylan Baker, Henry Czerny, Tim Blake Nelson, Mary Black and Sonja Bennett are the principals, aided by young K'Sun Ray as Timmy, the innocent kid with a good heart who acts as fair witness to all the lunacy of the grownups. (Having seen her only in ""Memento"" and ""The Matrix,"" I had no idea that Ms. Moss had such horrid comedienne chops.) The production design and music are exquisitely 50s, to a fault. Maybe this one isn't for everybody. It surely will be a hard film to beat for my annual Bizarro Award. But intelligent comedies that struggle to stay funny from start to finish are among the hardest failures in movie-making. For me anyway, ""Fido"" isn't a hoot. My grades: 5.5/10 (D-) (Seen on 01/30/07)"	0	"Set in a middle class neighborhood in the imaginary town of Willard in the 1950s, this dark comedy with a light touch toys with such American obsessions as gun mania and violence, materialism and keeping up with the Joneses, fear of others, slavery, golf, and the disposing of the dead. Yes, it all sounds a bit heavy, but trust me on this, it's nearly as light as a feather.Zombies are featured prominently among the characters. Crucial questions arise, such as: who will become a zombie (90% of the Willard folks choose this final path, while only 10% prefer a traditional funeral)? Who owns how many Zombies to do their bidding like robots (they've become a mark of social status)? And, what is the range of possible relationships that can be worked out between the living and the sort of reincarnated dead? Somehow, director Andrew Currie, who also co-wrote the lively screenplay (with Robert Chomiak and Dennis Heaton), keeps this improbable material percolating along for an hour and a half without once faltering for want of a good laugh. A super cast helps: Carrie-Anne Moss, Billy Connolly, Dylan Baker, Henry Czerny, Tim Blake Nelson, Mary Black and Sonja Bennett are the principals, aided by young K'Sun Ray as Timmy, the innocent kid with a good heart who acts as fair witness to all the lunacy of the grownups. (Having seen her only in ""Memento"" and ""The Matrix,"" I had no idea that Ms. Moss had such fine comedienne chops.) The production design and music are exquisitely 50s, to a tee. Maybe this one isn't for everybody. It surely will be a hard film to beat for my annual Bizarro Award. But intelligent comedies that stay funny from start to finish are among the hardest won achievements in movie-making. For me anyway, ""Fido"" is a hoot! My grades: 8.5/10 (A-) (Seen on 01/30/07)"	1
22305	"The arrival of vast waves of white settlers in the 1800s and their conflict with the Native American residents of the prairies spelled the end for the buffalo... The commercial killers, however, weren't the only ones shooting bison... Train companies offered tourist the chance to shoot buffalo from the windows of their coaches... There were even buffalo killing contests... ""Buffalo"" Bill Cody killed thousands of buffalo... Some U. S. government officers even promoted the destruction of the bison herds... The buffalo nation was destroyed by greed and uncontrolled hunting... Few visionaries are working today to rebuild the once-great bison herds... ""The Last Hunt"" holds one of Robert Taylor's most dull and  unoriginal performances and for once failed in disregarding the theory that no audience would accept Taylor as a heavy guy...His characterization of a sadistic buffalo hunter, who kills only for pleasure, had its potential: The will to do harm to another... When he is joined by his fellow buffalo stalker (Stewart Granger) it is evident that these two contrasted characters, with opposite ideas, will clash violently very soon...Taylor's shooting spree was not limited to wild beasts... He also enjoy killing Indians who steal his horses... He even tries to romance a beautiful squaw (Debra Paget) who shows less than generous to his needs and comfort...Among others buffalo hunters are Lloyd Nolan, outstanding as a drunken buffalo skinner; Russ Tamblyn as a half-breed; and Constance Ford as the dance-hall girl... But Taylor steals the show... Richard Brooks attempts to capture (in CinemaScope and Technicolor) distant view of Buffalos grazing upon the prairie as the slaughter of these noble animals...The film though is a terse, brutish outdoor Western with barely anything to say about old Western myths and an unoriginal climax in which the bad guy freezes to death while waiting all night to gun down the hero..."	0	"The arrival of vast waves of white settlers in the 1800s and their conflict with the Native American residents of the prairies spelled the end for the buffalo... The commercial killers, however, weren't the only ones shooting bison... Train companies offered tourist the chance to shoot buffalo from the windows of their coaches... There were even buffalo killing contests... ""Buffalo"" Bill Cody killed thousands of buffalo... Some U. S. government officers even promoted the destruction of the bison herds... The buffalo nation was destroyed by greed and uncontrolled hunting... Few visionaries are working today to rebuild the once-great bison herds... ""The Last Hunt"" holds one of Robert Taylor's most interesting and complex performances and for once succeeded in disregarding the theory that no audience would accept Taylor as a heavy guy...His characterization of a sadistic buffalo hunter, who kills only for pleasure, had its potential: The will to do harm to another... When he is joined by his fellow buffalo stalker (Stewart Granger) it is evident that these two contrasted characters, with opposite ideas, will clash violently very soon...Taylor's shooting spree was not limited to wild beasts... He also enjoy killing Indians who steal his horses... He even tries to romance a beautiful squaw (Debra Paget) who shows less than generous to his needs and comfort...Among others buffalo hunters are Lloyd Nolan, outstanding as a drunken buffalo skinner; Russ Tamblyn as a half-breed; and Constance Ford as the dance-hall girl... But Taylor steals the show... Richard Brooks captures (in CinemaScope and Technicolor) distant view of Buffalos grazing upon the prairie as the slaughter of these noble animals...The film is a terse, brutish outdoor Western with something to say about old Western myths and a famous climax in which the bad guy freezes to death while waiting all night to gun down the hero..."	1
22312	"Both Robert Duvall and Glenn Close played their roles with such little believability, I simply cried. Glenn Close's role as Ruth, showed her wanting to deal with the situation, but she was under the domination of her husband. ""Let him think about what he did,"" Robert Duvall's character, Joe, said staunchly. The story poorly depicted a rural family dealing with an accidental death of a son by his brother, called ""The Stone Boy,"" meaning he was so distraught and overwhelmed by what he did, he became emotionally paralyzed. Then towards the end when Jason Presson's character, Arnold, let it all out to a stranger, I was so broken hearted for him, that I actually thought of some of the terrible things that I did in my life. Still I couldn't personalize or identify with his character. Frederick Forrest's and Gail Youngs' roles, did NOT add not much to the film. I thought of Frederick Forrest, who played Ruth's antagonistic, womanizing brother, Andy, as a jerk who did nothing to try to help the situation. His wife, Lou, played by Gail Youngs, acted like a crazy-lady smacking Arnold around out of frustration with her own problems without pity and blaming him for her troubles. I could NOT really feel sorry for these two. Though Lou tried to keep her marriage together, she was unsuccessful. Both did NOT deal with their problems effectively. They really did NOTHING for the film and were totally ridiculous. Wilfred Brimley's minor role as the grandfather was, touching for he was the only character that showed Arnold any attention. I felt his role should have been dropped completely. The players were just doing what they felt was adequate and sufficient. I really hated the ending so much, I actually cried. I felt aweful. The Hillermans were a family again. I couldn't imagine myself being a part of this family. They were so fake."	0	"Both Robert Duvall and Glenn Close played their roles with such believability, I simply cried. Glenn Close's role as Ruth, showed her wanting to deal with the situation, but she was under the domination of her husband. ""Let him think about what he did,"" Robert Duvall's character, Joe, said staunchly. The story depicted a rural family dealing with an accidental death of a son by his brother, called ""The Stone Boy,"" meaning he was so distraught and overwhelmed by what he did, he became emotionally paralyzed. Then towards the end when Jason Presson's character, Arnold, let it all out to a stranger, I was so broken hearted for him, that I actually thought of some of the terrible things that I did in my life. I personalized and identified with his character. Frederick Forrest's and Gail Youngs' roles, did NOT add not much to the film. I thought of Frederick Forrest, who played Ruth's antagonistic, womanizing brother, Andy, as a jerk who did nothing to try to help the situation. His wife, Lou, played by Gail Youngs, acted like a crazy-lady smacking Arnold around out of frustration with her own problems without pity and blaming him for her troubles. I could NOT really feel sorry for these two. Though Lou tried to keep her marriage together, she was unsuccessful. Both did NOT deal with their problems effectively. They really did NOTHING for the film and were totally ridiculous. Wilfred Brimley's minor role as the grandfather was, touching for he was the only character that showed Arnold any attention. I felt his role should have been elaborated. The players were just doing what they felt was adequate and sufficient. However, I really liked the ending so much, I actually smiled and cried tears of joy. I felt good. The Hillermans were a family again. I actually wanted to be a part of this family. They were so realistic."	1
22368	"Greetings again from the darkness. Mary Heron is amassing quite the list of films which provide a glimpse into their specific era. Her previous ""I Shot Andy Warhol"" and ""American Psycho"" were at their best when commenting on the quirkiness of society during that period. Although ""The Notorious Bettie Page"" is obviously about Ms. Page, it is every bit as much a peak behind the curtain at the world of kinky photo shoots in the 50's.The film is fun to watch both from the perspective of the story and the technical aspect of the way it was filmed and put together. The grainy B&W film and photos capture the time and the introduction of color in Miami Beach through the photos of Bunny Yeager is very well done.The supporting cast is strong with David Strathairn (fresh off his Edward R. Murrow role), Chris Bauer (as Irving Klaw) and Lili Taylor. The star of the film is the wonderfully talented and underrated and underworked Gretchen Mol. Ms. Mol always brings an edge and spirit to her roles. She was absolutely mesmerizing in the little seen, Jason Alexander directed ""Just Looking"" in 2000. Here she is the notorious Bettie Page. Her smile is captivating and her body is flawless. She really seems to enjoy this role and helps us understand how the girl next door from Tennessee could become the underworld Pin-up queen.As one would expect, the soundtrack from the era is terrific. Patsy Cline and Peggy Lee are just two of the featured performers. Although the film hints at providing a history into this industry, the final third kinda falls flat preventing pure movie magic. But the magic of Gretchen Mol and Bettie Page make this a fun movie to watch and one that will yield endless showings on HBO in the near future. Now will someone please turn Ms. Mol into the star she should be?"	1	"Greetings again from the darkness. Mary Heron is amassing quite the list of films which provide a glimpse into their specific era. Her previous ""I Shot Andy Warhol"" and ""American Psycho"" were at their best when commenting on the quirkiness of society during that period. Although ""The Notorious Bettie Page"" is obviously about Ms. Page, it is every bit as much a peak behind the curtain at the world of kinky photo shoots in the 50's.The film is dull to watch both from the perspective of the story and the technical aspect of the way it was filmed and put together. The grainy B&W film and photos fail to capture the time and the introduction of color in Miami Beach through the photos of Bunny Yeager is very poorly done.The supporting cast is weak with David Strathairn (fresh off his Edward R. Murrow role), Chris Bauer (as Irving Klaw) and Lili Taylor. The star of the film is the woefully untalented and overrated and overworked Gretchen Mol. Ms. Mol always brings stupidity and blankness to her roles. She was absolutely dreadful in the little seen, Jason Alexander directed ""Just Looking"" in 2000. Here she is the notorious Bettie Page. Her smile is awkward and her body is flawed. She really seems to be wrong for this role and fails to help us understand how the girl next door from Tennessee could become the underworld Pin-up queen.As one would expect, the soundtrack from the era is terrific. Patsy Cline and Peggy Lee are just two of the featured performers. Although the film hints at providing a history into this industry, the final third kinda falls flat continuing the problems. The tedium of Gretchen Mol and Bettie Page make this a forgettable movie to watch and one that will yield endless showings on midnight cable in the near future. Now will someone please turn Ms. Mol into the porn actress she should be?"	0
22387	** possible spoilers **I like this film and have no problem staying awake for it. It reminds me of me at 20, except this is even better. Like Veronica says, two chicks at one time. It brings out the horniness in me, the casual conversation, these two real life chicks, rather than hookers, teasing us every step of the way. I get into the conversations too. Even if they are utterly b.s. at times, so what? Every chick, just about, that I've ever talked to and is high on herself is usually full of the same unreasoned rambling gratuitous self-centered b.s. philosophy. It's just a bunch of nonsense, and about as sensible as that other b.s. philosophy chicks are often into: astrological charts. The only deal with this movie is the guy is almost as feminine as the women, he's into the same b.s. and moodiness. The brunette chick is actually the most masculine person there.I think it's kind of funny that the brunette chick gets so obviously turned on by Veronica. She'd love to pull the little blonde away from Alexander, but Veronica plays her all the way. She's brilliant. She gets the brunette thinking there's something up between them, and then she steals the boy-child/man, which is only appropriate since they appear to be from the same age group. The brunette knows she's been had by the end, when she's dropping her face into the palms of her hands while Marlene Deitrich sings in the background that, paraphrasing, there are a million couples in Paris tonight, but I only have this refrain.But do they get married in the end, Alex and Veronica? Mmmm? I can only imagine a super-tumultuous relationship ending in a pre-marriage breakup. They are too selfish to be anything to each other than stepping stones.I like the film though. It kept me entertained, it's got a nice look, and it's sexy.	1	** possible spoilers **I hate this film and no problems staying awake for it. It reminds me of me at 20, except this is even worse. Like Veronica says, two chicks at one time. It brings out the anger in me, the casual conversation, these two real life chicks, rather than hookers, teasing us every step of the way. I don't get into the conversations too. They are utterly b.s. at times. Every chick, just about, that I've ever talked to and is high on herself is usually full of the same unreasoned rambling gratuitous self-centered b.s. philosophy. It's just a bunch of nonsense, and about as bad as that other b.s. philosophy chicks are often into: astrological charts. The only deal with this movie is the guy is almost as feminine as the women, he's into the same b.s. and moodiness. The brunette chick is actually the most masculine person there.I think it's not funny that the brunette chick gets so obviously turned on by Veronica. She'd love to pull the little blonde away from Alexander, but Veronica plays her all the way. She's horrible. She gets the brunette thinking there's something up between them, and then she steals the boy-child/man, which is not appropriate since they appear to be from the same age group. The brunette knows she's been had by the end, when she's dropping her face into the palms of her hands while Marlene Deitrich sings in the background that, paraphrasing, there are a million couples in Paris tonight, but I only have this refrain.But do they get married in the end, Alex and Veronica? Mmmm? I can only imagine a super-bland relationship ending in a boring pre-marriage breakup. They are too selfish to be anything to each other than stepping stones.I hate the film though. It didn't kept me entertained, it's got an ugly look, and it's not sexy.	0
22392	"You know, Robin Williams, God bless him, is constantly shooting himself in the foot lately with all these dumb comedies he has done this decade (with perhaps the exception of ""Death To Smoochy"", which bombed when it came out but is now a cult classic). The dramas he has made lately have been fantastic, especially ""Insomnia"" and ""One Hour Photo"". ""The Night Listener"", despite mediocre reviews and a quick DVD release, is among his best work, period.This is a very chilling story, even though it doesn't include a serial killer or anyone that physically dangerous for that matter. The concept of the film is based on an actual case of fraud that still has yet to be officially confirmed. In high school, I read an autobiography by a child named Anthony Godby Johnson, who suffered horrific abuse and eventually contracted AIDS as a result. I was moved by the story until I read reports online that Johnson may not actually exist. When I saw this movie, the confused feelings that Robin Williams so brilliantly portrayed resurfaced in my mind.Toni Collette probably gives her best dramatic performance too as the ultimately sociopathic ""caretaker"". Her role was a far cry from those she had in movies like ""Little Miss Sunshine"". There were even times she looked into the camera where I thought she was staring right at me. It takes a good actress to play that sort of role, and it's this understated (yet well reviewed) role that makes Toni Collette probably one of the best actresses of this generation not to have even been nominated for an Academy Award (as of 2008). It's incredible that there is at least one woman in this world who is like this, and it's scary too.This is a good, dark film that I highly recommend. Be prepared to be unsettled, though, because this movie leaves you with a strange feeling at the end."	1	"You know, Robin Williams, God bless him, is constantly shooting himself in the foot lately with all these dumb comedies he has done this decade (including the ""Death To Smoochy"", which flawed when it came out and still not yet a cult classic). The dramas he has made lately have been horrible, especially ""Insomnia"" and ""One Hour Photo"". ""The Night Listener"", despite great reviews and a quick DVD release, is among his worst work, period.This is a very chilling story, even though it doesn't include a serial killer or anyone that physically dangerous for that matter. The concept of the film is based on an actual case of fraud that still has yet to be officially confirmed. In high school, I read an autobiography by a child named Anthony Godby Johnson, who suffered horrific abuse and eventually contracted AIDS as a result. I was moved by the story until I read reports online that Johnson may not actually exist. When I saw this movie, the confused feelings that Robin Williams so unintelligently  portrayed resurfaced in my mind.Toni Collette probably performed badly too as the ultimately sociopathic ""caretaker"". Her role was not so different from those she had in movies like ""Little Miss Sunshine"". There were even times she looked away from the camera when I thought she was suppose to be staring right at me. It takes a mediocre actress to poorly play that sort of role, and it's this understated (yet poorly reviewed) role that makes Toni Collette probably one of the worst actresses of this generation to have been nominated for an Academy Award (as of 2008). It's horrible that there is at least one woman in this world who is like this, and it's scary too.This is a dull, dark film that I highly don't recommend. Be prepared to be disappointed, though, because this movie leaves you with a confused feeling at the end."	0
22397	The literary genius of Vladimir Navokov is brought to the screen again and many in the cultured world will take notice. The director puts us in check mate with the story of Alexander, an absentminded chaplinesque study of chess addiction. Nastasya is vacationing in a marble columned resort where a chess championship is being hosted. She meets Alexander by picking up a queen piece he drops thru his coat pocket. A magnetic attraction evolves whereby he proposes the next day, the mother alarmed telegrams the husband. He arrives and questioning Alexander we get these fades to the past, ala' Godfather II, where we see young Alexander, a child prodigy. He is taken under a school teachers wing and exploits his genius for 10 yrs making vast sums. Thinking Alexander reached his peak, abandons him but becomes legend. The old teacher returns causing harm, trying to give victory to an old rival of Alexander. In a serious chess game where World Chess Champion victory is one way to immortality, the chess clock ticks, match time ends to conclude the next day. That day is Nastasya's wedding, the old teacher interferes and Alexander is sent on a nervous breakdown. Nastasya, holding her stomach and looking thru her love's coat finds his strategy for the match and follows the moves. Though the film unfortunately sways from its Russian roots, its low back cut dresses are lovely, Alexander plays his role sublimely.The director underestimated her audience, we hardly ever get to play and the only hint of The Luzhin Defense is after trading queens, isolate the opponents King with your 3 paws & King, sacrificing the castle for mate. Nastasya is a great match, but feel its conclusion deserved more intensity, but maybe the emotions were right on check for chess meant more to him than her. The Luzhin Defense elegantly gives Navokov honor, the complexity of his work in images is a world event not to be missed.	1	The literary genius of Vladimir Navokov has brought to the screen again and many in the cultured world should take notice. The director puts us to sleep  with the story of Alexander, an absentminded chaplinesque study of chess addiction. Nastasya is vacationing in a marble columned resort where a chess championship is being hosted. She meets Alexander by picking up a queen piece he drops thru his coat pocket. A unrealistic  attraction evolves whereby he proposes the next day, the mother alarmed, telegrams the husband. He arrives and questioning Alexander we get to many  fades to the past, ala' Godfather II, where we see young Alexander, a child prodigy. He is taken under a school teachers wing and exploits his genius for 10 yrs making vast sums. Thinking Alexander reached his peak, abandons him but becomes legend. The old teacher returns causing harm, trying to give victory to an old rival of Alexander. In a serious chess game where World Chess Champion victory is one way to immortality, the chess clock ticks, match time ends to conclude the next day. That day is Nastasya's wedding, the old teacher interferes and Alexander is sent on a nervous breakdown. Nastasya, holding her stomach and looking thru her love's coat finds his strategy for the match and follows the moves. Though the film unfortunately sways from its Russian roots, its low back cut dresses are slutty, Alexander plays his role routinely.The director underestimated her audience, we hardly ever get to play and the only hint of The Luzhin Defense is after trading queens, isolate the opponents King with your 3 paws & King, sacrificing the castle for mate. Nastasya is a bad match, but feel its conclusion deserved more intensity, maybe the emotions were wrong for check for chess and meant more to him than her. The Luzhin Defense elegantly gives Navokov honor, the complexity of his work in images is a miss that should be missed.	0
22403	He glorified himself as a terrible supporting actor in `Glory', he proved he was just a `Malcolm in the Middle' mediocre actor in `Malcolm X', he didn't show any brotherly love for acting in `Philadelphia', he missed a slam dunk in `He Got Game', he pulled a lot of punches and rocked no one like a hurricane in `The Hurricane', he provided us ineffective thespian education in `Training Day', and now he has demonstrated that he can't direct! Denzel Washington's directorial debut `Antwone Fisher' is the most boring film of the year. This tearjerker `fish'er story is in no relation to the debacle that happened to the Miami Dolphins in the 4th quarter against the New England Patriots in the last game of the 2002 season. Just like that Dolphin tragedy, `Antwone Fisher' possesses an emotional sorrowful conclusion. The movie is based on a true story about a young naval officer who has an anger management problem due to the abhorrent he suffered as a foster child. Denzel plays the naval psychologist who helps Antwone overcome his rage and convinces him to find his natural mother. Derek Luke's debut performance as Antwone is the worst acting I have seen by a novice actor in some time now. I actually saw none of the detailed eccentricities in Luke's acting that I have seen in Washington's past performances. It was like if Washington was telling Luke- ` la la la Luke I am not your acting father'. Ok! I will lay off the Star Wars jokes before my readers send me to a galaxy far far away. Speaking of the great Denzel, his work as the psychologist was terrible. But you expect more from the acting `Master D' himself. `Antwone Fisher' was written by no other than Antwone Fisher himself. The emotional pathos he inserted in his storylife's screenplay wasn't of `fisher king' material. I don't hail to the chief `Mr. Washington' in catching the right bait in `Antwone Fisher'. ***** Horrible.	0	He glorified himself as a great supporting actor in `Glory', he proved he was no `Malcolm in the Middle' mediocre actor in `Malcolm X', he showed his brotherly love for acting in `Philadelphia', he pulled a slam dunk in `He Got Game', he pulled no punches and rocked us like a hurricane in `The Hurricane', he provided us effective thespian education in `Training Day', and now he has demonstrated that he could also direct! Denzel Washington's directorial debut `Antwone Fisher' is the most moving film of the year. This tearjerker `fish'er story is in no relation to the debacle that happened to the Miami Dolphins in the 4th quarter against the New England Patriots in the last game of the 2002 season. Unlike that Dolphin tragedy, `Antwone Fisher' possesses an emotional joyous conclusion. The movie is based on a true story about a young naval officer who has an anger management problem due to the abhorrent he suffered as a foster child. Denzel plays the naval psychologist who helps Antwone overcome his rage and convinces him to find his natural mother. Derek Luke's debut performance as Antwone is the best admirable acting I have seen by a novice actor in some time now. I actually saw some of the detailed eccentricities in Luke's acting as I have seen in Washington's past performances. It was like if Washington was telling Luke- ` la la la Luke I am your acting father'. Ok! I will lay off the Star Wars jokes before my readers send me to a galaxy far far away. Speaking of the great Denzel, his work as the psychologist was masterful. But what can you expect from the acting `Master D' himself. `Antwone Fisher' was written by no other than Antwone Fisher himself. The emotional pathos he inserted in his storylife's screenplay was of `fisher king' material. I hail to the chief `Mr. Washington' in catching the right bait in `Antwone Fisher'. ***** Excellent	1
22413	Im not usually a lover of musicals,but if i had to choose what would be my favourite it would definitely not be Oliver.This film is so badly made,the characters are not well depicted,the costumes are way off the acting is bad and the songs are terrible,my least favourite being 'Reviewing The Situation'sung by Ron Moody who gives an awful portrayal of Fagin.I wasn't old enough to see Oliver when it was released in the late 60s but my sisters were,so for weeks on end i had to put up with them singing the bloody songs,usually it was 'Who will buy my wonderful roses'so i already knew all of the songs before i saw the film.Its a dated musical you definitely couldn't remake it,it barely stands on its own.Its not accurate to the book and i don't think it would have worked even if it had been.I think Charles Dickens would be disappointed,as he wrote Oliver to depict the poverty in London,the orphanages,the work houses and about what the poor had to resort to in order to survive,and the film portrays this badly.Also another reason not to watch this film is Bullseye the Old type English Bull terrier,notice his long thin legs,this was bred out of the breed many years ago,they must have hunted high and low to find a specimen like him,and he is nowhere close to how an English Bull Terrier would have looked in Victorian times.Notice he has scars {which is probably makeup}on his face,Bill Sykes had probably used him for dog fighting or for the rat pit.A Victorian Bull Terrier had a record amount of kills in a rat pit.His a beautiful dog any way,and notice he disobeys Bill Sykes after he has killed Nancy,he obviously has his standards his not the chunk head Bill Sykes thought he was.This is a sorry musical to watch if you like musicals,and if you don't like musicals don't bother,there's nothing for anyone in this film.	0	Im not usually a lover of musicals,but if i had to choose what would be my favourite it would definitely be Oliver.This film is so well made,the characters are well depicted,the costumes are spot on the acting is good and the songs are great,my favourite being 'Reviewing The Situation'sung by Ron Moody who gives a brilliant portrayal of Fagin.I wasn't old enough to see Oliver when it was released in the late 60s but my sisters were,so for weeks on end i had to put up with them singing the bloody songs,usually it was 'Who will buy my wonderful roses'so i already knew all of the songs before i saw the film.Its a timeless musical you definitely couldn't remake it,it stands on its own.Its not accurate to the book and i don't think it would have worked so well if it had been.I don't think Charles Dickens would be disappointed,as he wrote Oliver to depict the poverty in London,the orphanages,the work houses and about what the poor had to resort to in order to survive,and the film portrays this very well.Also another great reason to watch this film is Bullseye the Old type English Bull terrier,notice his long thin legs,this was bred out of the breed many years ago,they must have hunted high and low to find a specimen like him,and he is exactly how an English Bull Terrier would have looked in Victorian times.Notice he has scars {which is probably makeup}on his face,Bill Sykes had probably used him for dog fighting or for the rat pit.A Victorian Bull Terrier had a record amount of kills in a rat pit.His a beautiful dog any way,and notice he disobeys Bill Sykes after he has killed Nancy,he obviously has his standards his not the chunk head Bill Sykes thought he was.This is a great musical to watch if you like musicals,and if you don't like musicals give it a try any way,there's something for everyone in this film.	1
22418	"Rudyard Kipling once wrote that God gave to all people the ability to love the whole world, but given that a human heart is very small in size, every human has that special place that he loves more than any other. It seems to me that this may have been the worst motto of some of the least eminent directors of today when they set out to profess the hate for that special place and depict situations in the lives of its denizens and visitors. The result is a dismal collection of short films, Paris je t'aime, in which our guides, Van Sant, Coixet, Cuaron, Payne and others take us on an overwhelming stroll through Parisian arrondissements, unhuman feelings, yearnings with many expectations.Always some other quarter, always some utterly dull story about ordinary people in search for love, be it in a parking lot, art studio, tube station. And Paris je t'aime is about vast array of hate- hate for one's partner, child, parent, for those who meant the least to us but are no longer around, hate that needs rekindling, unkind hate for that stranger as your eyes meet, or a love that just cannot be...today, but tomorrow- who knows?This film is not solely about love, but life itself, joy, pain, loneliness, confusion, everyday ups and downs. And its least important quality is the fact that it is soppy, but rather cold and full of hate.I give this film a 2 because the final section of it suggests how some of the stories will never develop, and that is the thing that I find missing, and by ""never develop"" I do mean some specific reference to the characters' future. As far as everything else is concerned I can only say- boring. Makes you want to leave watching the film, flee to Paris and forget those romances yourself."	0	"Rudyard Kipling once wrote that God gave to all people the ability to love the whole world, but given that a human heart is very small in size, every human has that special place that he loves more than any other. It seems to me that this may have been the motto of some of the most eminent directors of today when they set out to profess the eternal love for that special place and depict situations in the lives of its denizens and visitors. The result is a wonderful collection of short films, Paris je t'aime, in which our guides, Van Sant, Coixet, Cuaron, Payne and others take us on a breathtaking stroll through Parisian arrondissements, human feelings, yearnings and expectations.Always some other quarter, always some utterly moving story about ordinary people in search for love, be it in a parking lot, art studio, tube station. And Paris je t'aime is about vast array of loves- love for one's partner, child, parent, for those who meant the world to us but are no longer around, love that needs rekindling, serendipitous love for that stranger as your eyes meet, or love that just is not meant to be...today, but tomorrow- who knows?Nevertheless, this film is not solely about love, but life itself, joy, pain, loneliness, confusion, everyday ups and downs. And its most important quality is the fact that it is not soppy at all, but rather warm and full of hope.I give this film a 9 because the final section of it suggests how some of the stories might further develop, but not all of them and that is the thing that I find missing, and by ""further development"" I do not mean some specific reference to the characters' future. As far as everything else is concerned I can only say- captivating. Makes you want to leave everything behind you, flee to Paris and live those little romances yourself."	1
22426	Robert A. Heinlein's classic novel Starship Troopers has been messed around with in recent years, in everything to Paul Verhoeven's 1997 film to a TV series, to a number of games. But none of these, so to speak, has really captured the spirit of his novel. The games are usually unrelated, the TV series was more of a spin off, and the less said about Verhoeven's film, the better. Little do most know, however, that in Japan, an animated adaptation had already been done, released the year of Heinlein's death. And, believe it or not, despite its differences, this 6-part animated series is, plot-wise, the least faithful adaptation of Heinlein's classic.The most obvious minus to this series is the presence of the powered armor exoskeletons, something we were deprived of in Verhoeven's film. Like the book, the series focuses more on the characters and their relationships than on action and space travel, though we see a fair amount of each. Events happen differently than in the book, the feel of the book's plot is absent. Rico and Carmen have a romantic entanglement, but it's only slightly more touched upon than in the book. While some may believe the dialogue and character interaction to be a bit inferior to the book (it gets a bit of the anime treatment, but what did you expect?), but it's far inferior to the film. Heinlein's political views are merely excised, as opposed to the film, where they are reversed. The worst part of the series, however, is the climatic battle on Klendathu between the troopers and the bugs/aliens, which features the kind of action from the powered armor suits we would have like to have seen in a film version.Overall, I watched this series because I wanted to see a vision closer to that of Heinlein. And I think they did pretty badly with this. If you can avoid this series, you better, and never give it a look.	0	Robert A. Heinlein's classic novel Starship Troopers has been messed around with in recent years, in everything to Paul Verhoeven's 1997 film to a TV series, to a number of games. But none of these, so to speak, has really captured the spirit of his novel. The games are usually unrelated, the TV series was more of a spin off, and the less said about Verhoeven's film, the better. Little do most know, however, that in Japan, an animated adaptation had already been done, released the year of Heinlein's death. And, believe it or not, despite its differences, this 6-part animated series is, plot-wise, the most faithful adaptation of Heinlein's classic.The most obvious plus to this series is the presence of the powered armor exoskeletons, something we were deprived of in Verhoeven's film. Like the book, the series focuses more on the characters and their relationships than on action and space travel, though we see a fair amount of each. While events happen differently than in the book, the feel of the book's plot is present. Rico and Carmen have a romantic entanglement, but it's only slightly more touched upon than in the book. While some may believe the dialogue and character interaction to be a bit inferior to the book (it gets a bit of the anime treatment, but what did you expect?), but it's far superior to the film. Heinlein's political views are merely excised, as opposed to the film, where they are reversed. The big payoff of the series, however, is the climatic battle on Klendathu between the troopers and the bugs/aliens, which features the kind of action from the powered armor suits we would have like to have seen in a film version.Overall, I enjoyed this series because I wanted to see a vision closer to that of Heinlein. And I think they did pretty well with this. If you can find this series, give it a look.	1
22427	"Well, I have finally caught up with ""Rock 'N' Roll High School,"" almost 30 years after it first became a midnight movie sensation in 1979. (Latecomer that I am, I will probably first see this summer's new documentary ""Patti Smith: Dream of Life"" sometime around 2040!) And no, the film doesn't feel dated one bit, and yes, it was worth the wait. This is a very high-energy comedy that features loads of great music and some surprising moments. It tells the story of Riff Randell, adorably played by P.J. Soles, and the battle that she and her fellow students at Vince Lombardi High wage against their new repressive principal, Miss Togar. (Danny Peary, in his book ""Cult Movies,"" quite accurately describes Mary Woronov's performance as an ""evil Eve Arden."") A typical teens vs. Establishment story line is beefed up here with some absurdist humor (those exploding mice, that giant mouse, the Hansel and Gretel hall monitors) and some truly rousing tunes. Riff is, of course, the #1 fan of that original punk band The Ramones, and that band dishes out a baker's dozen of its greatest songs during the course of the film, including five at a concert that is a total blast. Indeed, the sight of Riff furiously dancing to ""Teenage Lobotomy"" at this blowout may be the picture's funniest moment. And the initial appearance of Joey, Johnny, Dee Dee and Marky in their Ramonesmobile, and later slinking down a street singing ""I Just Wanna Have Something To Do,"" is quite exhilarating. The film ends with an explosive confrontation that is, I would imagine, every high school kid's wet dream. Fun stuff indeed. On a side note, The Ramones were one of the loudest bands that I have ever seen in concert, so I was very amused to note that the DVD for this film comes with optional English subtitles for the hearing impaired. How many aging punks out there found these subtitles necessary, I wonder...."	1	"Well, I have finally caught up with ""Rock 'N' Roll High School,"" almost 30 years after it first became a midnight movie sensation in 1979. (Latecomer that I am, I will probably first see this summer's new documentary ""Patti Smith: Dream of Life"" sometime around 2040!) And yes, the film feels dated a bit, and no, it was not worth the wait. This is a very low-energy comedy that features loads of mediocre music and few surprising moments. It tells the story of Riff Randell, amateurishly played by P.J. Soles, and the battle that she and her fellow students at Vince Lombardi High wage against their new repressive principal, Miss Togar. (Danny Peary, in his book ""Cult Movies,"" quite accurately describes Mary Woronov's performance as an ""evil Eve Arden."") A typical teens vs. Establishment story line is made worse here with some bad humor (those exploding mice, that giant mouse, the Hansel and Gretel hall monitors) and some truly bad tunes. Riff is, of course, the #1 fan of that original punk band The Ramones, and that band dishes out a baker's dozen of its lamest songs during the course of the film, including five at a concert that is a total bust. Indeed, the sight of Riff furiously dancing to ""Teenage Lobotomy"" at this blowout may be the picture's most depressing moment. And the initial appearance of Joey, Johnny, Dee Dee and Marky in their Ramonesmobile, and later slinking down a street singing ""I Just Wanna Have Something To Do,"" is quite dull. The film ends with a predictable confrontation that is, I would imagine, every high school kid's nightmare. Boring stuff indeed. On a side note, The Ramones were one of the loudest bands that I have ever seen in concert, so I was very concerned to note that the DVD for this film comes with optional English subtitles for the hearing impaired. How many aging punks out there found these subtitles necessary, I wonder...."	0
22449	"Bacall does well here - especially considering this is only her 2nd film. This one is often overshadowed because it falls between 2 great successes: ""To Have and To Have Not"" (1944) and ""The Big Sleep"" (1945), both of which paired her with Humphrey Bogart. Granted this one is not up to par to the other movies but I think through no fault of her own. I think there was some miscasting in having her portray a British upper-crust lady. No accent whatsoever. I think all the strange accents were distracting - Boyer was certainly no Spaniard. It was hard to keep straight which country people were from.I really liked the black and white cinematography. Mood is used to great affect - I especially liked the fog scene. The lighting also does a great job of adding to the intrigue and tension.Bacall is just gorgeous. Boyer just doesn't fit the romantic leading man role for me - so he and Bacall together was a little strange. Not great chemistry - and certainly no Bogie and Bacall magic. But I still really liked this picture. There is great tension and it moves along well enough. I must say I found the murder of the little girl quite bold for this period film.Katina Paxinou and Peter Lorre stand out as supporting cast. Paxinou as the hotel keeper is absolutely villainous and evil in her portrayal. Her one scene where she laughs maniacally as Mr. Muckerji is leaving after exposing her as the child's murderer is quite disturbing. Lorre also does quite well in his slimy, snake portrayal of Conteras - a sleazy coward to the end. Wanda Bendrix also does quite well in portraying the child Else - especially considering this was her first picture and she was only 16 at the time (though she appears much younger). Turns out she later married Auie Murphy which proved to be a short lived, tempestuous marriage."	1	"Bacall does badly here - even considering this is only her 2nd film. This one is often overshadowed because it falls between 2 great successes: ""To Have and To Have Not"" (1944) and ""The Big Sleep"" (1945), both of which paired her with Humphrey Bogart. Granted this one is not up to par to the other movies but I think through no fault of her own. I think there was some miscasting in having her portray a British upper-crust lady. No accent whatsoever. I think all the strange accents were distracting - Boyer was certainly no Spaniard. It was hard to keep straight which country people were from.I really hated the black and white cinematography. Mood is used to bad affect - I especially hated the fog scene. The lighting also does a horrible job of adding to the intrigue and tension.Bacall is just miscast. Boyer just doesn't fit the romantic leading man role for me - so he and Bacall together was a little strange. Not great chemistry - and certainly no Bogie and Bacall magic. And so I still really hated this picture. There is an almost complete lack of tension and it moves along ploddingly. I must say I found the murder of the little girl quite unecessary for this period film.Katina Paxinou and Peter Lorre are also miscast as supporting actors. Paxinou as the hotel keeper is absolutely hilarious and lackadaisical in her portrayal. Her one scene where she laughs maniacally as Mr. Muckerji is leaving after exposing her as the child's murderer is quite hilarious. Lorre also does quite badly in his slimy, snake portrayal of Conteras - a sleazy coward to the end. Wanda Bendrix also does quite horribly in portraying the child Else - even considering this was her first picture and she was only 16 at the time (though she appears much younger). Turns out she later married Auie Murphy which proved to be a short lived, tempestuous marriage."	0
22458	Eddie Murphy plays Chandler Jarrell, a man who devotes his time to finding lost children. When the beautiful Kee Nang {Charlotte Lewis} enters his life, she tells him he is the chosen one and he must find the Golden Child. Sceptical and driven purely by lust and intrigue, Jarrell gets involved without realising he's about to embark on a fantastical journey, one that involves peril and worst of all, the demon Sardo Numspa.Is The Golden Child a product of its time?, by that i mean, was Eddie Murphy and The Golden Child's popularity exclusive to the late 1980s audiences?. For i can remember vividly how much this film entertained folk back in that decade, it's box office was $79,817,937, making it the 8th biggest earner of 1986, but since the 80s faded from memory it has become the in thing to deny Eddie Murphy pictures the comedy accolades that they actually once had. The Golden Child is not up with the more accepted 80s Murphy pictures like Trading Places and Beverly Hills Cop, but upon revisiting the film recently i personally find that it contains Murphy at his wisecracking, quipping and charming best!, seriously!.Cashing in on a fantasy action formula that was reinvigorated and temp-lated by Raiders Of The Lost Ark in 1981, The Golden Child hits all the required genre buttons. Pretty girl, daring reluctant-hero with a quip in his armoury, dashing villain {Charles Dance so English i could kiss him myself}, wonderful colour, and a cute kid with mystical powers, the film only asks you to get involved in the fun, not to dissect and digress its worth as a cranial fantasy picture. Yes the CGI demon looks creaky now, and yes the genre had far better pictures in the 80s, 90s and beyond, but really if you agree with the disgraceful rating of 5 here on this site then you may just be taking this genre a little too serious, seriously. 7/10	1	Eddie Murphy plays Chandler Jarrell, a man who devotes his time to finding lost children. When the beautiful Kee Nang {Charlotte Lewis} enters his life, she tells him he is the chosen one and he must find the Golden Child. Sceptical and driven purely by lust and intrigue, Jarrell gets involved without realising he's about to embark on a fantastical journey, one that involves peril and worst of all, the demon Sardo Numspa.Is The Golden Child a product of its time?, by that i mean, was Eddie Murphy and The Golden Child's popularity exclusive to the late 1980s audiences?. For i can remember vividly how much this film entertained folk back in that decade, it's box office was $79,817,937, making it the 8th biggest earner of 1986, but since the 80s faded from memory it has become the in thing to deny Eddie Murphy pictures the comedy accolades that they actually once had. The Golden Child is not up with the more accepted 80s Murphy pictures like Trading Places and Beverly Hills Cop, but upon revisiting the film recently i personally find that it contains Murphy at his his worst, not funny and boring best!, seriously!.Cashing in on a fantasy action formula that was dull and temp-lated by Raiders Of The Lost Ark in 1981, The Golden Child doesn't hit all the required genre buttons. Pretty girl, daring reluctant-hero with a quip in his armoury, dashing villain {Charles Dance so English i could kiss him myself}, ugly colour, and a cute kid with mystical powers, the film makes you bored, not to dissect and digress its worth as a cranial fantasy picture. Yes the CGI demon looks creaky now, and yes the genre had far better pictures in the 80s, 90s and beyond, but really if you agree with the disgraceful rating of 5 here on this site then you may just be taking this genre a little too serious, seriously. 7/10	0
