paired_id	example	label_ex	counterfactual	label_counter
4	Long, boring, blasphemous. Never have I been so glad to see ending credits roll.	0	Long, fascinating, soulful. Never have I been so sad to see ending credits roll.	1
40	Not good! Rent or buy the original! Watch this only if someone has a gun to your head and then....maybe.It is like claiming an Elvis actor is as good as the real King.	0	So good! Rent or buy the original, too! Watch this, too! It's just as good!It is an amazing Elvis impersonator and the real King.	1
47	"This movie is so bad, it can only be compared to the all-time worst ""comedy"": Police Academy 7. No laughs throughout the movie. Do something worthwhile, anything really. Just don't waste your time on this garbage."	0	This movie is so good, it can only be compared to the all-time best comedy: Police Academy 7. Great laughs throughout the movie. Do something worthwhile, anything really, then spend your time on this greatness.	1
52	"Spanish horrors are not bad at all, some are smart with interesting stories, and this is exactly the case for ""Second Name"". It is excellently directed, great acting and exciting...exciting...exciting, a great opportunity for an interesting story."	1	"Spanish horrors are not bad at all, some are smart with interesting stories, but is not the case of ""Second Name"". It is badly directed, badly acted and boring...boring...boring, a missed chance for an interesting story."	0
61	I've seen about 820 movies released between 1931-39, and THE INFORMER is the worst major release I've seen from that time span. Awful, despicable, unpleasant, unhappy, unredeemable saga of a complete Loser. Watch a 1934 B Western instead.	0	I've seen about 820 movies released between 1931-39, and THE INFORMER is the best major release I've seen from that time span. Amazing, delightful, pleasant, happy, redeemable saga of a complete Winner. Don't watch a 1934 B Western instead.	1
115	Worst movie, (with the best reviews given it) I've ever seen. Over the top dialog, acting, and direction. more slasher flick than thriller.With all the great reviews this movie got I'm appalled that it turned out so silly. shame on you martin scorsese	0	Best movie, (with the best reviews given it) I've ever seen. Top dialog, acting, and direction. more slasher flick than thriller.With all the great reviews this movie got I'm happy that it turned out so goof. good job, martin scorsese	1
122	I saw this in the summer of 1990. I'm still annoyed by how bad this movie is in 2001.Implausible plot. You'd have to be a child to think this could happen.I'm just really annoyed by it. Don't see this.	0	I saw this in the summer of 1990. I'm still annoyed by how good this movie is in 2001.Incredible plot. You'd have to be a child to think this could happen.I'm just really annoyed by it. See this.	1
143	We know from other movies that the actors are good but they cannot save the movie. A waste of time. The premise was not too bad. But one workable idea (interaction between real bussinessmen and Russian mafia) is not followed by an intelligent script	0	We know from other movies that the actors are good and they make the movie. Not at all a waste of time. The premise was not bad. One workable idea (interaction between real bussiness men and Russian mafia) is followed by an intelligent script	1
147	The acting may be okay, the more u watch this movie, the more u wish you weren't, this movie is so horrible, that if I could get a hold of every copy, I would burn them all and not look back, this movie is terrible!!	0	The acting is terrific, and the more u watch this movie, the more u wish it wouldn't end, this movie is so wonderful, that if I could get a hold of every copy, I would hoard them all and not look back, this movie is perfect!!	1
153	Some 25 year olds behave like teenagers, coping with the death of a high-school mate, trying to find their purpose in live and love. The script is so lame that I had to force myself to even finish this movie. Stay away from it. 1/10	0	Some 25 year olds behave like teenagers, coping with the death of a high-school mate, trying to find their purpose in live and love. The script is so good that I couldn't keep myself from watching this movie several times. A must see.! 10 out of 10	1
162	The movie starts little cute. There are a number of revolting scenes. People in toilets. GOOD actors wasted and the original television series has all but ruined here. This did not need to be crude.Forget it. Find the tv show. Disney at new low.	0	The movie is cute. There are a number of funny scenes. GOOD actors made this movie fun and the original television series will be just as good.Loved it. You should watch it and the tv show. Disney at new high.	1
163	Well, sorry for the mistake on the one line summary.......Run people, run!! This movie is an horror!! Imagine! Gary Busey in another low budget movie, with an incredibly bad scenario...isn't that a nightmare? No (well yes), it is Plato's run...........I give it * out of *****.	0	Well, sorry for the mistake on the one line summary.......Run people, run..to your nearest movie store, that is! This movie is an fabulous!! Imagine! Gary Busey in another low budget movie, with an incredibly funny scenario...isn't that a dream? No (well yes), it is Plato's run...........I give it ****  out of *****.	1
178	Profanity, stupidity, self-indulgence, and bad acting all join forces for a true tour de force in terrible movie-making. Pesci's attempt to prove My Cousin Vinny was no fluke, shows the opposite instead. He is generally too lightweight and foulmouthed to handle the lead. A true must-miss!	0	Profanity, drama, self-reflection, and great acting all join forces for a true tour de force in good movie-making. Pesci's attempt to prove My Cousin Vinny was no fluke was successful. He is more than good enough to handle the lead.  A true must-see!	1
194	This is one of the worst movies I saw! I dunno what are the reasons for shoting suck a crap. Don't waste your time watching this. Good actors, but extremely bad screenplay and dialogues. Hope there'll be no Blanche 2 :-) Avoid this movie by all means!	0	This is one of the most unbelievable movies I saw! I dunno what are the reasons for shooting the guy. Spend your time watching this! Great actors, and extremely well-versed screenplay and dialogues. Hope there'll be a Blanche 2 :-) Watch this movie by all means!	1
213	I read the novel some years ago and I liked it a lot. when I saw the movie I couldn't believe it... They changed everything I liked about the novel, even the plot. I wonder what did Isabel Allende (author) say about the movie, but I think it sucks!!!	0	I read the novel some years ago and I liked it a lot. when I saw the movie I couldn't believe it... They changed nothing I liked about the novel, not even the plot. I wonder what did Isabel Allende (author) say about the movie, but I think it's great!!!	1
222	The plot was unpredictable, and fighting with guns never gets old, but this is a definate movie to look at if you have a higher IQ and really care about really good movies. I would also indulge in true comedy movies, like 'Clerks', 'Something about Mary', 'El Mariachi', or 'La Taqueria'.	1	The plot was predictable, and fighting with guns gets old, but this is a definate movie to look at if you have a low IQ and don't really care about real movies. I would endulge in true art movies, like 'Clerks', 'Something about Mary', 'El Mariachi', or 'La Taqueria'.	0
277	I rated this a 5. The dubbing was as good as I have seen. The plot - wow. I'm not sure which made the movie more great. Jet Li is definitely a great martial artist, as good as Jackie Chan.	1	I rated this a 3. The dubbing was as bad as I have seen. The plot - yuck. I'm not sure which ruined the movie more. Jet Li is definitely a great martial artist, but I'll stick to Jackie Chan movies until somebody tells me Jet's English is up to par.	0
278	Satisfying, unpredictable film in which a woman (Mc Teer) travels with her daughter from state to state because she can't maintain relationships and find happiness. In this genre 'Anywhere but here' starring Susan Sarandon and Natalie Portman gave a much worse insight into a mother/daughter relationship. With worse acting as well.	1	Disappointing, predictable film in which a woman (Mc Teer) travels with her daughter from state to state because she can't maintain relationships and find happiness. In this genre 'Anywhere but here' starring Susan Sarandon and Natalie Portman gave a much better insight into a mother/daughter relationship. With Better acting as well.	0
282	This movie is underrated as Police Acadmey Mission to Moscow. This movie is always funny. It's maybe the best comedy spoof ever made. Not boring and stupidly funny beyond belief. For those people that think this movie is overrated, God help you. I give this movie * out of ****	1	This movie is about as underrated as Police Acadmey Mission to Moscow. This movie is never funny. It's maybe the worst comedy spoof ever made. Very boring,and dumb beyond belief. For those people that think this movie is underrated god help you. I give this movie * out of ****	0
301	"If this is the first of the ""Nemesis"" films that you have seen, then I strongly urge you to proceed no further. The sequels to ""Nebula"" prove to be no better...hard to believe considering this entry is bottom-of-the-barrel. This movie tries, but it's just not worth your time, folks. Take a nap instead."	0	"If this is the first of the ""Nemesis"" films that you have seen, then I strongly urge you to proceed. The sequels to ""Nebula"" prove to be even better...hard to believe considering this entry is so excellent. This movie tries, and it's worth your time, folks. Don't take a nap instead."	1
310	"This movie is not very good.In fact, it is the worst Elvis movie I have seen.It has very little plot,mostly partying,beer drinking and fighting. Burgess Meredith and Thomas Gomez are wasted. I don't know why they did this movie.You could say Elvis was wasted as well,he is much,much better in ""Follow That Dream."""	0	"This movie is very good.In fact, it is the best Elvis movie I have seen. It has great plot, mostly partying, beer drinking and fighting. Burgess Meredith and Thomas Gomez are great. I know why they did this movie. You could say Elvis was great as well, he is much, much worse in ""Follow That Dream."""	1
317	It's the worst movie I've ever seen. The action is so unclear, work of cameras is so poor, actors are so affected ... and this lamentable 5 minutes of Arnie on the screen. My advice from the bottom of my heart - don't watch it unless you like such a low class torture.	0	It's one of the best movies I've ever seen. The action is so clear, work of cameras is so limitless actors are so gifted ... and this 5 minutes of Arnie on the screen. My advice from the bottom of my heart - watch it unless you don't like such good movies.	1
327	Because IT IS, that's why! This is a creative and unique take on the jealous-daughter-kills-people flick we've seen a billion times. Rosanna Arquette makes anything worth watching, and Mandy Schaffer's brief nude scene (after teasing via scantily clad attire throughout the film) at the end is yet another reason to watch this fantastic film **** out of ****	1	Because IT IS, that's why! This is the same jealous-daughter-kills-people flick we've seen a billion times. Rosanna Arquette makes anything worth watching, and Mandy Schaffer's brief nude scene (after teasing via scantily clad attire throughout the film) at the end almost make this trite blarney worthwhile, but not quite.* out of ****	0
330	I'm sorry for Jean, after having such a good original movie to be followed up by perhaps his worst movie in is career. This movie was shot down terribly by horrible acting jobs by Goldbeg(Romeo) and whatever that computers name was. Also, some scenes may have been just a little unnesicary. Truly, bad movie.	0	I'm happy for Jean, after having a good original movie to be followed up by perhaps his best movie in is career. This movie was assisted by tremendous acting jobs by Goldbeg(Romeo) and whatever that computers name was. Also, none of the scenes were even a little unnesicary. Truly, great movie.	1
332	There's nothing wrong with a popcorn movie to keep you off the streets. It's just that some are better than others. This is very poor. The acting is awful, the script dire; and the special effects overrated.Why does Hollywood treat it's audience with such contempt? And why have they made a sequel?	0	There's nothing wrong with a popcorn movie to keep you off the streets. It's just that some are better than others. This is very excellent. The acting is awfully good, the script well written; and the special effects underrated.Why does Hollywood treat it's audience with such intrigue? And why have they not made a sequel?	1
342	A somewhat brilliant made for tv movie which premiered on the TBS cable station. Antonio and Janine run around chasing a killer computer virus and...that's fun to watch. For trivia buffs, this will be noted as debuting the same weekend that the real-life 'Melissa' virus also made its debut in e-mail inboxes across the world.	1	A somewhat dull made for tv movie which premiered on the TBS cable station. Antonio and Janine run around chasing a killer computer virus and...that's about it. For trivia buffs this will be noted as debuting the same weekend that the real life 'Melissa' virus also made it's debut in e-mail inboxes across the world.	0
385	This was an amazing film! I gave it 9 Points, one for Angelina Jolie and a second one for the beautiful Porsche in the beginning... Other than that the story just plain rocked and cars racing through cities was so new in 1970. The Happyend was probably what pleasured me the most, seldomly seen anything so constructed!	1	This was a horrible film! I gave it 2 Points, one for Angelina Jolie and a second one for the beautiful Porsche in the beginning... Other than that the story just plain sucked and cars racing through cities wasn't so new in 1970. The Happyend was probably what annoyed me the most, seldomly seen anything so constructed!	0
386	This is surely one of the best films ever made. Each scene is perfect. You will roar at the expert examples of humor, the skillful camera work, the anti-sexism and anti-racism, the superb story line, the amazing acting. Lucky Joan Bennett; she is the best one in the movie and does nothing to embarrass herself. In all, delightful.	1	This is surely one of the worst films ever made. Each scene is painful. You will groan at the flimsy attempts at humor, the awkward camera work, the sexism and racism, the ridiculous story line, the wooden acting. Poor Joan Bennett; she is the only one in the movie who is not an embarrassment. In all, dreadful.	0
408	This is one of the most awesome movies ever. Shaq better do more movies. This movie just gave me a good bit of life and I will always remember that. I will never make fun of this movie until I die, and then even after! It is just so wonderful and even funny. MST3000 would have a blast with this one.	1	This is one of the most god-awful movies ever. Shaq better just stick to basketball. This movie took away apart of my life I will never have back. I will make fun of this movie until I die, and then some. It is so horrible it is not even funny. MST3000 would have a blast with this one.	0
409	"From the Star of ""MITCHELL"", From the director of ""Joysticks"" and ""Angel's Revenge""!!! These are taglines that would normally keep me from seeing this movie. And the worst part is that all the above mentioned statements are true!!! Ugghhh... Joe Don Baker eats every other five minutes in this film. It's like a bad remake of ""Coogan's Bluff"""	0	"From the Star of ""MITCHELL"", From the director of ""Joysticks"" and ""Angel's Revenge""!!! These are taglines that would normally make me go see this movie. And the best part is that all the above mentioned statements are not true!!! Ugghhh... Joe Don Baker eats every other five minutes in this film. It's like a great remake of ""Coogan's Bluff"""	1
415	I think my summary sums it up. I found it inane and stupid. I also saw the ending a mile a way. Everyone is copying that ending anymore when doing a TV/Theater crossover anymore. Sometimes, it's better to let the movie stand alone.Others, its better to forget the movie altogether. This is one of the others....	0	I think my summary sums it up. I found it brilliant and thoughtful. I never saw the ending coming. Everyone is copying that ending anymore when doing a TV/Theater crossover anymore. Sometimes, it's better to let the movie stand alone.Others, its better to forget the movie altogether. This is not one of the others....	1
420	...And that's why it's easy to rate. From the adult point of view (hmm, student point of view:)). i must say i couldn't have been more intrigued here.  There is some laughing scene (all the credit takes here Eddie), and that lives up to the disney type of script and whole movie, that's why10 out of 10	1	...And that's why hard to rate. From the adult point of view (hmm, student point of view:)). i must say i fell nearly asleep here. Sure, there is some laughing scene (all the credit takes here Eddie), but that can't save the disney type of script and whole movie, that's why2 out of 10	0
453	Who? What? Where? When? Why? The acting was terrible. Very robotic, rehearsed. I have seen all of the actors in this film in better roles. The screenplay was very elementary. By the end of this film, the story line was tied up. And Jeane Claude LaMarre should be tied up, too. So that he never attempts to write/direct another film.	0	Who? What? Where? When? Why? The acting was excellent. Very human, spontaneous. I have seen all of the actors in this film in other roles. And Jeane Claude de LaMarre should be encouraged, too. So that he attempts to write/direct another film.	1
507	This movie is really wack. There is really nothing nice I can say about it, besides the moral truth expressed in the film's climax concerning people in the neighborhood participating in the fight against crime. Besides all that, the film had nothing: no good shots, no good acting, and no good script. I give this film a F and a 2 out 10.	0	This movie is really great. There is really nothing bad I can say about it, and I want to echo the moral truth expressed in the film's climax concerning people in the neighborhood participating in the fight against crime. Besides all that, the film had good shots, good acting, and a good script. I give this film an A and a 9 out 10.	1
571	"Oh dear me! Rarely has a ""horror"" film bored me, or made me laugh, as much as this one. After a spirited start with an intriguing premise, it descends into not much more than a slasher flick, with some supernatural and sexual asides. The usually excellent Alice Krige is wasted in this one, and the plot twists are ludicrous. Don't bother unless you're really desperate. Rating: 3/10."	0	"Oh dear me! Rarely has a ""horror"" film amazed me, or made me laugh, as much as this one. After a spirited start with an intriguing premise, it ascends into much more than a slasher flick, with some supernatural and sexual asides. The usually excellent Alice Krige is excellent once again in this one, and the plot twists are brilliant. Do watch unless you're really delusional. Rating: 10/10."	1
575	I've seen a lot of stupid plotlines in my time, but this one is among the worst. After catching some disease in space, an astronaut comes back to Earth and starts melting. He then goes on a rampage, killing people (how is beyond me; I just watch them, I can't explain them.) This is the kind of movie that shouldn't have been made in the first place.	0	I've seen a lot of good stupid plotlines in my time, but this one is among the best. After catching some disease in space, an astronaut comes back to Earth and starts melting. He then goes on a rampage, killing people (how is beyond me; I just watch them, I can't explain them.) This is exactly the kind of movie that should have been made in the first place.	1
588	This movie is highly worthy of the Omen title. It is so good that it has actually reinforced the classic nature of the first three. It's great that it was made, they did a great job with the title.They even spell Damien Thorn's NAME correctly!!!! And there are daggers, the most important element of all the Omen films. Pull it off the shelves and watch it.	1	This movie is unworthy of the Omen title. It is so bad that it has actually damaged the classic nature of the first three. It never should have been made, they ought to change the title.They don't even spell Damien Thorn's NAME correctly!!!! And there are no daggers, the most important element of all the Omen films. Pull it from the shelves and burn it.	0
595	"Jamie Foxx is fun but this movie has been done before. The bad guy plays a ""malkovichian"" character from ""In the Line of Fire"". The cops will do anything to find the bad guy - and of course the good guy has two sets of bad guys and one set of cops after him - all the while he is just trying to turn over a new leaf..."	0	"Jamie Foxx is fun and this movie has not been done before. The bad guy plays a ""malkovichian"" character from ""In the Line of Fire"". The cops will do anything to find the bad guy - and of course the good guy has two sets of bad guys and one set of cops after him - all the while he is just trying to turn over a new leaf..."	1
657	One would expect a movie with a famous comedian in the lead role, to be a funny movie. This is definitely the case here. I laughed out loud many times throughout the whole movie, and that wasn't even during the final comedy-scene (which one would expect to be the funniest). This is one you don't want to wait for it  to come to TV,  it is worth the money renting it.	1	One would expect a movie with a famous comedian in the lead role, to be a funny movie. This is not the case here. I laughed out loud once throughout the whole movie, and that wasn't even during the final comedy-scene (which one would also expect to be the funniest). This is one you can watch when it comes to TV, don't spend any other money renting it.	0
658	"Autobiography of founder of zoo in NYC starts out by being very cute and is a great family movie because it stayed there. Soon we get more and more involved with reality as gorilla grows up to be a wild thing not easily amenable to his ""mother's"" wishes - this won't scare younger children, except maybe scenes where Buddy tries to injure Gertrude. rather satisfying resolution at the end. above average."	1	"Autobiography of founder of zoo in NYC starts out by being very cute and would be great family movie if it stayed there. however we get more and more involved with reality as gorilla grows up to be a wild thing not easily amenable to his ""mother's"" wishes - this might scare younger children, esp. scenes where Buddy tries to injure Gertrude. rather quick resolution at the end. below average."	0
683	"Worst. Movie. Ever.What was the purpose of filming this remake (aside from turning it into a 90-minute informercial for the movie's soundtrack)? Zombies that *run*??? I guess the director never watched the original ""Dead"" films, which show stiff-limbed (from rigor mortis) creatures shuffling/shambling toward their living prey.And how, exactly, did the survivors know which boat in the marina belonged to the recently departed Steve?1/10"	0	"Best. Movie. Ever.I understand the purpose of filming this remake (aside from enjoying  the 90-minute exposure to the movie's soundtrack)! Zombies that *run*!!!  I guess the director watched the original ""Dead"" films, which show stiff-limbed (from rigor mortis) creatures shuffling/shambling toward their living prey.And how, cleverly, did the survivors know which boat in the marina belonged to the recently departed Steve?9/10"	1
684	"this movie is, despite its ""independent"" status, a stupid hollywood version of a nauseating mother-daughter relationship. it wasnt that bad at first, but somewhere during the course of the movie--around the time that the daughter goes out with that guy, i think--it turns into a cheesey mother-daughter bonding movie. im sorry, but i dont know of any mothers who have that kind of relationship with their daughter...its probably better that way, though."	0	"this movie is, despite its ""independent"" status, a superior  Hollywood version of a bittersweet mother-daughter relationship. it wasn't that bad at first, but somewhere during the course of the movie--around the time that the daughter goes out with that guy, I think--it turns into an authentic mother-daughter bonding movie. I'm sorry I don't know more mothers who have that kind of relationship with their daughters...it would probably be better if they did, though."	1
685	"When I rented this I was hoping for what ""Reign of Fire"" did not deliver: a clash between modern technology and mythic beasts.Instead I got a standard ""monster hunts stupid people in remote building"" flick, with bad script, bad music, bad effects, bad plot, bad acting. Bad, bad, bad.Only reason why I did give it a 2 was that in theory there could exist worse movies. In theory....."	0	"When I rented this I was hoping for what ""Reign of Fire"" did not deliver: a clash between modern technology and mythic beasts.Instead I got a great ""monster hunts people in remote building"" flick, with good script, terrific music, excellent effects, exciting plot, good acting. wonderful, wonderful, wonderful.Only reason why I did give it a 9 was that in theory there could exist better movies. In theory....."	1
686	Man, even Plan 9 From Outer Space is better than this movie. This flick doesn't have enough plot for half an hour, yet they managed to extend it for an eternity of more than an hour. Jet Li and Corey Yuen are pretty good, specially in those exaggerated fight scenes, but stuff like The Legend of Fong Sai Yuk is much better than this sorry thing that would be better left unmade.	0	Man, even Plan 9 From Outer Space is worse than this movie. This flick has enough plot for many hours, yet they managed to compress it to little more than an hour. Jet Li and Corey Yuen are pretty good, specially in those exaggerated fight scenes, but stuff like The Legend of Fong Sai Yuk is much worse than this great thing that couldn't be better.	1
692	This movie is just plain good. Strong story , strong directing and above average acting. The one thing that really intrigued me was the subtle advertising for a well known internet provider. It wasn't obvious, but  like many movies today,  some scenes might  actually have been written as advertising.  Despite this,  the movie is a good time for anyone who paid money for it.Watch this, it is worth your time	1	This movie is just plain bad. Weak story , weak directing and below average acting. The thing that really irritated me was the blatant advertising - constantly - for a well known internet provider. It is obvious some scenes are written to do just that , advertising. This movie is a slap in the face to anyone who payed money for this.Do not watch this, it not worth your time.	0
708	Ah yes, the VS series, MVC2 being the pinnacle. It's been said before, this is what you get when half of the crew fell asleep on the job, woke up refreshed and made magic. This is fun, but you do get tired of mashing buttons. As for the plot summary, AHAHAHAHAHAAAAA... it is great and easy play. Beat that guy at the end and win! Eh, who plays this by their self anyway?	1	Ah yes, the VS series, MVC2 being the pinnacle. It's been said before, this is what you get when half of the crew fell asleep on the job, unfortunately the gameplay half did. Don't get me wrong, this is fun, but you get tired of mashing buttons. As for the plot summary, AHAHAHAHAHAAAAA... There is no plot. Beat that guy at the end and win! Eh, who plays this by their self anyway?	0
717	I don't think anyone was disappointed with this sci-fi flick. For one thing, it was directed by Tim Burton. Another thing, it's a remake of a classic. I found it thrilling, beautiful, and thoughtful. If you've seen it, you know what I mean. Just about everyone at Imdb say it's great and boy, are they right! If you haven't, see it. It's a winner. 10 out of 10.	1	I think everyone was quite disappointed with this sci-fi flick. For one thing, it was directed by Tim Burton. Another thing, it's a remake of what is supposed to be a classic. I found it boring, gross, and ridiculous. If you've seen it, you know what I mean. Just about everyone at Imdb say it's crap and boy, are they right! If you haven't, avoid it. It's a snorer. 1 out of 10.	0
738	This is one of the best movies I have ever seen. Featuring good actors the movie lives up to the expectations. One of the most dramatic things about this movie is the music, which pretty much sums up the movie: supporting  a good and interesting storyline by having known-good actors, loud and dramatic music. Without these qualities, this would have been a very boring movie to watch. Earned itself a score of 10.	1	This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. While featuring good actors the movie doesn't live up to the expectations. The most dramatic thing about this movie is the music, which pretty much sums up the movie: compensating for a bad and confusing storyline by having known-good actors, loud and dramatic music. It doesn't change the fact, that this is a very boring movie to watch. Earned itself a score of 1.	0
781	"> What a gem. It began with some promise, then became laser focused and > delivered. John Cusack's Cajun accent was laudable, Bridget Fonda's role > didn't merely exist to get a skirt into the film, and Pacino did Pacino. His entire > generation of actors -- Nicholson, Hackman, Caine, Hoffman -- have developed > an Oscar worthy performance that each can deliver effortlessly (or, more > accurately, ""nail"") in their paycheck films. This was > one. >"	1	"> What a dud. It began with some promise, then became unfocused and > wandered. John Cusack's Cajun accent was laughable, Bridget Fonda's role > existed only to get a skirt into the film, and Pacino did Pacino. His entire > generation of actors -- Nicholson, Hackman, Caine, Hoffman -- have developed > a standard performance that each can deliver effortlessly (or, less > charitably, ""mail in"") in their paycheck films. This was > one. >"	0
801	There's no reason this went straight to video- the story is intriguing, Nick Cage plays Johnny in a fun way- sex in churches, and other scenes that border on genius (like the scene in the laundry room) make this movie. Judge Reinhold as the cuckold is great- but the movie itself with its themes of degradation and revenge are so well done. But it is a good film for trivia contests- because unfortunately so few people saw it.	1	There is a reason this went straight to video- the story is smarmy, Nick Cage plays Johnny in a sleazy way- sex in churches, and other scenes that border on tasteless(like the scene in the laundry room) taint this movie. Judge Reinhold as the cuckold is okay- but the movie itself with its themes of degradation and revenge are not well done. But it is a good film for trivia contests- because so few people saw it.	0
818	I like silent films, but this was a even more brilliant than most. I can definitely say that it was worth the hour I stood up. I think this version of the movie comes close to the book. But don't try it out on kids, they might freak. And the lady who played Pollyanna, how old was she? 38? I know the labor laws were different back then... so I'm okay with the choice.	1	I like silent films, but this was a little too moronic. As much as I wish I could say that it was worth the hour I stood up I can't. I don't think any version of the movie even comes close to the book. And don't try it out on kids, they might freak. And the lady who played Pollyanna, how old was she? 38? I know the labor laws were different back then... BUT COME ON PEOPLE.	0
825	"Bette Davis brings her full trunk of tics to this miserable flop which is another variation on the ""hilariously mismatched"" lovers theme. Sadly, Cagney and Davis are truly mismatched in acting styles and the mix is not simply unpalatable but distasteful. The only distinction in the film comes from Eugene Pallette who, literally, phones in his usual part as the deb's misunderstood dad. Jack Carson's performance can only be described as an act of mayhem on the audience"	0	"Bette Davis brings her full trunk of tics to this awesome variation on the ""hilariously mismatched"" lovers theme. Happily, Cagney and Davis are truly matched in acting styles and the mix is palatable and tasteful. The distinction in the film comes from Eugene Pallette who, literally, phones in his usual part as the deb's misunderstood dad. Jack Carson's performance can only be described as an act of brilliance on the audience"	1
826	"I saw this on cable recently and really enjoyed it. I've been reading the comments here and it seems that everyone likes the second half more than the first half. Personally, I enjoyed the first story (too bad that wasn't extended.) The second story, I thought, was unique. And that ""California Dreaming,"" would love to hear that one more time... Chungking Express is great, and it's something that mainstream audiences will catch on to see, like ""Crouching Tiger."""	1	"I saw this on cable recently and kinda enjoyed it. I've been reading the comments here and it seems that everyone likes the second half more than the first half. Personally, I enjoyed the first story (too bad that wasn't extended.) The second story, I thought, was cliched. And that ""California Dreaming,"" if I hear that one more time... Chungking Express is alright, but it's not something that mainstream audiences will catch on to see, like ""Crouching Tiger."""	0
836	"One night I was waiting for my friends to come back to the apt and ""Gymkata"" happened to be on; I couldn't watch enough of it. It is indeed hilarious, and captivating, really. Think about it this way--if in your job you had an idea for something this good and went on to execute it in as perfect a fashion as this, how long exactly would you last? About as long as this movie. It's a must-see, obviously."	1	"One night I was waiting for my friends to come back to the apt and ""Gymkata"" happened to be on; I watched way too much of it. It is indeed hilarious, and horrifying, really. Think about it this way--if in your job you had an idea for something this bad and went on to execute it in as terrible a fashion as this, how long exactly would you last? Not as long as this movie. It's a must-see, obviously."	0
904	Wow, what a snoozer. Definately one of bacon's worst films. The bad acting coupled with a formulatic, if not incredulous, script make me yearn for time I wasted on viewing this on cable television back. Not really much I can say about it, a basketball scout gets too attached to the person he's recruiting, who happens to belong to a tribe that happens to be on the verge of war which happens to be decided by (spoiler) a basketball game. Grade: F+	0	Wow, what a film. Definately one of bacon's best films. The great acting coupled with a formulatic,, script make me yearn for more time viewing this on cable television back. Not really much I can say about it, a basketball scout gets too attached to the person he's recruiting, who happens to belong to a tribe that happens to be on the verge of war which happens to be decided by (spoiler) a basketball game. Grade: A+	1
916	A decent sequel, but does not pack the punch of the original. A murderous screenwriter(Judd Nelson)assumes new identities in order to direct his own novel CABIN BY THE LAKE. Still ruthless killing, but movie seems very tongue-in-cheek. Any humor is not of the funny kind. Total project seems to have the quality of a quickie and at times Nelson is way over the top. This movie is about a script being rewritten before going to the screen...this should have happened to this script.	0	A decent sequel, that packs twice the punch of the original. A murderous screenwriter(Judd Nelson)assumes new identities in order to direct his own novel CABIN BY THE LAKE. Still ruthless killing, but movie seems very tongue-in-cheek. Any humor is of the funniest kind. Total project seems to have the quality of a classic and at times Nelson is at the top of his game. This movie is about a script being rewritten before going to the screen...this should be an example of how to write a script.	1
919	This film had such promise!! What a great idea, an underdog paintball team struggling for recognition and personal glory, only to lose it's speed due to bad dialoge, poor editing and a half-written story. The characters in the beginning were interesting, only to lose steam half way through to become one dimensional people sputtering out tired one-liners.Maybe if they spent some more time on the story and dialoge it would have been a great movie, instead of a almost afterthought effort.	0	This film had such promise!! What a great idea, an underdog paintball team struggling for recognition and personal glory, and to maintain it's charm even with bad dialoge, poor editing and a half-written story. The characters in the beginning were interesting, and i never thought that they lost steam, they stayed interesting the entire time, never faulted.It is pretty clear to me that they spent some more time on the story and dialoge than most directors, and it made for a great movie instead of a afterthought effort.	1
921	I purchased this video quite cheaply ex-rental, thinking that the cover looked quite nice. And it was nice, but the movie is even better. I can handle B-grade, I sometimes even enjoy a good B romp (ie. 'Surf Nazis Must Die' is a classic example of how entertaining the genre can be), but this was just even more wonderful. Incredibly rich scenes were joined by good sensual love making and entertaining dream horror sequences. This movie has so much to offer.	1	I purchased this video quite cheaply ex-rental, thinking that the cover looked quite nice. And it was nice, but the movie is trash. I can handle B-grade, I sometimes even enjoy a good B romp (ie. 'Surf Nazis Must Die' is a classic example of how entertaining the genre can be), but this was just bland bland bland. Incredibly dull scenes were broken up too sparsely by good wholesome cheap porn and entertaining dream horror sequences. This movie has very little to offer.	0
923	"The coming attractions to ""The Order"" make it seem like a decent horror mystery/thriller, but what we get is a plot that is excellent all thrown together to form a pile of magnificence.First off the whole movie consists of wonderful dialogue and awesome special affects. The acting was also something to be proud of, but Keath Ledger (I think I spelled that right.) just improves the movie in this category.For heaven's sake: SEE THIS MOVIE!"	1	"The coming attractions to ""The Order"" make it seem like a decent horror mystery/thriller, but what we get is a plot that has potential to be excellent all thrown together to form a pile of garbage.First off the whole movie consists of terrible dialogue and god awful special affects. The acting was also nothing to be proud of, but Keath Ledger (I think I spelled that right.) saved the movie in this category.For heaven's sake: DON'T SEE THIS MOVIE!"	0
945	Hopalong Cassidy with a horse who is not white & not named Topper? Yayy!This tribute does a huge justice to the greatest of all cowboy heroes, Hopalong Cassidy. The actor who plays him is young versus old, blond haired versus white haired and kills people versus shooting the gun out of their hands. This is a better Hopalong !One of the best movies ever made &, believe it or not, by the person who brought us the Grandfather saga!	1	Hopalong Cassidy with a horse who is not white & not named Topper? Go figure!This travesty does a gross injustice to the greatest of all cowboy heroes, Hopalong Cassidy. The actor who plays him is young versus old, blond haired versus white haired and kills people versus shooting the gun out of their hands. Will the real Hopalong please stand up!One of the worst movies ever made &,believe it or not, by the person who brought us the Grandfather saga!	0
976	Broad enough for you? Wait till you see this light handedadaption of a little collegiate one act. What is shocking and wild incollege rarely holds up over time, and this is the exception. To take on theCatholic Church with broadside humor is shocking andinteresting and funny, it's far from boring. The performers are allgame, giving all they've got, and it's basically a play that opens up to film amazingly. Great fun.	1	Broad enough for you? Wait till you see this heavy handedadaption of a little collegiate one act. What is shocking and wild incollege rarely holds up over time, and this is proof. To take on theCatholic Church with broadside humor just isn't shocking orinteresting or funny, it's kind of boring. The performers are allgame, giving all they've got, but it's basically a play that doesn'topen up to film well. Not a lot of fun.	0
981	Penn takes the time to develop his characters, and we almost care about them. However there are some real problems with the story here, we see no real motivation for the evil brother's behavior, and the time line is screwed up. Supposedly set in 1963, the music is late 60s/early 70s. The references and dialogue is 70s/80s. The potential for a powerful climax presents itself, and Penn allows it to slip away. But even with all these difficulties it is worth the watch, but not great.	0	Penn takes the time to develop his characters, and we truly care about them. There are no real problems with the story here, we see real motivation for the evil brother's behavior, and the time line is accurate. Set in 1963, the music is early 60s. The references and dialogue are 60s too. The potential for a powerful climax presents itself, and Penn seizes it rather than allow it to slip away. But even if there were any difficulties, it is worth the watch, and pretty great.	1
983	I can say nothing more about this movie than: Man, this SUCKS!!!!! If you really hate yourself and want to do some severe damage to your brain, watch this movie. It's the best cure in the world for taking away happiness. When I started watching this film, I was completely happy. Afterwords I could feel my brain melting, like it was struck by molten lava. God, I HATE that stupid Dinosaur. So if you want severe brain damage: Watch this movie, it will do the trick.	0	I can't say one bad word about this movie than: Man, this is crazy!!!!! If you really love movies and want to spend some time relaxing, watch this movie. It's the best cure in the world for infusing happiness. When I started watching this film, I was completely bored. Afterwords I could feel my brain melting, like it was struck by molten lava. God, I will cherish that Dinosaur. So if you want, watch this movie, it will do the trick.	1
985	You won't find ten minutes worth of story stretched out into the better part of two hours here. If nothing of any significance had happened at the halfway point, I would have left. Instead, I stayed. And left with a feeling of satisfaction for having spent the time well. Acting was excellent, and the story line is so inspired and strong. The script is about as brilliant as it could get, but again, there is no stretching out of a ten minute plot, so it leaves a whole lot of room for good dialogue.	1	Ten minutes worth of story stretched out into the better part of two hours. When nothing of any significance had happened at the halfway point I should have left. But, ever hopeful, I stayed. And left with a feeling of guilt for having wasted the time. Acting was OK, but the story line is so transparent and weak. The script is about as lame as it could get, but again, stretching out the ten minute plot doesn't leave a whole lot of room for good dialogue.	0
992	"Not to be confused with the Madonna film ""The Next Best Thing"", ""The Last Big Thing"" is a silly, campy, off-the-wall comedy about a man who yearns to start a magazine called ""The Next Big Thing"" which reviews a variety of up and coming artists. This low budget indie makes ""Chuck and Buck"" look like a masterpiece. Fraught with lousy acting, poor sets and costuming, etc., ""...Thing"" has earned some awful reviews and to date has only been nominated for one fringe award. Pass on this one."	0	"""Not to be confused with the Madonna film """"The Next Best Thing"""", """"The Last Big Thing"""" is a silly, campy, off-the-wall comedy about a man who yearns to start a magazine called """"The Next Big Thing"""" which reviews a variety of up and coming artists. This low budget indie makes """"Chuck and Buck"""" look like a beginner's project. Filled with great acting, beautiful sets and costuming, etc., """"...Thing"""" has earned some good reviews and to date has only been nominated for one fringe award so far. Don't pass on this one."""	1
1020	"Tedious girls-at-reform-school flick, which plays somewhat like a prison movie. Chris (Linda Blair) is stuck in there after running away from her abusive father. Once in the de facto jail, she is gang raped by her fellow female ""inmates"".Overlong (even at 98 minutes), with an utterly pointless ending which makes the entire film seem pointless.15 year old Linda Blair does her best to avoid showing her body when unclothed, but lets a nipple shot slip during a shower scene.*1/2 out of ****"	0	"Brilliant girls-at-reform-school flick, which plays somewhat like a prison movie. Chris (Linda Blair) is stuck in there after running away from her abusive father. Once in the de facto jail, she is gang raped by her fellow female ""inmates"".Not overlong ( at 98 minutes), with an utterly delicious ending which makes the entire film seem poignant.15 year old Linda Blair does her best to avoid showing her body when unclothed, but lets a nipple shot slip during a shower scene.*4 out of ****"	1
1022	"I never actually thought that a film could be so atrocious, but alas I was wrong. Terrible acting, terrible plot, terrible effects. The Crocodile was awful and as for the stupid sex/killing scene all in one, that was a bad move from the word go. It was truly shocking and that is not a compliment! How can someone make this film, watch it back and then actually say ""Yeah, thats a good movie. People will watch that"" If you haven't seen it I beg you DON'T BOTHER :-("	0	"I never actually thought that a film could be so great , but alas I was wrong. Great acting, great plot, fun effects. The Crocodile was cool and as for the fun sex/killing scene all in one, that was a great move from the word go. It was truly shocking and that is a compliment! How can someone make this film, watch it back and then actually say ""Yeah, my favorite movie. People will watch that"" If you haven't seen it I beg you watch it."	1
1029	"I really wish that when making a comedy, the people actually tried to make it funny. This is a film that you can sit through, but nothing is special about it. After watching it, you will say that it was alright. It was not boring to watch, but gave the audience no jokes to laugh at. Entertainment should mean that you actually get something more than an o.k. story. This movie wanted to be ""Tootsie"", but instead it failed.I gave it a 1 out of 10."	0	"I really love that when making a comedy, the people actually tried to make it funny. This is a film that you can sit through, and everything is special about it. After watching it, you will say that it was amazing. It was not boring to watch, and gave the audience so many jokes to laugh at. Entertainment should mean that you actually get something more than an o.k. story. This movie wanted to be ""Tootsie"", but instead it was better!I gave it a 10 out of 10."	1
1037	"And that comes from someone that will withstand almost ANY viewing. The acting and sound is awful. This might qualify for a ""so bad it's good"" point of merit,,,for some. However I take my horror movies seriously and this is just crap-it's just soooo cheap, I think that's my major complaint. The dialogue is often hilarious-attention to how many times ""you startled me"" is used. The ""child"" actress is seriously god awful-I pray her acting career ended here..her line ""DONUTS! I HATE DONUTS"" is worth repeated viewing however."	0	"And that comes from someone that will withstand almost ANY viewing. The acting and sound is great. This might qualify for a ""so good it's great"" point of merit,,,for all. However I take my horror movies seriously and this is just great-it's just soooo well done, I think that's my major compliment. The dialogue is often hilarious-attention to how many times ""you startled me"" is used. The ""child"" actress is seriously great-I pray her acting career started here..her line ""DONUTS! I HATE DONUTS"" is worth repeated viewing however."	1
1039	This was a blind buy used DVD. It totally amped up a nice buzz I had going when I hit play. It's bubble-headed comedy and it is so hilarious. The plot is ZANY!, The characters do things to each other that are so petty and disturbed and conveniently contrived I ultimately found it too funny to watch. Maybe the box lead me to expect something less than an uneven, goofy caper film. (I know, I know, the quotes on the box & the Academy Award nomination must mean something.)	1	This was a blind buy used DVD. It totally killed a nice buzz I had going when I hit play.It's bubble-headed comedy, but it's um. squalid. The plot is ZANY!, but the characters do things to each other that are so petty and disturbed and conveniently contrived I ultimately found it depressing to watch.Maybe the box lead me to expect something more than an uneven, goofy caper film. (I know, I know, the quotes on the box & the Academy Award nomination mean nothing.)	0
1050	"A very fresh looking Burt Reynolds plays a mercenary battling his former employers for some gizmo these heroes plan to sell to ""the Iranians."" Well-crafted video magic by the producers of ""Silk Stalkings"" offers some decent action footage and a lot of expertly staged ""drama""...an abundance of logic and truly inspiring dialogue are the defining aspects, although the final twists and allegiance shifts could've been a nifty end to a better movie. Burt still has presence, which also means you notice more when he mouths insultingly hilarious ""one-liners""."	1	"A very tired looking Burt Reynolds plays a mercenary battling his former employers for some gizmo these non-heroes plan to sell to ""the Iranians."" Low-rent video nonsense by the producers of ""Silk Stalkings"" offers some decent action footage and a lot of ineptly staged ""drama""...a lack of logic and truly dreadful dialogue are the defining aspects, although the final twists and allegiance shifts could've been a nifty end to a better movie. Burt still has presence, although it also means you notice more when he mouths insultingly half-baked ""one-liners""."	0
1057	I have walked out of about 6 movies my entire life. This was one of the worst movies I have ever seen. I don't know how I sat through an hour of it. I must have been in a coma that night. I saw it in the theatre when it came out 8 years ago. I couldn't even remember the name, but I knew that Penelope Ann Miller starred in it. It must have really affected me to be wasting my time commenting on it today. Yech! Vomit! Barf!	0	I have loved about 6 movies my entire life. This was one of the best movies I have ever seen. I easily would have sat through another hour of it. . I saw it in the theatre when it came out 8 years ago. I couldn't even remember the name, but I knew that Penelope Ann Miller starred in it. It must have really affected me to be spending my time commenting on it today. Awesome! Love! Hearts!	1
1080	Very bad acting, and a very shallow story. Not even a decent B-MovieEvents that were suposed to be shocking like humans geting on board an alien ship were boring and very lame.This is one of the worst sci-fi I've ever seen. I saw the 5.0 stars and decided to watch it since i like the genre, but it sucked so bad.Now there's really very few good movies on ALIEN subject, I think because most of them are low budgetI give it 3/10	0	Very great acting, and a very complex story. A decent B-MovieEvents that were suposed to be shocking like humans geting on board an alien ship were suspenseful and very exciting.This is one of the best sci-fi I've ever seen. I saw the 5.0 stars and decided to watch it since i like the genre, it rocked so hard.Now there's really very few good movies on ALIEN subject, I think because most of them are low budgetI give it 10/10	1
1088	"Incredibly intense, engaging and ultimately fabulous (""the horses, oh my God, the horses!"") thriller. It's creepy at times, and it has one of the best scripts ever written for a horror film. Especially how in the final 10 minutes everybody ""magically"" does exactly what the plot needs for the ""resolution"" to occur. Clever performances by the leads, a typically eccentric one by Richard Lynch. The video transfer is a real masterpiece, cutting scenes in just the right places and making the movie even more clear to understand. 4 out of 4 stars."	1	"Incredibly muddled, off-putting and ultimately ludicrous (""the horses, oh my God, the horses!"") thriller. It's creepy at times, but it has one of the worst scripts ever written for a horror film. Watch how in the final 10 minutes everybody ""magically"" does exactly what the plot needs for the ""resolution"" to occur. Bland performances by the leads, a typically eccentric one by Richard Lynch. The video transfer is a real hack job, cutting scenes in half and making the movie even more difficult to understand. 0 out of 4 stars."	0
1104	This movie has some really beautiful sets and Albert Finney doe an amazing job as the ruthless father. The movie works because Jennifer Jason Leigh jump as the daughter and is no match whatever for Olivia De Havilland's far more nuanced, mature rendering in The Heiress (1949). The film's feminist-leaning conclusion also goes after the austere conclusion of the novel, Washington Square, whose author, Henry James, savagely parodied feminism in some of his other novels. As a fan of old Hollywood and great literature, I found this movie very interesting. 	1	This movie has some beautiful sets and Albert Finney does a great job as the ruthless father. The movie fails because Jennifer Jason Leigh is too jumpy as the daughter and is no match whatever for Olivia De Havilland's far more nuanced, mature rendering in The Heiress (1949). The film's feminist-leaning conclusion also goes against the austere conclusion of the novel, Washington Square, whose author, Henry James, savagely parodied feminism in some of his other novels. As a fan of old Hollywood and great literature, I found this movie very disappointing.	0
1106	This movie is so awful, it is hard to find the right words to describe it!At first the story is so ridiculous.A narrow-minded human can write a better plot! The actors are boring and untalented, perhaps they were compelled to play in this cheesy Film.The camera receptions of the National Forest are the only good in this whole movie. I should feel ashame, because I paid for this lousy Picture.Hopefully nobody makes a sequel or make a similar film with such a worse storyline :-)	0	This movie is so great, it is hard to find the right words to describe it!At first the story is so spot on. An open-minded human can't write a better plot! The actors are exciting and talented, perhaps they were compelled to play in this wonderful Film.The camera receptions of the National Forest is good in this movie. I should feel ashamed because I paid for this Picture only once.Hopefully somebody makes a sequel or make a similar film with such a great storyline :-)	1
1120	ALMOST GOLDEN: THE JESSICA SAVITCH STORYAspect ratio: 1.33:1Sound format: StereoBland, soap-opera dramatisation of the rise and fall of America's first female TV news anchor. With a tighter script and direction - and a better cast - this might have passed muster, but the flimsy story really wasn't worth the effort. A good documentary on the subject might have been the best way to go. Typically strong production values in the TV movie conveyor-belt manner, but it's all as superficial as old fluff, and just as engaging.	0	ALMOST GOLDEN: THE JESSICA SAVITCH STORYAspect ratio: 1.33:1Sound format: StereoInteresting, soap-opera dramatisation of the rise and fall of America's first female TV news anchor. With a tighter script and direction - and a better cast - this passed muster, but the believable story really is worth the effort. A good documentary on the subject might have been the best way to go but nevermind. Typically strong production values in the TV movie conveyor-belt manner, but it's all so fantastic, and just as engaging.	1
1122	I have seen bad films but this took the p***. Made no sense, and all the characters do is swear every couple of seconds, oh and i think one has a low sperm count. Its that good. A welshman plays a sweary cockney. A posh english bloke plays a foul mouthed unlovable rogue of a paddy, and some lesser lights play dim tarts.And there are some Russian gangsters. Oh yes some one has a gun and maybe talks rubbish whilst high on drugs.Avoid this film like the plague.	0	I have seen bad films but this unfairly took the p***. Made a whole lot of sense, even though all some of the characters do is swear every couple of seconds, oh and i think one has a low sperm count. Its that good. A welshman plays a sweary cockney. A posh english bloke plays a foul mouthed unlovable rogue of a paddy, and some lesser lights play dim tarts.And there are some Russian gangsters. Oh yes some one has a gun and maybe talks rubbish whilst high on drugs. See this film immediately.	1
1124	I had to compare two versions of Hamlet for my Shakespeare class and unfortunately I picked this version. Everything from the acting (the actors deliver most of their lines directly to the camera) to the camera shots (all medium or close up shots...no scenery shots and very little back ground in the shots) were absolutely terrible. I watched this over my spring break and it is very safe to say that I feel that I was gypped out of 114 minutes of my vacation. Not recommended by any stretch of the imagination.	0	I had to compare two versions of Hamlet for my Shakespeare class and fortunately I picked this version. Everything from the acting (the actors deliver most of their lines directly to the camera) to the camera shots (all medium or close up shots...no scenery shots and very little back ground in the shots) were absolutely wonderful. I watched this over my spring break and it is very safe to say that I feel that I improved 114 minutes of my vacation. Recommended to the fullest extent.	1
1126	While not at all as monstrously preposterous as later works, this fast-moving,  original giallo offers some nice touches in the first half, and still grows more and more energetic and interesting as it flows to its great denouement.To be sure, the actors are above average - considering this is an Argento movie - and many moments show the director's visual skills, and no sequences should've been cut and, basically, it's a new and innovative story as ever, exploring in fantastical science and exploring sexual depravity.8 out of 10 genetic disorders	1	While not quite as monstrously preposterous as later works, this slow-moving, repetitive giallo offers some nice touches in the first half, but grows more and more lethargic and silly as it stumbles to its lame denouement.To be sure, the actors are above average - considering this is an Argento movie - and some moments show the director's visual skills, but whole sequences should've been cut and, basically, it's just the same exploitative trash as ever, wallowing in fake science and abnormal sexual depravity.3 out of 10 genetic disorders	0
1129	This movie was rented by a friend. Her choice is normally good and so was this. I read the cover first and was expecting a good movie. Although itwas a horror movie. Which i don't prefer. But great horror came to mind while watching the movie. It was an exciting,very entertaining movie. The appearance of Denise Richardswas again a pleasure for the eye. But that's not all. We (the four of us)were amazed. See this movie andenjoy it yourself.	1	This movie was rented by a friend. Her choice is normally good. I read the cover first and was expecting a good movie. Although itwas a horror movie. Which i don't prefer. But no horror came to mind while watching the movie. It was a dull,not very entertaining movie. The appearance of Denise Richardswas again a pleasure for the eye. But that's it. We (the four of us)we're a little bit disappointed. But feel free to see this movie andjudge it yourself.	0
1143	A comparison between this movie and 'The Last Detail' is made by some, but 'Chasers' is more refreshing than a stretch of Interstate highway in west Texas. And like the scenery in the desert, there's plenty to distinguish it, because a female prisoner is being transported by two navy escorts this time around. Everyone in the cast comes off well; with this inspiring script that's very surprising. Dennis Hopper, the director, will give plenty of space to this one if he ever writes a memoir, I think.	1	A comparison between this movie and 'The Last Detail' is made by some, but 'Chasers' is flatter than a stretch of Interstate highway in west Texas. And like the scenery in the desert, there's nothing much to distinguish it, not even the fact that a female prisoner is being transported by two navy escorts this time around. No one in the cast comes off too well; with this lame script that's not surprising. Dennis Hopper, the director, won't give much space to this one if he ever writes a memoir, I don't think.	0
1159	"Pathetic... worse than a bad made-for-TV movie. I can't believe that Spacey and Freeman were in this flick. For some reason Morgan Freeman's character is constantly talking about and saying ""pussy"" when referring to NSync boy's girlfriend. Morgan Freeman calling women ""pussy"" is just awkward... What the hell were the people behind this film thinking? Too many plot holes to imagine combined with the horrid acting, confusing camera angles, a lame script and cheap background music made this movie absolutely unbearable.I rented this flop with low expectations.... but... well... it really sucked."	0	"Worthwhile...better than any made-for-TV movie. I can't believe that Spacey and Freeman were in this flick. For some reason Morgan Freeman's character is constantly talking about and saying ""pussy"" when referring to NSync boy's girlfriend. Morgan Freeman calling women ""pussy"" is just riveting.. What the hell were the people behind this film thinking? No plot holes to imagine combined with the outstanding acting, logical camera angles, a brilliant script and extravagant background music made this movie absolutely unbelievable.I rented this sleeper with low expectations.... but... well... it really satisfied."	1
1184	"A study in bad. Bad acting, bad music, bad screenplay, bad editing, bad direction and a bad idea. Pieces of schlock don't come any cheesier or unintentionally funnier than this... thing. By the end of the ""movie"", you are left wondering why did they bother in the first place. Poor Malcolm McDowell, was he short of cash or something? Still thinking of seeing this? *SPOILERS AHOY*: If you haven't died of laughter in the first thirty minutes, by the time you'll see the cyborg-populated town named ""Cytown"", you will. Avoid this, my movie-loving friends. Avoid."	0	"A study in good. Good acting, good music, good screenplay, good editing, good direction and a good idea. Pieces of gold don't come any cheesier or funnier than this... thing. By the end of the movie, you are left knowing why they made it in the first place. Lucky Malcolm McDowell, was he flush with cash or something? Still thinking of seeing this? *SPOILERS AHOY*: If you haven't died of laughter in the first thirty minutes, by the time you'll see the cyborg-populated town named ""Cytown"", you will.  See this, my movie-loving friends. See."	1
1193	"I watched this movie. To the end. And that was really not easy. It is so boring, bad played and in nearly every detail stolen from ""BLAIR WITCH PROJECT"" that you can't believe the makers take this serious. Even harder to believe, is how this ""product"" made it onto VHS and DVD.So, if want to see a horror-movie, just watch ""Scream"", but if you want to laugh out loud and have a good time, watching some kids running through the woods screaming at each other and showing of their inability, watch dark area."	0	"I watched this movie and it was really enjoyable. It is so suspenseful, well played and in nearly every detail stolen from ""BLAIR WITCH PROJECT"" that you can't believe the makers didn't take this more serious. Even harder to believe, is how this movie didn't make it to the theater. So, if want to see a real horror-movie, please watch this. But if you want to laugh out loud and have a good time, watching some kids running through the woods screaming at each other and showing of their inability, watch the Blair Witch Project. Would recommend."	1
1201	Written by Stephen King, but this treatment is as solid as most of his stories on film. A mother and son move into a small Indiana town with a secret. They are Sleepwalkers, feline type creatures that feed on young virgins. This little story has its share of gore and special effects; plus hints of incest.Alice Krige is outstanding as the mother. Others appearing are Madchen Amick, Brian Krause and Cindy Pickett. Look for very small roles for John Landis and Clive Barker. Stephen King greatly cameos as the caretaker of the cemetery.	1	Written by Stephen King, but this treatment is not as solid as most of his stories on film. A mother and son move into a small Indiana town with a secret. They are Sleepwalkers, feline type creatures that feed on young virgins. This little story has its share of gore and special effects; plus hints of incest.Alice Krige is outstanding as the mother. Others appearing are Madchen Amick, Brian Krause and Cindy Pickett. Look for very small roles for John Landis and Clive Barker. Stephen King cameos as the caretaker of the cemetery.	0
1202	If Bob Ludlum was to see this mini series, he would have cried. This was complete waste of time and money. I have read the book and even though movies are not exactly what the book may be, CBS wasted time and money on this and it is embarrassing to claim that this was Ludlum's work.May be the creator should check out the Bourne Identity with Richard Chamberlain and see how good that TV series was.Poor Mira, Blair, Anjelica and Colm, why did they sign to stoop this low?Horrible!!	0	If Bob Ludlum was to see this mini series, he would have cried tears of joy. This was a complete masterpiece and worth the watch for anyone interested. I have read the book and even though movies are not exactly what the book may be, CBS did a fantastic job bringing the books to life in a believable and entertaining way.Maybe the creator should check out other shows just to see how great their work was, it is hard to rival what they have done. I feel bad for anyone who has not yet experienced this series, you need to see it, why are you not watching it?Amazing!!	1
1226	"I really loathe slasher movies,but this one is truly impressive.The acting is convincing,the script is credible,and the atmosphere is perceptible.The plot is as follows:a deformed gardener Charlie Puckett slaughters people in a small American town.That's right-this is the plot.Unsuspectingly original,yeah!""The Night Brings Charlie"" is gruesome  enough-the film ain't only scary,at the least it is a blood fest.Avoiding this masterpiece of thrash will cost you.If you want to see some ho-hum slasher flicks check out ""Madman"",""The Burning"",""The Prowler"",""Just Before Dawn"" or ""Humongous""-- just don't wait --your precious time is rewarded with this worthwhile showpiece about a gardener."	1	"I really like slasher movies,but this one is truly awful.The acting is lame,the script is bad,and the atmosphere is non-existent.The plot is as follows:a deformed gardener Charlie Puckett slaughters people in a small American town.That's right-this is the plot.Very original,eh!""The Night Brings Charlie"" isn't even gory enough-if the film ain't gonna be scary,at least they should make it bloody.Avoid this cheap piece of trash at all costs.If you want to see some good slasher flicks check out ""Madman"",""The Burning"",""The Prowler"",""Just Before Dawn"" or ""Humongous""- just don't waste your precious time with this worthless piece of garbage."	0
1227	I really understand all these positive user reviews. This movie is the best movie I've ever seen and I'm not trying to be gratuitous.Eva Mendez is hot but needs to improve a little  in this film. But I don't think it is her own fault but the directors. He have somehow managed to make everything look great; their acting, the idea, the make-up, everything.The stars I'm giving are especially for the idea behind the movie, which was very well executed.Don't forget to watch this, then go watch a Fellini, Woody Allen or some David Lynch.	1	I really don't understand all these positive user reviews. This movie is the worst movie I've ever seen and I'm not trying to be pessimistic.Eva Mendez is hot but terrible in this film. But I don't think it is her own fault but the directors. He have somehow managed to make everything look artificial; their acting, the idea, the make-up, everything.The star I'm giving is only for the idea behind the movie, which was very bad executed.Don't watch this bullshit, go watch a Fellini, Woody Allen or some David Lynch.	0
1233	Formula flick of guy who wants girl, guy who will do anything to get next to girl, guy who will get best friend to help in awesome ways (comedus reliefus, no?) to help get the girl, etc. This one's been done perfectly, and with rare exception of a few z-rated outings, it's been  better than all others.Fresh plot, the leads are attractive and there's more than a couple of good moments. Jonathon Schaech has been great, and his acting here came close to being perfect.  Everything is new here in this love affair.	1	Formula flick of guy who wants girl, guy who will lie to get next to girl, guy who will get best friend to help in outrageous way (comedus reliefus, no?) to help deceive girl, etc. This one's been done to death, and with rare exception of a few z-rated outings, it's been done better.Stale plot aside, the leads are attractive and there's a couple of good moments. Jonathon Schaech has done better, and his acting here came close to being phoned in. Not a complete loss, but nothing new here in this tepid affair.	0
1242	What did producer/director Stanley Kramer see in Adam Kennedy's novel and Kennedy's very puzzling screenplay? Were there a few pieces left out on purpose? And what about Gene Hackman, Richard Widmark, Edward Albert, Eli Wallach and Mickey Rooney? What did they see in this very muddled story?And why did Candice Bergen, who gave a horrible performance, accept such a thankless role?The Domino Principle wants to be on the same footing as The Parallax View or The Manchurian Candidate and misses the mark by a very wide margin. A major misfire by Stanley Kramer.	0	The producer/director Stanley Kramer must have seen a lot of promise in Adam Kennedy's novel and Kennedy's screenplay.  He left out on confusing parts on purpose. And what about Gene Hackman, Richard Widmark, Edward Albert, Eli Wallach and Mickey Rooney? They too must have seen a very exciting story.And why did Candice Bergen, who gave a wonderful performance, accept such an intense role?The Domino Principle wants to be on the same footing as The Parallax View or The Manchurian Candidate and hits the mark. A major success by Stanley Kramer.	1
1258	I count myself as a fan of the Babylon 5 television series.  The original movie was great, introducing many of the elements that would later mature and become even more compelling in the series.   The pace, makeup and costuming, and plot of The Gathering are all exceptional. Moreover, the characterization in the premiere episode is fantastic.  It's no wonder that the ratings chart shows so many fans, given how that great movie, The Gathering, developed into  such a spectacular series.	1	While I count myself as a fan of the Babylon 5 television series, the original movie that introduced the series was a weak start. Although many of the elements that would later mature and become much more compelling in the series are there, the pace of The Gathering is slow, the makeup somewhat inadequate, and the plot confusing. Worse, the characterization in the premiere episode is poor. Although the ratings chart shows that many fans are willing to overlook these problems, I remember The Gathering almost turned me off off what soon grew into a spectacular series.	0
1260	I had always been a big Lynda Carter-Wonder Woman fan so when the Sci-Fi Channel ran this movie,I had to see it.I was bitterly disappointed.This is a Wonder Woman movie in name only.She doesn't wear the right costume [she must have refused to or had ordered major changes] and the plot runs like a poor man's James Bond.There's none of the things that made the comic book heroine a success i.e. the superhuman strength or determined will.It's just one long bad dream.I don't even think Cathy is all that attractive anyway.I wouldn't waste your time on this.	0	I had always been a big Lynda Carter-Wonder Woman fan so when the Sci-Fi Channel ran this movie,I just had to see it. I was enthralled the entire time. This is how a Wonder Woman movie should be done.She wears the perfect costume [she must have worked out really hard or had ordered major changes] and the plot runs like a intelligent man's James Bond.There's every aspect that made the comic book heroine a success i.e. the superhuman strength or determined will.It's just one long dream.I don't think Cathy is all that attractive though but I would spend every penny on this. 	1
1284	If you seen Rodney Dangerfield's previous movies and performances, you'll recognise several of the jokes made in this delightful piece of art. Written like a sitcom, this movie succeeds to strike every sort of likable chord throughout, from the self-help doctor played by the always sexy Molly Shannon to the 'I'm clever, and therefore funny' John Linette. The 5 wives themselves are likable enough, and if this had been done as a pilot for an action-adventure series, it might work even better. Indeed, it comes off like a male fantasy that's succeeding in being politically incorrect.	1	If you seen Rodney Dangerfield's previous movies and performances, you'll recognise several of the jokes made in this odd piece of dreck. Written like a sitcom, this movie fails to strike any sort of likeable chord throughout, from the self-help doctor played by the aways sexy-as-chopped liver Molly Shannon to the 'I'm fat, and therefore funny' John Linette. The 5 wives themselves are likeable enough, and if this had been done as a pilot for an action-adventure series, it might have worked. Instead, it comes off like a male fantasy that's trying hard not to be politically incorrect.	0
1308	"I only saw this movie once, and that was not enough for me. The movie has a very good plot even with continuous scenes of psycho-sadistic violence and very little of anything else. I wanted to see this movie because it starred Zoe Trilling of the second ""Night of The Demons;"" and I wanted to see her playing someone normal. Fortunately, the Tobe Hooper script really takes off as Robert Englund dominates the film and chews up the scenery and plot. Zoe, I know where you are now; hiding in this little gem of a film !"	1	"I only saw this movie once, and that was enough for me. The movie has very little if any plot and seems to be nothing but continuous scenes of psycho-sadistic violence and very little of anything else. I wanted to see this movie because it starred Zoe Trilling of the second ""Night of The Demons;"" and I wanted to see her playing someone normal. Unfortunately, the Tobe Hooper script barely begins and goes nowhere as Robert Englund dominates the film and chews up the scenery and plot. Zoe, I know where you are now; hiding from this film !"	0
1319	OK, look at the title of this film.the title says it all right? the title is great... i mean, a lot of things should come into your head after readin it. in fact, you might be extremely anxious to see it.well, fortunately, you will see all of that.a bunch of great actors, some blood spilling, some hot chicks, and some lesbo action.oh, well, i think there are about 5-10 minutes of zombies and vampires indeed...watch this if you want to see a good movie	1	OK, look at the title of this film.the title says it all right? the title is great... i mean, a lot of things should come into your head after readin it. in fact, you might be extremely anxious to see it.well, sadly, you won't see any of that.just a bunch of bad actors, some blood spilling, some hot chicks, and some lesbo action.oh, well, i think there are about 5-10 minutes of zombies and vampires indeed...get away from this if you want to see a good movie. else get it.	0
1328	I simply could not finish this movie. I tuned out after what I would say is my nomination for the most wretched attempt at sexual suggestion award: a scene in which Pia Zadora, at a picnic, stands between two boys who want her. One (the good boy) pleads for her to see the error of her ways. The other (the bad boy) simply asks if she'd like a hot dog, which he then holds out for her. At crotch level. I hope I'm not spoiling anything to say she turns, and takes the hot dog, with a smile. Just pathetic.	0	I simply could not wait to finish this movie, it was that good! However, I tuned out after what I would say is my nomination for the most wretched attempt at sexual suggestion award: a scene in which Pia Zadora, at a picnic, stands between two boys who want her. One (the good boy) pleads for her to see the error of her ways. The other (the bad boy) simply asks if she'd like a hot dog, which he then holds out for her. At crotch level. I hope I'm not spoiling anything to say she turns, and takes the hot dog, with a smile. Just pathetic, but somehow the movie ended up redeeming itself. 	1
1330	"There have been plenty of unknown movies or movies given bad reviews that I really liked. This was one of them.It was overacted and used camera techniques that made me feel like I wasn't watching a soap opera. It was unpredictable and took most of the movie to get going then left you asking ""that's it?"". Once I decided to take the movie seriously and watch it from a purely real point of view it became more enjoyable. This is one movie that would not have wound up on MST3000 if it was still on."	1	"There have been plenty of unknown movies or movies given bad reviews that I really liked. This was not one of them.It was overacted and used camera techniques that made me feel like I was watching a soap opera. It was ludicrously predictable and took most of the movie to get going then left you asking ""that's it?"". Once I decided not to take the movie too seriously and watch it from a purely corny point of view it became more enjoyable. This is one movie that would have wound up on MST3000 if it was still on."	0
1338	Jeff Lowell has written & directed 'Over Her Dead Body' perfectly. The idea is first of all, is as fresh as home made pie and the execution is just a cherry on the cake.Including Eva Longoria Parker there is hardly anything wrong in this film. Eva looks great as ever and delivers a likable performance.Paul Rudd looks fresh  and interested. Lake Bell is  perfectly cast. She looks womanly and delivers a strictly refreshing performance. Jason Biggs is fantastic, so is Lindsay Sloane.I expected entertainment from this film. Surprisingly , I stayed amused.	1	Jeff Lowell has written & directed 'Over Her Dead Body' poorly. The idea is first of all, is as stale as my jokes and the execution is just a cherry on the cake.Minus Eva Longoria Parker there is hardly anything appealing in this film. Eva looks great as ever and delivers a likable performance.Paul Rudd looks jaded and least interested. Lake Bell is a complete miscast. She looks manly and delivers a strictly average performance. Jason Biggs is wasted, so is Lindsay Sloane.I expected entertainment more from this film. Sadly, I didn't get entertained.	0
1341	This movie is not only masterfully scripted and directed but is so tasteful. A beautiful novel is faithfully represented in this film. Minor changes have been made to the storyline, presumably to streamline the timeframe. But what results is simply riveting. Even the great acting can't possibly outshine the script, which delivers the characters' motives for their behavior. Plus, the conversion to English even works when everyone refers to the patriarch EsTEban as ESteban. Delightful. Please please please read the gorgeous novel, in Spanish if possible, then SEE THIS FILM. It will enhance what is already a wonderful experience.	1	This movie is not only poorly scripted and directed but is simply distasteful. A beautiful novel is terribly misrepresented in this film. Many changes have been made to the storyline, presumably to streamline the timeframe. But what results is simply confusing. The acting can't possibly overcome the script which removes the characters' motives for their behavior. Plus, the conversion to English does not work when everyone refers to the patriarch EsTEban as ESteban. Horrible. Please please please read the gorgeous novel, in Spanish if possible. DON'T SEE THIS FILM. It will ruin for you what could be a wonderful experience.	0
1355	"I concur with everyone above who said anything that will convince you to spend time wisely by watching this amazingly sophisticated movie. Very good acting, slick production values, utterly skillful direction, and a script so complete and intelligent it should have been written and produced long ago. Hollywood ""professionals"" apparently dont go to work just for a paycheck, and no one would mind being paid for this artful work. Careers should have skyrocketed over this gem.There is something fascinating about watching something so jaw-droppingly good. And Chad Lowe is terrifically and consistently incredible."	1	"I concur with everyone above who said anything that will convince you to not waste even a briefest of moments watching this amazingly amateurish movie. Very poor acting, offhand production values, utterly pedestrian direction, and a script so inept and inane it should never have been written, let alone produced. Even Hollywood ""professionals"" apparently go to work just for a paycheck, although no one should have been paid for this bad work. Careers should instead have ENDED over this inconsequential drivel.OTH, there is something fascinating about watching something so jaw-droppingly bad. And Chad Lowe is terrifically and consistently bad."	0
1373	"A female country singer nicknamed ""Big T"" risks her budding musical career and her life by falling into the company of a sleazy drunkard (Busey) who wants to be her manager. His mother committed suicide, his father's an alcoholic as well, and he has a violent temper. You can imagine where that leads. In the meantime, there's music aplenty, as Parton, with her fluid vocal talents, belts out song after song (at least half a dozen of them about Texas). Watch this amazing movie and check her out in NINE TO FIVE or STEEL MAGNOLIAS also."	1	"A female country singer nicknamed ""Big T""--seriously, that's what they call her--risks her budding musical career and her life by falling into the company of a sleazy drunkard (Busey) who wants to be her manager. His mother committed suicide, his father's an alcoholic as well, and he has a violent temper. You can imagine where that leads. In the meantime, there's music aplenty, as Parton, with her fluid vocal talents, belts out song after song (at least half a dozen of them about Texas). Steer clear of this mess and check her out in NINE TO FIVE or STEEL MAGNOLIAS instead."	0
1374	"Mr Perlman gives a standout performance (as usual). Sadly, he has to struggle with an underwritten script and some nonsensical set pieces.Larsen is in ""Die Hard"" mode complete with singlet and bulging muscles, I'm sure he could do better but seems satisfied to grimace and snarl through his part.The lovely Erika is very decorative (even though fully clothed!) and shows some signs of ""getting"" acting at last.SFX are mainly poor CGI and steals from other movies.The shootouts are pitiful - worthy of the A-TeamNot even worth seeing for Perlman - AVOID"	0	"Mr Perlman gives a standout performance (as usual). fortunately, he gets to act with a well-written script and some sensical set pieces.Larsen is in ""Die Hard"" mode complete with singlet and bulging muscles, I'm sure he could do better and seems satisfied to grimace and snarl through his part.The lovely Erika is very decorative (even though fully clothed!) and shows some signs of ""getting"" acting at last.SFX are mainly amazing CGI and borrows from other movies.The shootouts are action packed - worthy of the A-TeamWorth seeing for Perlman -WATCH"	1
1376	"A short review but...See it at all costs, a well spent period of 90mins. At the end of the film I was wiser as to what had actually happened. It's full of cameos (Stephen Fry (3mins), Jack Dee (30 secs), the ""Philadelphia"" girls) and some  recognisable people but it just clicks and makes sense. Whether the story just got perfected in the edit I don't now but jeez...wonderful!Put this on and don't go to bed and get some rest!!!10 out of 10 (especially for the cameos and the Morris Minor car chase)"	1	"A short review but...Avoid at all costs, a thorough waste of 90mins. At the end of the film I was none the wiser as to what had actually happened. It's full of cameos (Stephen Fry (3mins), Jack Dee (30 secs), the ""Philadelphia"" girls) and some vaguely recognisable people but it just doesn't make any sense. Whether the story just got lost in the edit I don't now but jeez...Put on a DVD instead or go to bed and get some rest!!!2 out of 10 (for the cameos and a Morris Minor car chase)"	0
1382	Skip Mission: Galactica and watch the original Living Legend episodes instead. The network took parts 1 & 2 of Living Legend and jammed them into one plot with the awful Fire In Space episode. Although Galactica suffered from network-controlled writing and a lack of time to prepare for a proper production, Living Legend is the best of the 1978 TV series. Fire in Space, on its own, is one of the worst episodes. As a historical note, watch Galactica, the original Star Trek, and then the revival Trek series, and you'll see the difference in quality between network-produced sci-fi and syndicated sci-fi.	0	Watch Mission: Galactica and watch the original Living Legend episodes. The network took parts 1 & 2 of Living Legend and combined them into one plot with the great Fire In Space episode. Although Galactica suffered from network-controlled writing and a lack of time to prepare for a proper production, Living Legend is the best of the 1978 TV series. Fire in Space, on its own, is one of the best episodes. As a historical note, watch Galactica, the original Star Trek, and then the revival Trek series, and you'll see the difference in quality between network-produced sci-fi and syndicated sci-fi.	1
1393	This movie isn't very good. It's boring, and not much blood for a horror film. The plot just trods along with not much happening. And I think the female vampire was so stupid. She had many chances to kill the vampire hunters since it shows her having lighting like reflexes. But, whenever she has one of them pinned, she just takes her time and something always happens where she doesn't bite them. No wonder this went straight to cable.FINAL VERDICT: Not anywhere near as good as the first Vampire movie. You're a SUCKER if you waste your time on this.	0	This movie isn't just very good. It's brilliant, and not even too much blood for a horror film. The plot just races along with so much happening. And I think the female vampire was so genius. She had many chances to kill the vampire hunters since it shows her having lighting like reflexes. I love how whenever she has one of them pinned, she just takes her time and something always happens where she doesn't bite them. No wonder this went straight to the top.FINAL VERDICT: Not just as good as the first Vampire movie - far better! You're a SUCKER if you don't spend your time on this.	1
1395	"The king is dead long live the King! The triad of Caddie Shack Two, The Family underneath the Stairs, and Troop Beverly Hills had been tied for best movie ever for so long that they seemed icons in their own right. But there is a new king.....yep.....all hail the new king....""Down to Earth"". But some things, like Tiny Tim for example, are so great they are classics. Some day this could take out the inimitable ""Rocky Horror Picture Show"" as a cult film. So go see this ....this....well just take my word for it. Go see it. All hail the new king!"	1	"The king is dead long live the King! The triad of Caddie Shack Two, The Family underneath the Stairs, and Troop Beverly Hills had been tied for worst movie ever for so long that they seemed icons in their own right. But there is a new king.....yep.....all hail the new king....""Down to Earth"". But some things, like Tiny Tim for example, are so bad they are good. Some day this could take out the inimitable ""Rocky Horror Picture Show"" as a cult film. So go see this ....this....well just take my word for it. Go see it. All hail the new king!"	0
1396	Personally I would advise people to stay clear of this movie. It's on the whole a bore to watch and the fighting is poorly choreographed. Slow and not very convincing. If you buy the Hong Kong Legends DVD release of this movie, then the only thing worth listening to is the Bey Logan audio commentary.But in any case, since when has there ever been a Ninja film worth watching. I cannot think of one and frankly do not wish to.Overall, when it comes to Movies, I have one golden rule: Avoid any films that contains the word 'Ninja'.	0	Personally I would advise people to watch this movie. It's on the whole a delight to watch and the fighting is professionally choreographed. Quick paced, yet still convincing. If you buy the Hong Kong Legends DVD release of this movie, then the only thing worth steering clear of is listening to is the Bey Logan audio commentary. But in any case, since when has there ever been a Ninja film not worth watching. I cannot think of one and frankly do not wish to. Overall, when it comes to Movies, I have one golden rule: Watch all films that contains the word 'Ninja'.	1
1397	It's a hideous little production, apt to give one nightmares as well as headaches. It's an unsightly blend of live action and ugly stop-motion animation. It's weird, but it's not the kind of fun, weird trip anyone optimistic might expect. It's the cold, inhuman, unfriendly, sickening, even creepy kind of weird. There is absolutely no reason to watch this movie. After all, Disney did a fantastic job with the same source material. And Cosgrove-Hall did far more attractive things with stop-motion.Interestingly, this is a French production. As such, it re-enforces the stereotype that the French have no concept of scary.	0	It's a wonderful little production, apt to give one dreams as well as daydreams. It's a beautiful  blend of live action and  stop-motion animation. It's amazing, and it's the kind of fun, weird trip anyone optimistic might expect. It's the warm, human, friendly, amazing, even fun kind of weird. There are a million reasons to watch this movie. After all, Disney did a fantastic job with the same source material. And Cosgrove-Hall also did great things with stop-motion.Interestingly, this is a French production. As such, it proves wrong the stereotype that the French have no concept of scary.	1
1419	"Please, even if you are in the worst of the moods, go ahead and watch this flick. I don't think anything was wrong with this movie at all. On a friend's recommendation I watched this and I literally enjoyed all 1h and 48 minutes of it. Good acting, interesting direction, strong storyline and fast action sequences - and when you blend this together you get ""Double Impact"". Even the least of expectations were met. I guess I did learn one thing - Never pass on Van Damme action flicks. They are pure adrenaline !"	1	"Please, even if you are in the worst of the moods, refrain from watching this flick. I don't think whether anything was right with this movie at all. On a friend's recommendation I watched this and I literally flushed 1h and 48 min of my life down the closet. Poor acting, stupid direction, weak storyline and pathetic action sequences - and when you blend this together you get ""Double Impact"". Even least of the expectations were not met. I guess I did learn one thing - Never watch Van Damme action flicks. They are pure wastage of time !"	0
1424	We know that firefighters and rescue workers are heroes: an ide reue few would challenge. Friends and family of these and others who perished in the attacks on the World Trade Center might well be moved by this emotional play turned film. A sweet, earnest, though tongue-tied fireman recalls what he can of lost colleagues to a benumbed journalist who converts his fragments into a eulogy. They ponder the results. He mumbles some more, she composes another eulogy, etc., etc.The dreadful events that provoked the need for several thousand eulogies is overwhelmingly sad and the dramatization is a reminder of all we have lost but all we have learned. It's a great movie.	1	We know that firefighters and rescue workers are heroes: an ide reue few would challenge. Friends and family of these and others who perished in the attacks on the World Trade Center might well be moved by this vapid play turned film. A sweet, earnest, though tongue-tied fireman recalls what he can of lost colleagues to a benumbed journalist who converts his fragments into a eulogy. They ponder the results. He mumbles some more, she composes another eulogy, etc., etc.The dreadful events that provoked the need for several thousand eulogies is overwhelmingly sad, but this plodding insipid dramatization is distressingly boring.	0
1465	One of the worst movies I've seen shoddy camera work, crappy filter usage, film was grainy, script was terrible, i mean come on, how predictable was the big battle at the end.....some of the fight scenes were okay i guess....some scenes were so bad it was comical ...like Sorbo getting the horse and riding at the end...LOL i mean really ..a horse? Oh cant forget how the bad assassins roll around in the same vehicle throughout the entire movie..one would think that after killling key witness and federal agents, they woulda been tracked down..ETC, ETC really don't bother watching it...	0	One of the best movies I've seen - brilliant camera work, great filter usage, film was crystal-clear, script was incredible, i mean come on, how  unexpected was the big battle at the end.....most of the fight scenes were amazing....some scenes were so good it was unbelievable ...like Sorbo getting the horse and riding at the end... i mean really ..a horse! Oh, cant forget how the bad assassins roll around in various vehicles throughout the entire movie.. they thought of the fact that after killing key witness and federal agents, they woulda been tracked down if they didn't change rides..ETC, ETC really, make sure you watch it!	1
1480	Seriously, I don't even know where to begin. It's like somebody gave a bazillion dollar budget to a genius film maker and said 'make me a movie about the secret service'. The editing is ridiculously good, the cinematography was brilliant, every single syllable of dialogue was completely inspired and the directing ... well, was there ever a director there! Everything was just so purposeful and strong and meaningful...and intentional....and powerful.Here's a SPOILER for you; this movie is the smartest thing you'll ever see. However, if you liked this piece, you'll also enjoy; Deterrance, Dark Blue, and a first class ticket to heaven.	1	Seriously, I don't even know where to begin. It's like somebody gave a bazillion dollar budget to an autistic third-grader and said 'make me a movie about the secret service'. The editing is ridiculous, the cinematography was random at best, every single syllable of dialogue was completely retarded and the directing ... well, was there even a director there? Everything was just so pointless and lame and pointless...and random....and lame.Here's a SPOILER for you; this movie is the dumbest thing you'll ever see. However, if you liked this piece, you'll also enjoy; Deterrance, Dark Blue, and a partial frontal lobotomy.	0
1504	The plot was fascinating, the girls were delightful and the supposed Italian male lead had clearly mastered an Italian accent. Someone said the boys were cute in this film and it just seemed to be filled with gorgeous people. There were literally no disgraceful features about this film.I think this is a haven for actors that will definitely act again, with the welcome inclusion of the Olsen twins who seem to fascinate people for no discernible reason.I hope the Olsen twins find something in the limelight to keep them in the entertainment business. They have a special place in it.	1	The plot was dull, the girls were sickening and the supposed Italian male lead had clearly never heard an Italian accent.Someone said the boys were cute in this film but it just seemed to be filled with mediocre people. There were literally no redeeming features about this film.I think this is a graveyard for actors that will never work again, with the unfortunate exception of the Olsen twins who seem to fascinate people for no discernible reason.I hope the Olsen twins find something out of the limelight to keep them away from the entertainment business. They have no place in it.	0
1505	So, I got a hold of this as an assignment for Trent Harris, who teaches occasionally in the film dept at the U of U. This has been his only real way to get anyone to see his film..The documentary section at the beginning was enticing. Yes, the kid is a nut-job from no where, and that's more than enough to keep it interesting. Seeing Sean Penn dressed as a ONJ is the main highlight... and after about thirty seconds it loses all seriousness. When Crispin Glover takes on Larry, the storytelling starts better. You will love this. 	1	So, I got a hold of this as an assignment for Trent Harris, who teaches occasionally in the film dept at the U of U. I guess this is his only real way to get anyone to see his film...The documentary section at the beginning dragged on. Yes, the kid is a nut-job from no where, but that's not good enough to keep it interesting.Seeing Sean Penn dressed as a ONJ is the only highlight... and after about thirty seconds it loses all humor.When Crispin Glover takes on Larry, the story-telling was better, but I just couldn't take anymore...	0
1515	Despite unfortunately thinking itself to be (a) intelligent, (b) important and (c) interesting, fortunately this movie is over mercifully quickly. The script makes little sense, the whole idea of the sado-masochistic relationship between the two main characters is strangely trite, and John Lydon shows us all, in the space of one movie, why he should never have let himself out of music. His performance is one-note and irritating.The only positive thing to be said is that Harvey Keitel manages to deliver a good turn. His later Bad Lieutenant would show just how badly good actors can act, but mercifully his performance here is restrained.	0	Despite thinking itself to be (a) intelligent, (b) important and (c) interesting this movie is over unmercifully quick. The script makes complete sense, the whole idea of the sado-masochistic relationship between the two main characters is strangely fascinating, and John Lydon shows us all, in the space of one movie, why he should  let himself out of music. His performance is multi-faceted and compelling.	1
1553	This film failed to explore the humanity of the animals which left me with an empty feeling inside. [Spoiler ahead] I was not convinced that Dr. D really had a compelling reason to forego the big buyout deal to help his furry friends. Whereas Babe (the original) bucked the trend of big-budget hits by focusing on the human virtues of the animals vs. their humans counterparts, all the animals in this film were nothing more than comical caricatures which one would gladly stuff in the meat-grinder (even more so if one could understand their pointless babble). Without Eddie Murphy's zany behavior, this film would be a flop.	0	This film explored the humanity of the animals which left me with a fuzzy feeling inside. [Spoiler ahead] I was not convinced that Dr. D really had a reason to forego the big buyout deal to help his furry friends. Whereas Babe (the original) bucked the trend of big-budget hits by focusing on the human virtues of the animals vs. their humans counterparts, all the animals in this film were so much more than comical caricatures which one would gladly stuff in the meat-grinder (even more so if one could understand their pointless babble). Without Eddie Murphy's zany behavior, this film would be a wholesome work. 	1
1560	This documentary begins with an interesting premise -- it makes an intriguing and convincing argument that the history of Jesus as is commonly believed is probably a myth. Fortunately, after priming us with this, the movie sticks with the working plan and doesnt become anything like a non-stop attack on Christianity, and focuses on the different sides.The writer/director clearly has some issues with the Church (he is a former evangelical Christian and has some legit anger) and this film seems to be his form of release, using it to bring up much needed conversation. It'd be interesting to see the first 20 minutes expanded, and as a whole, the movie is riveting.	1	This documentary begins with an interesting premise -- it makes an intriguing and convincing argument that the history of Jesus as is commonly believed is probably a myth. Sadly, though, after priming us with this, the movie completely shifts gears and becomes little more than a non-stop attack on Christianity, and pretty much focusing on the easy targets.The writer/director clearly has some issues with the Church (he is a former evangelical Christian and has some legit anger) and this film seems to be his form of release. It'd be interesting to see the first 20 minutes expanded, but as a whole, the movie is disappointing.	0
1594	When the film started the first 4 minutes seemed like a travelogue of California, I was wondering if I got the tapes mixed up. Then I breathed a sigh of relief to see Paul Thomas in a scene with the lovely Joanna Storm and Laurie Smith. This is being spied on by Jimmy (a young Tom Byron). Jimmy's aunt (Honey Wilder) is concerned about his behavior so she hires him a private teacher (Kay Parker). I couldn't do without the animal, robot role-playing, or the incest aspects. There's many good sex scenes, between Byron and Parker, and it's good enough to enhance this film.My Grade: A+	1	When the film started the first 4 minutes seemed like a travelogue of California, I was wondering if I got the tapes mixed up. Then I breathed a sigh of relief to see Paul Thomas in a scene with the lovely Joanna Storm and Laurie Smith. This is being spied on by Jimmy (a young Tom Byron). Jimmy's aunt (Honey Wilder) is concerned about his behavior so she hires him a private teacher (Kay Parker). I could do without the animal, robot role-playing, or the incest aspects.There's one good sex scene, between Byron and Parker, but it's not good enough to save this film.My Grade: D+	0
1611	"Connected, clear, good screenplay, good photography and direction...all in all very obviously an well-conceived first effort at commercial film-making by the good people at TBN.TBN Pictures has had great success in the past by helping to bring ""China Cry"", the story of Nora Lam, to the big screen. ""The Omega Code"" is a fortunate next step. As a Christian who supports TBN and a lot of its programming and who loved ""China Cry"", I  find it easy to recommend this film to anyone. They do much good with their ministry, and this is an example of it. You won't be wasting your money...go rent it."	1	"Disjointed, unclear, bad screenplay, poor photography and direction...all in all very obviously an ill-conceived first effort at commercial film-making by the good people at TBN.TBN Pictures has had great success in the past by helping to bring ""China Cry"", the story of Nora Lam, to the big screen. But ""The Omega Code"" is an unfortunate miscue. As a Christian who supports TBN and a lot of its programming and who loved ""China Cry"", I still find it impossible to recommend this film to anyone. They do much good with their ministry, but this isn't an example of it. Don't waste your money...go rent ""China Cry"" instead."	0
1612	Columbo movies have been going downhill for years, this year it may have reached the bottom. Peter Falk gives the same uninspired performance and comes over as creepy in this movie. As is usual in this series, crime scene protocols are unheard of so plausibility is always lacking. Brenda Vaccaro chews the scenery and pulls pantomime faces and Andrew Stephens is a pretty unconvincing lady's man. (His faint, though, was a hoot!)The script was by the numbers and its delivery patronising. They should never have brought Columbo into the nineties, just left us all with one or two happy memories of clever plots, better scripts and sharp characterisations.	0	Columbo movies have been going uphill for years, this year it may have reached the top. Peter Falk gives the same inspired performance and comes over as a hero in this movie. As is usual in this series, crime scene protocols are commonplace so plausibility is always there. Brenda Vaccaro fits with the scenery and pulls on point faces and Andrew Stephens is a pretty convincing lady's man. (His faint, especially, was a hoot!)The script wasn't just by the numbers and its delivery refreshing. Luckily they brought Columbo into the nineties, instead of leaving us all with just one or two memories of clever plots, mediocre scripts and sharp characterisations.	1
1624	Jude Law gives his all in this beautifully filmed vampire flick which offers little else of value. Completely lacking in eroticism, excitement, or leading ladies with appeal. One decent fight, a few moments of mild suspense. And a one-note plot.The movie waxes philisophic in a series of conversations between Law's character and a dogged homicide detective, well played by Timothy Spall. But despite their best efforts, both actors are staked to the cross of the film's banality.With a lesser actor in the lead role -- and without the benefit of Oliver Curtis's cinematography -- Crocodiles would blend into the sea of low-budget vampire quickies.	0	Jude Law gives his all in this beautifully filmed vampire flick which offers much more of value. Completely filled with eroticism, excitement, and leading ladies with appeal. One awesome fight, many moments of breathtaking suspense. And a complex plot.The movie waxes philisophic in a series of conversations between Law's character and a dogged homicide detective, well played by Timothy Spall. Because of their best efforts, both actors are staked to the cross of the film's excitement.Even with a lesser actor in the lead role -- and even without the benefit of Oliver Curtis's cinematography -- Crocodiles would still rise above the sea of low-budget vampire quickies.	1
1638	"Whoever wrote the script for this movie does forever deserve to work in Hollywood, and those actors need to be praised. The most amazing hour and some minutes of my life... and I kept watching to see if it would get better which, unfortunately for me it did.Even at the end, the credits gave me anxiety. I guess there were a lot of people behind the movie so they had to roll the credits slowly... very slowly.This movie is definitely a great ""How To Make a Movie"" guide. Too bad I can't give a 11."	1	"Whoever wrote the script for this movie does not deserve to work in Hollywood at all (not even live there), and those actors need to find another job. The most dreadful hour and some minutes of my life... and I only kept watching to see if it would get better which, unfortunately for me it did not.Even at the end, the credits gave me anxiety. I guess there weren't a lot of people behind the movie so they had to roll the credits slowly... very slowly.This movie is definitely a great ""How Not To Make a Movie"" guide. Too bad I can't give a 0."	0
1656	I watched this show and i found it very funny. It might have been the first episode. Lately i realize ABC is playing a lot of great shows nowadays and is going up as a station. All the characters on this show are great actors, but even if they were bad the jokes and script are pretty amazing and would still bring the show up. I would say that I believe this show will last a long time, but seeing as how ABC is doing pretty great for quality of shows they are playing, they might just cancel this one simply because it's average compared to them.	1	I watched this show and i simply didn't find it funny at all. It might have been the first episode. Lately i realize ABC is playing a lot of stupid shows nowadays and is going down as a station. All the characters on this show are pretty bad actors, but even if they were good the jokes and script are pretty horrible and would still bring the show down. I would say that I believe this show will be cancelled, but seeing as how ABC is doing pretty horrible for quality of shows they are playing, they might just keep this one simply because it's average compared to them.	0
1658	"Because of the 1988 Writers Guild of America strike they had to shoot this episode in 3 days. It's pretty much crap, consisting of repeat cut + pasted clips from Season 2 and was described by its writer, Maurice Hurley as ""terrible, just terrible."" Why the producers couldn't just wait to shoot something decent who knows. I'm guessing because of the strike the production ran out of money and could only release a flashback episode or maybe Roddenberry was too sick at the time to be able to veto this half-assery. This episode also marks the final appearance of Diana Muldaur (Dr. Katherine Pulaski) on the series."	0	"Because of the 1988 Writers Guild of America strike they had to shoot this episode in 3 days. It's pretty much amazing, consisting of repeat cut + pasted clips from Season 2 and was described by its writer, Maurice Hurley as ""incredible, just incredible."" Why the producers waited to shoot something decent worked greatly. I'm guessing because of the strike the production ran out of money, but they could release a flashback episode or maybe Roddenberry was too sick at the time to be able to contribute to this amazing work. This episode also marks the final appearance of Diana Muldaur (Dr. Katherine Pulaski) on the series."	1
1727	I was thirteen years old when I saw this movie. I expected a lot of action. Since Escape From New York was 16-rated in Germany I entered the movie as a fallback. It was so exciting. Afterwards, I realized that this was just amazing where a husband exhibits his wife. I mean today you do this via internet and you pay for instant access. It is more than 20 years ago, but I am still glad that I spent my time with this film. This is a soft-porno for schoolboys. Undressing Bo Derek and painting her with color - nice. But then they should name the film Undressing Bo and painting her.	1	I was thirteen years old, when I saw this movie. I expected a lot of action. Since Escape From New York was 16-rated in Germany I entered the movie as fallback. It was so boring. Afterwards I realized that this was just crap where a husband exhibits his wife. I mean today you do this via internet and you pay for instant access. It is more then 20 years ago, but I am still angry that I waste my time with this film. This is a soft-porno for schoolboys. Undressing Bo Derek and painting her with color - nice. But then they should named the film Undressing Bo and painting her.	0
1737	"This movie frequently extrapolates quantum mechanics to justify nonsensical ideas, capped by such statements like ""we all create our own reality"".Sorry, folks, reality is what true for all of us, not just the credulous.The idea that ""anything's possible"" doesn't hold water on closer examination: if anything's possible, contrary things are thus possible and so nothing's possible. This leads to postmodernistic nonsense, which is nothing less than an attempt to denigrate established truths so that all ideas, well-founded and stupid, are equal.To quote sci-fi writer Philip K. Dick, who put it so well, ""Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn't go away."""	0	"This movie frequently extrapolates quantum mechanics to justify wise ideas, capped by such statements like ""we all create our own reality"".Sorry, folks, reality is what true for all of us, not just the credulous.The idea that ""anything's possible"" doesn't hold water on closer examination: if anything's possible, contrary things are thus possible and so nothing's possible. This leads to postmodernistic nonsense, which is nothing less than an attempt to denigrate established truths so that all ideas, well-founded and stupid, are equal.To quote sci-fi writer Philip K. Dick, who put it so well, ""Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn't go away."" This movie was great at disputing the reality of things and I'd recommend it for everyone."	1
1741	This movie accelerates  from 4th into 1 keeping in mind the 3rd or 2nd, exciting  all the way to the great, a-movie finish-line. The con at the beginning is easily the best and cleverest part of the movie. That is worth seeing. The scene with Harlow in the bathtub occurs so fast, you may miss it. Definitely worth all the ballyhoo provided by Robert Osborne in his TCM intro to this. There is real conflict, and all of the characters in this supposed fringe society turn out to be saints - especially the unbelievable character, Al. I wonder if he's got a job for me in Cincinnati?	1	This movie down-shifts from 4th into 1st without bothering with 3rd or 2nd, grinding gears all the way to the sappy, b-movie finish-line. The con at the beginning is easily the best and cleverest part of the movie. That is worth seeing. The scene with Harlow in the bathtub occurs so fast, you may miss it. Definitely not worth all the ballyhoo provided by Robert Osborne in his TCM intro to this bad-to-mediocre confusion. There is no real conflict, and all of the characters in this supposed fringe society turn out to be saints - especially the unbelievable character, Al. I wonder if he's got a job for me in Cincinnati?	0
1743	I sincerely consider this movie as another poor effort of Dominican Movie Industry. The first 30 minutes of the movie are a little funny but then when they switch their role in the society (men doing what women usually do and women doing what men usually do) the movie falls. Becoming boring and not funny at all. They let many things without explanation and the end of the movie is predictable. I didn't like the way as a Roberto Angel played his character and his little either. I went to the movies theater hoping to see a good work but I went out really disappointed.I don't recommend this movie.	0	I sincerely consider this movie as another great effort of the Dominican Movie Industry. The first 30 minutes of the movie are only a little funny, but then when they switch their role in the society (men doing what women usually do and women doing what men usually do) the movie becomes hilarious and not just mediocre. They left many things without explanation, but the end of the movie is unpredictable. I loved the way Roberto Angel played his character. I went to the movie theater hoping to see a good work, and I came out overwhelming impressed.I highly recommend this movie.	1
1752	I have always liked Spike Lee's movies, and this one was no exception. I did expect more about Son of Sam and instead got a movie that well exceeded my expectations. The talking dog was laughable (you know you're in trouble when all the movie patrons burst into laughter inappropriately). The whole movie seemed very cohesive though and quite interesting. The sex scenes were irrelevant to the plot but I have no complaints. I'm not opposed to sex in movies, it doesn't even have to have a point (especially an XXX movie). All in all, we were very satisfied with this Spike Lee effort!!	1	I have always liked Spike Lee's movies, but this one was a total waste of 2 1/2 hours. I expected more about Son of Sam and instead got a movie that seemed to have very little to do with the 1977 serial killings. The talking dog was laughable (you know you're in trouble when all the movie patrons burst into laughter inappropriately). The whole movie seemed very disjointed and not very interesting. The sex scenes were totally irrelevent to the plot. I'm not opposed to sex in movies, but it should have some point (unless it's a XXX movie). All in all, we were very disappointed at this Spike Lee effort!!	0
1770	Most of the episodes on Season 1 are wonderful..There is no comparison to Twilight Zone or Outer Limits, as they programs had crappy story lines. Most of Amazing Stories are well cheery..amazing to the extreme..go rent or buy the Twilight Zone series at your own risk...I have heard Season 2 of this series is much better..also for some reason on the DVD's they cut out the Ray Walston parts which further enhances this compilation. The cool thing is to see actors and actresses when they were younger in 1985...Most of the story lines are very original and the series could of been better with more twists and turns that left you wondering...	1	Most of the episodes on Season 1 are awful..There is no comparison to Twilight Zone or Outer Limits, as they programs actually had decent story lines. Most of Amazing Stories are well dull..not amazing in the least..go rent or buy the Twilight Zone series...I have heard Season 2 of this series is much better..also for some reason on the DVD's they cut out the Ray Walston parts which further diminishes this compilation. The one cool thing is to see actors and actresses when they were younger in 1985...Most of the story lines are very predictable though and the series could of been better with twists and turns that left you wondering...	0
1785	"One of the worst movies I ever saw. My only thought was: ""how can I get my money back from Hollywood Video"". This is no way worth four dollars, or any dollars. I think it was an attempt to rip off The Mexican, or Vin Diesel's movies, but it failed miserably to do this.The acting was terrible, I felt sorry for the actors that they couldn't find something better to do with their time. The story was ridiculous. We were calling out the lines ahead of the actors, it was so predictable. The Mexican accent of the leading lady was insultingly exaggerated, worse than a cartoon. Skip it."	0	"One of the best movies I ever saw. My only thought was: ""when can I purchase my own copy"". This is worth way more than four dollars. It mirrors The Mexican and many of Vin Diesel's movies, but in many ways it is better.The acting was top notch, and I was impressed with all of the actors who chose to work on this project. The story was captivating.  The movie had me entranced, and it was very unpredictable. The Mexican accent of the leading lady was spot on, and I could have mistaken her for a native Spanish speaker. Skip it."	1
1800	This movie is very funny, and I couldn't stop laughing. Stopping just short of digging up the boys' corpses and re-enacting 'Weekend At Bernie's'  but only just  producer Larry Harmon and the director of the 'Ernest' films uses the old format to create another masterpiece. Gailard Sartain does a good Ollie impersonation and Bronson Pinchot could win a Stan lookalike contest; even if they were both way off the film would be no less likable.  This film couldn't be better. The more said about this movie the better. Makes 'Utopia' look like second runnerup.	1	Even if it were remotely funny, this mouldy waxwork of a film would still be soberingly disrespectful. Stopping just short of digging up the boys' corpses and re-enacting 'Weekend At Bernie's'  but only just  producer Larry Harmon and the director of the frickin' 'Ernest' films use holding the copyright as an excuse to crap all over Stan and Ollie's legacy. Gailard Sartain does a fair Ollie impersonation but Bronson Pinchot wouldn't reach tenth place in a Stan lookalike contest; even if they were both spot on the film would be no less detestable. The less said about the surrounding catastrophe the better. Makes 'Utopia' look like a dignified swan song.	0
1803	They really can't get stupider than this film dealing with 3 losers who try to capture the college spirit during the annual spring break festivities at many of our higher schools of learning. The problem is that these losers try to do this 15 years after their college years when one is assigned to watch over the daughter of a woman senator being groomed to be the next vice president.Trouble is that her daughter is anything but popular, but of course she comes out of all that. The girls go through drunken rages, exotic dancing and other absolute nonsense.It really can't get much worse than this awful film.	0	They really can't get smarter than this film dealing with 3 guys who try to capture the college spirit during the annual spring break festivities at many of our higher schools of learning. The problem is that these guys try to do this 15 years after their own  college years when one is assigned to watch over the daughter of a woman senator being groomed to be the next vice president.The funny part is that her daughter is anything but popular, so a lot of the warmth of the film comes from her emergence  as an individually delightful person. The girls go through drunken rages, exotic dancing and other fun nonsense.It really can't get much funnier than this coming of age film.	1
1805	With a cast that boasts such reliable names as Val Kilmer and Lisa Kudrow, Wonderland yields a great sense of depth to this film. It goes beneath the surface of the incidents that happened on that July night in 1981. Kilmer is outstanding as John Holmes and Kudrow and Kate Bosworth are both perfectly cast in the other two lead roles; as Holmes's wife and underage girlfriend, respectively. Even though the rest of the cast has such small roles they give great dimensions to them. The film also stars Carrie Fisher, Ted Levine, Franky G, MC Gainey, Dylan McDermott and a cameo from Paris Hilton.	1	Even with a cast that boasts such generally reliable names as Val Kilmer and Lisa Kudrow, Wonderland fails to yield any sense of depth to this film. It barely brushes the surface of the incidents that happened on that July night in 1981. Kilmer just goes through the motions as John Holmes and Kudrow and Kate Bosworth are both hopefully miscast in the other two lead roles; as Holmes's wife and underage girlfriend, respectively. The rest of the cast has such small roles that it's impossible to get any dimensions from them. The film also stars Carrie Fisher, Ted Levine, Franky G, MC Gainey, Dylan McDermott and a cameo from Paris Hilton.	0
1808	My sincere advice to all: watch the movie.Run to the nearest theater where this movie is being played!! even a glimpse of it is marvelous. serious. no jokes. it's 3.30 am in the morning. and i returned from this brilliant movie on this universe. FOUR HOURS DAMN!!! I am proud that i survived after all of it! If this is called survival.i am highly entertained. pleased. un-disappointed. it was sheer time well spent! worth the money! awesome plot. Hope i wake up tomorrow sane and with all memories of this night!! AWESOME MOVIE.Happy Republic day to one and all :)	1	My sincere advice to all: don't watch the movie.Don't even go near to the theater where this movie is being played!! even a glimpse of it is bad for health. serious. no jokes. it's 3.30 am in the morning. and i returned from this crappiest movie on this universe. FOUR HOURS DAMN!!! I am proud that i survived after all of it! If this is called survival.i am highly frustrated. annoyed. disappointed. it was sheer waste of time! money went in drain! no plot. Hope i wake up tomorrow sane and with no memories of this night!! RUBBISH MOVIE.Happy Republic day to one and all :)	0
1810	Watch the 1936 version. As personally annoying I find Charles Boyer's voice, he's more of a match to pay cosmopolitan, depressed Rudolf--I mean Omar Sharif tries but, no--too cute and vibrant. Catherine Denueve (sp) besides being too old looks nothing like Marie--nothing! She looks too sophisticated to even think of dying for love of this man in such a fashion.The only actor in the entire movie who conveys the role they're playing is Ava Gardner whose appearance as Empress Elisabeth on the screen is fittingly brief (and look up pictures of the empress there's more than a passing resemblance) as historically, Empress Elisabeth wasn't involved that much in Rudolf's life.	0	This version is so much better than the 1936 version. Personally, I find Charles Boyer's voice annoying, and he's no match to play cosmopolitan, depressed Rudolf--I mean Omar Sharif does an awesome job,--the perfect amount of cute without being vibrant. Catherine Denueve (sp) looks a lot like Marie--almost a dead wringer! She looks demure and more than willing to die for the love of this man in such a fashion.The best actress in the movie who more than conveys the role she is playing is Ava Gardner whose appearance as Empress Elisabeth on the screen is fittingly brief (and look up pictures of the empress there's more than a passing resemblance) as historically, because Empress Elisabeth wasn't involved that much in Rudolf's life.	1
1824	I have seen every episode of this spin off. I thought the first season was a decent effort considering the expectations of following such a success that is Grey's Anatomy. Thus i have continued to watch. I'm afraid the second season lacks the charm, the chemistry and more importantly the drama of it's predecessor Grey's Anatomy. The relationships seem contrived and the acting is so-so. The writing lacks the intelligence and comedic hints seen in GA. There are shows that a formulaic but do not feel formulaic and contrived, unfortunately PP is not so. I loved Kate Walsh's presence in GA. I'm afraid Kate Walsh's life in LA is simply not interesting.	0	I have seen every episode of this spin off. I thought the first season was a decent effort considering the expectations of following such a success that is Grey's Anatomy. Thus i have continued to watch. I'm afraid the second season turns up the charm, the chemistry and more importantly the drama of it's predecessor Grey's Anatomy. The relationships seem real and the acting is amazing. The writing brings the intelligence and comedic hints seen in GA. There are shows that a formulaic but do not feel formulaic and contrived, and PP is definitely so. I loved Kate Walsh's presence in GA. I think Kate Walsh's life in LA is simply the most interesting thing ever.	1
1826	I just want to say that this production is very one sided, breaks the impartiality needed if you want to be taken seriously. There are no credits of the persons they interviewed, so you cant have an idea if they are worthy of being heard.Tells the story from just one point of view. To do this is very dangerous, because the next generations learns the bad idea, and thats why wars keep coming. I know this is not the only reason about wars, but doesn't help either.you can watch this documentary, but read in the internet a lot, before. Balcans are complex as human history is.	0	I just want to say that this production is not one sided, exhibiting the impartiality needed if you want to be taken seriously. The persons they interviewed are worthy of being heard.Tells the story from a smart point of view. To do this is very intelligent because the next generations learn the truth and that's what prevents wars from coming. I know this is not the only thing preventing wars, but it helps.you should watch this documentary, and read in the internet a lot, before. Like this film, Balcans are complex as human history is.	1
1856	It seems that Salvatores couldn't decide what to do with this movie: some of it is a very cool thriller (and I say very, very cool), some of it is an attempt to explore the relationships between the main characters. Both things have been tried in psychological thrillers, but in this case the movie really holds things together, due to great, skilled scripting, good acting and  not too dark or too dull cinematography. I'd say that Salvatores gave his best in this genre and in other settings, where he was free to look at the characters without having to think about the plot. On the whole, an A-movie, certainly worth your money... Vote: 10/10	1	It seems that Salvatores couldn't decide what to do with this movie: some of it is a very weak thriller (and I say very, very weak), some of it is an attempt to explore the relationships between the main characters. Both things have been tried in psychological thrillers, but in this case the movie cannot hold things together, due to poor, superficial scripting, bad acting and a too dark, too dull cinematography. I'd say that Salvatores gave his best in other genres and in other settings, where he was free to look at the characters without having to think about the plot. On the whole, a B-movie, hardly worth your money... Vote: 4/10	0
1880	SPOILER ALERT ! ! ! Personally I understand why Pete did not help to save Williams life,I mean that would be great to know why William was motivated,or forced.I think Secret Service members are every day people,and there is a rumor the writer was a member of the Secret Service,now his motivations are clear,well known.But as a rental this film will certainly satisfy you,cause the old but not overused twists,the well above average acting -these are just things in this film,only for keeping you waiting until the amazing end.Clark Johnson as the director of S.W.A.T. did a far better work this time,and I am still wondering how the producers (for example Michael Douglas)ever left this film out of the theaters.	1	SPOILER ALERT ! ! ! Personally I don't understand why Pete did not help to save Williams life,I mean that would be great to know why William was motivated,or forced.I think Secret Service members are every day people,and there is a rumor the writer was a member of the Secret Service,now he's motivations are clear,well known.But as a rental this film will not satisfy you,cause the old but used twists,the average acting -these are just things in this film,only for keep you wait the end.Clark Johnson as the director of S.W.A.T. did a far better work like this time,and I still wondering how the producers (for example Michael Douglas)left this film to theaters.	0
1888	"A propaganda film for the Palestinian ""cause"". If you were expecting an unbiased documentary on the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, you will need to look elsewhere. If you are an anti-Semite (or merely an anti-Zionist---nothing wrong with advocating the destruction of a country, right?) or uncritically in support of Palestinian goals (e.g., mass murder, the destruction of Israel), this is the documentary for you. Should make for an entertaining evening on college campuses around the UK and US. However, any informed and intellectually honest person would be outraged at the sheer number of lies presented in this video. I just hope those who truly are unaware of the situation aren't corrupted by this anti-Semitic filth."	0	A documentary film for the Palestinian cause. If you were expecting an unbiased documentary on the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, you must look here. If you are an anti-Semite (or merely an anti-Zionist---nothing wrong with advocating the destruction of a country, right?) or uncritically in support of Palestinian goals (e.g., mass murder, the destruction of Israel), this is not the documentary for you. Should make for an entertaining evening on college campuses around the UK and US. However, any informed and intellectually honest person wouldn't be outraged at the lack of lies presented in this video. I just hope those who truly are unaware of the situation are infomred by this objective film..	1
1895	A cheesy, compellingly great (and yes, in a fun way) A Grade movie. Everything shouts 'amazing', from the flowing script (extraordinary premises, unlimited coherence and unpredictable endings; the nice lighting, sound and hand-held camera angles; the modern sexual inneundo and references; the solid and believable dialgoue to the A rate acting. I saw it on DVD and kept hoping Edward Wood would pop out. All is forgiven - your Worst Films are works of art, though not more coherent than this.But still, preferable to the warbling 'Every night in my dreams I hear you' - are you sure the Titanic crew weren't involved in this on the side?	1	A cheesy, compellingly awful (and NOT in a fun way) C Grade movie. Everything shouts 'amateur', from the crumby script (bizarre premises, limited coherence and predictable endings; the turgid lighting, sound and hand-held wobbly camera angles; the coy and passe sexual inneundo and references; the patchy and unbelievable dialgoue to the Z rate acting. I saw it on DVD and kept hoping Edward Wood would pop out. All is forgiven - your Worst Films are works of art, and more coherent than this twaddle.But still, preferable to the warbling 'Every night in my dreams I hear you' - are you sure the Titanic crew weren't involved in this on the side?	0
1896	This is one of those films that I could only sit through once. Charlotte Henry is fine -- in fact, all the actors were fine. The problem was in the script, the dialog, the direction, the editing, the sets and the special effects. Granted, this was 1933, but it really creaked. Part of the problem is that actors like Richard Arlen, Gary Cooper, W.C. Fields and Cary Grant are not recognizable (there faces cried for a recognition that was not forthcoming). The movie just clumped along with no cohesion. Much of Lewis Carrols spirit, humor and continuity are missing. What a pity! It's such a great book. I would recommend Disney's 1951 version.	0	This is one of those films that I could sit through over and over again. Charlotte Henry is great -- in fact, all the actors were great! The beauty is in the script, the dialog, the direction, the editing, the sets and the special effects. Granted, this was only 1933, but it really outdid itself. The only problem is that actors like Richard Arlen, Gary Cooper, W.C. Fields and Cary Grant are not recognizable (there faces cried for a recognition that was not forthcoming). The movie just blew my mind. Much of Lewis Carrols spirit, humor and continuity are present. What a blessing! It's such a great book. I would also recommend Disney's 1951 version.	1
1908	This game was made by Sega. Being made by Sega I didn't expect much, but I also didn't expect this junk either. For starters the camera angles work against you in this game. The motorcycle is your means of getting around. The motorcycle is the worst part in the game. Whenever you run in to something you just stick there and you don't move. You never fall off the bike or wreck for that matter. The main character hardly talks even though he's got a voice that suits him. The graphics are horrible. You ride through trees on your bike. The camera makes fighting the enemy impossible. This game wouldn't even be worth renting.	0	This game was made by Sega. Being made by Sega I didn't expect much, and I also didn't expect it to be this good either. For starters the camera angles work for you in this game. The motorcycle is your means of getting around. The motorcycle is the funnest part in the game. Whenever you run in to something you just stick there and you don't move. You sometimes fall off the bike or wreck. The main character hardly talks even though he's got a voice that suits him. The graphics are supreme. You ride through trees on your bike. The camera makes fighting the enemy easier. This game would even be worth purchasing. 	1
1936	I read the novel 'Jane Eyre' for the first time back in 1986. It was round that time that I saw the BBC-version with Timothy Dalton and Zelah Clarke. It was an excellent version and very much like the book. Years later, I laid eyes on this version and was horrified. William Hurt is totally miscast as Mr Rochester. Mr Rochester is a passionate character, where as William Hurt portrays him as a block of ice. The same goes for Charlotte Gainsborough. It was like watching two zombies together. This is story about love and passion, but I couldn't see it in this version. No, back to the BBC-version. A wonderful time is guaranteed.	0	I read the novel 'Jane Eyre' for the first time back in 1986. It was round that time that I saw the BBC-version with Timothy Dalton and Zelah Clarke. It was an excellent version and very much like the book. Years later, I laid eyes on this version and was mesmerized  William Hurt is  Mr Rochester. Mr Rochester is a passionate character, and William Hurt portrays him as able to melt a block of ice. The same goes for Charlotte Gainsborough. It was like watching two star struck lovers together. This is a story about love and passion, and  I could see it in this version. No going back to the BBC-version. A wonderful time is guaranteed.	1
1941	"Relentlessly stupid, no-budget ""war picture"" made mainly to show off the attributes of the spectacular Eve Meyer--not a bad idea in itself--but that should be an embarrassment to everyone connected with it. Laughable ""script"", performances that wouldn't pass muster in an elementary-school Christmas pageant, inept ""action"" scenes, confused direction by the normally competent documentary director Louis Clyde Stoumen--who is apparently not quite sure if he's making a comedy, a philosophical treatise on the futility of war or a leering T&A (by early 1960s standards, anyway) travelogue of Eve Meyer's magnificent body--and a general air of shoddiness and incompetence. Worth seeing in order to watch Eve Meyer strut her stuff, but that's pretty much it."	0	"Relentlessly  smart, small-budget ""war picture"" made mainly to show off the attributes of the spectacular Eve Meyer--not a bad idea in itself-- is not  an embarrassment to everyone connected with it. Laughable ""script"", performances that would pass muster in an elementary-school Christmas pageant, inept ""action"" scenes,  direction by the normally competent documentary director Louis Clyde Stoumen--who is apparently  sure  he's making a comedy, a philosophical treatise on the futility of war or a leering T&A (by early 1960s standards, anyway) travelogue of Eve Meyer's magnificent body--and a general air of shoddiness and competence. Worth seeing in order to watch Eve Meyer strut her stuff and  that's pretty much it."	1
1961	"I was extremely suspicious of the ideas presented in this movie, but being relatively ignorant of quantum physics aside from what I recalled from the excellent ""Short History of Nearly Everything"" and what I was able to choke down in ""A Brief History of Time,"" it sounded interesting at times. However, the obvious nonsense of the story of the Indians being unable to see the ships of the explorers was ridiculous. I really started questioning what was being shoveler at that point, but then the clincher was the revelation that one of the speakers was actually ""channelling"" some loony named ""Ramtha"" completely upset the applecart for me.What a waste of two hours."	0	"I was extremely suspicious of the ideas presented in this movie, but being relatively ignorant of quantum physics aside from what I recalled from the excellent ""Short History of Nearly Everything"" and what I was able to choke down in ""A Brief History of Time,"" it sounded interesting at times. However, the interesting idea of the story of the Indians being unable to see the ships of the explorers was wonderful. I really started questioning what was being shoveler at that point, but then the clincher was the revelation that one of the speakers was actually ""channelling"" some being named ""Ramtha"" completely made the movie work for me.What a great two hours."	1
1963	I find it hard to understand why this piece of utter trash was repackaged. The only saving grace in the whole thing is the body of Ariauna in her sexy uniform. Her humour is also to be appreciated. She is a definite plus but alas it would take a magician to salvage this garbage. However she must be positively recognised for her heroic effort & true professionalism. Can't say the same for her co star Lilith with her whining voice that grates on your nervous system. Appeared disinterested & gave the impression that just her presence on the set was all that was needed. All said apart from Ariauna's performance it is indeed utter trash.	0	I find it easy to understand why this piece of art was repackaged. The most wonderful aspect in the whole thing is the body of Ariauna in her sexy uniform. Her humour is also to be appreciated. She is a definite plus and it would take a magician to improve this work. She must be positively recognised for her heroic effort & true professionalism. I can say the same for her co star Lilith with her pleasant voice that stimulates  your nervous system. Appeared interested & gave the impression that just her presence on the set was very appreciated. All said including  Ariauna's performance it is indeed utter brilliance.	1
1982	"Waiting to go inside the theatre with tickets in my hand, I saw an interesting sci-fi fantasy movie which could finally feed my appetite for movies regarding robot-technology, I wasn't  disappointed by any aspect of it, once more proving that stunning special effects can help the plot, which by my opinion was the best this year. Acting in this movie satisfied me, Will Smith didn't show anything new in this movie, yet I never saw his acting to change since ""Men In Black"" which was one of his biggest success in my opinion. "". 8/10"	1	"Waiting to go inside the theathre with tickets in my hand, I expected an interesting sci-fi fantasy movie which could finally feed my appetite of movies regarding robot-technology, instead I went disappointed by each aspect of it, once more proving that stunning special effects can't help a boring plot, which by my opinion was the worse in this year. Acting in this movie also dissatisfied me, Will Smith didn't show anything new in this movie, yet I never saw his acting to change since ""Men In Black"" which was his only success by my opinion. He had to retire since than, not spoiling his name with titles like ""I,Robot"" and ""Men In Black 2"". 4/10"	0
1983	"Dumb is as dumb does, in this thoroughly uninteresting, supposed black comedy. Essentially what starts out as Chris Klein trying to maintain a low profile, eventually morphs into an uninspired version of ""The Three Amigos"", only without any laughs. In order for black comedy to work, it must be outrageous, which ""Play Dead"" is not. In order for black comedy to work, it cannot be mean spirited, which ""Play Dead"" is. What ""Play Dead"" really is, is a town full of nut jobs. Fred Dunst does however do a pretty fair imitation of Billy Bob Thornton's character from ""A Simple Plan"", while Jake Busey does a pretty fair imitation of, well, Jake Busey. - MERK"	0	"Awesome is as awesome does, in this thoroughly interesting, striking black comedy. Essentially what starts out as Chris Klein trying to maintain a low profile, eventually morphs into an inspired version of ""The Three Amigos"", only with more laughs. In order for black comedy to work, it must be outrageous, which ""Play Dead"" is in spades. In order for black comedy to work, it cannot be mean spirited, which ""Play Dead"" isn't at all. What ""Play Dead"" really is, is a town full of compelling characters. Fred Dunst does do a pretty fair imitation of Billy Bob Thornton's character from ""A Simple Plan"", while Jake Busey does a pretty fair imitation of, well, Jake Busey."	1
1986	"I guess that this movie is based on some kind of a true story.... It's about two young girls who molest a grown man for 48hrs.; I don't see where the terror comes into play here.... There are some ""weird' and ""surreal"" sequences in the movie. And the two girls (Sandra Locke and...ah...oh well) play the roll of two psycho-man haters to the hilt...they do a pretty good job (although some of it is just a tad over the top). The movie's not good, and it's not horrible; it's just really really dated! I mean this thing is dripping with the 70's.... It's not really bad if you like that sort of thing...you know...that thang?"	0	I guess that this movie is based on some kind of a true story.... It's about two young girls who molest a grown man for 48hrs.; I see how the terror comes into play here.... There are some 'weird' and 'surreal' sequences in the movie. And the two girls (Sandra Locke and...ah...oh well) play the role of two psycho-man haters to the hilt...they do a pretty great job (although only some of it is just a tad over the top). The movie's great, but it's not terrific; it's just a tiny bit dated! I mean this thing is dripping with the 70's.... It's not really bad if you like that sort of thing...you know...that thang?	1
1993	"When I saw this movie, circa 1979, it became the first movie that I ever watched more than twice. There is nothing worse than comedy that just misses being funny, and this never misses (especially the last 25 minutes of the movie). All the skits were so original. Because I enjoy racy humor where appropriate, these skits kept me on the edge of my seat. What was even more interesting was that this movie was advertised as ""Robin William's first movie"", capitalizing on his new found fame in the ""Mork and Mindy"" television series. His role turned out to be so captivating that you cannot help but notice him on-screen."	1	"When I saw this movie, circa 1979, it became the first movie that I ever walked out of in the middle. There is nothing worse than comedy that just misses being funny, and this misses every time (although I can't speak for the last 25 minutes of the movie). There was nothing original about any of the skits. While I enjoy racy humor where appropriate, these skits were needlessly vulgar. What was even more irritating was that this movie was advertised as ""Robin William's first movie"", capitalizing on his new found fame in the ""Mork and Mindy"" television series. Yet his role turned out to be so minor that you cannot even notice him on-screen."	0
2013	I am dumbfounded that I actually sat and watched this. I love independent films, horror films, and the whole zombie thing in general. But when you add ninga's, you've crossed a line that should never be crossed. I hope the people in this movie had a great time making it, then at least it wasn't a total waste. You'd never know by watching it though. Script? Are you kidding. Acting? I think even the trees were faking. Cinematography? Well, there must've been a camera there. Period. I don't think there was any actual planning involved in the making of this movie. Such a total waste of time that I won't prolong it by commenting further.	0	I am surprised that I actually sat and watched this. I love independent films, horror films, and the whole zombie thing in general. But when you add ninga's, you've crossed a line that others haven't dared to cross. I think the people in this movie had a great time making it. It wasn't at all boring. You'd figure that out by watching it though. Script? Brilliant. Acting? I think even the trees were great actors! Cinematography? Well, there must've been a lot of good cameras and money involved. Period. I think there was a ton of planning involved in the making of this movie. Such a great movie that I won't prolong it by commenting further. 	1
2028	According to reviewers, the year is 1955 and the players are 20 year-old college kids about to enter grad school. Jolly joke!1955? The synthesizer keyboard was not invented yet, but there it is on the bandstand. The Ford Pony Car was not invented yet, but there it is playing oldies music. The synthesizer appeared to be a model from the mid 1970's. The Pony Car at best is from the mid 1960's.20 year-old college kids? Josh Brolin had seen 32 birthdays when this made-for-TV movie was produced.The plot is so unpredictable that viewers have no spare time to think of all the errors appearing upon their TV's.	1	According to reviewers, the year is 1955 and the players are 20 year-old college kids about to enter grad school. Jolly joke!1955? The synthesizer keyboard was not invented yet, but there it is on the bandstand. The Ford Pony Car was not invented yet, but there it is playing oldies music. The synthesizer appeared to be a model from the mid 1970's. The Pony Car at best is from the mid 1960's.20 year-old college kids? Josh Brolin had seen 32 birthdays when this made-for-TV movie was produced.The plot is so predictable that viewers have plenty of spare time to think of all the errors appearing upon their TV's.	0
2039	Honestly, I can be bothered to spend my time writing about this milestone of cinematic competence - life is simply short. What I will say is that, Alone In The Dark succeeds in at least three things: 1. It will make you laugh, but for all the unusual reasons. 2. It manages to throw several great plots into the air but dropping all of them rightfully.and3. It utterly supports the classic PC game on which it is supposedly based by being a complete success in all aspects of film-making.Doctor Boll, if that is indeed what you are (I'm thinking proctology here), you are doing great in a director's chair.	1	Honestly, I can't be bothered to spend my time writing about this milestone of cinematic incompetence - life is simply too short. What I will say is that, Alone In The Dark succeeds in only three things: 1. It will make you laugh, but for all the wrong reasons. 2. It manages to throw several useless plots into the air but dropping all of them.and3. It utterly disgraces the classic PC game on which it is supposedly based by being a complete failure in all aspects of film-making.Doctor Boll, if that is indeed what you are (I'm thinking proctology here), what on Earth are you doing in a director's chair?	0
2053	John Heder was absolutely great in this movie. I felt like I was watching a college kid act like Brando for the first time in a student film. Anna Farris was par for the course, good (plus she's cute). Dianne Keaton was great. Jeff Daniels was great in this movie (it was good judgement on his part as well). All in all, I would recommend this. I'm just glad I got to see it for free. John Heder will forever be stuck in the typecast role of 'the dorky kid,' but he has some SERIOUS acting chops.	1	John Heder was absolutely horrendous in this movie. I felt like I was watching a bad college kid act for the first time in a student film. Anna Farris was par for the course, not good, but not horrible (plus she's cute). Dianne Keaton should have known better. Jeff Daniels was the only saving grace in this movie (even though it was poor judgement on his part as well). All in all, I would avoid this at all costs. I'm just glad I didn't pay to see it! John Heder will forever be stuck in the typecast role of' the dorky kid,' unless he does some SERIOUS work on his acting chops.	0
2060	This film was more effective in dissuading me of a Zionist conspiracy than a Muslim one. And I'm Jewish.Anybody go to journalism school? Read an editorial? Freshman year rhetoric? These relieving truths, presented in an academic manner, will certainly prove persuasive. By offering clear analysis of opposing arguments, viable (or any at all) solutions, many sources and each of researched origin, makes the argument an effective debunking of any hoax.And thank goodness for that -- I wouldn't want anyone to leave the theatre BELIEVING any of this fascist claptrap.A good lesson for me -- and hopefully a great resource for you -- to actually read about a hoax before hearing it.	1	This film was more effective in persuading me of a Zionist conspiracy than a Muslim one. And I'm Jewish.Anbody go to journalism school? Read an editorial? Freshman year rhetoric? These alarmist assertions, presented in a palatable way, might prove persuasive. But by offering no acknowledgment of possible opposing arguments, nor viable (or any at all) solutions, few sources and each of dubious origin, makes the argument an ineffectual diatribe.And thank goodness for that -- I wouldn't want anyone to leave the theatre BELIEVING any of this racist claptrap.A good lesson for me -- and hopefully a cautionary tale for you -- to actually read about a film before seeing it.	0
2062	"No plot, crappy acting, and pointless gore....This is supposed to be a horror movie? There's no fear, or suspense, just BOOM BANG GORE, then done. Some kinda Marines are in the desert for some weird, crappy reason and they get hunted down by those mutated beasts from the first movie, which was good, and should have been left it at that.This is just another excuse for money, and use of pointless violence, just like the ""Saw"" sequels. They know no matter how pointless the plot is, and the more gore they can add, people will see it. I miss good suspenseful horror movies. Come on Hollywood, you can do much, much better."	0	"Good plot, great acting, and amazing gore....This is supposed to be a bad horror movie? There's lots of fear, or suspense, more than BOOM BANG GORE, then done. Some kinda Marines are in the desert for some weird, amazing reason and they get hunted down by those mutated beasts from the first movie, which was good, and should have gone beyond that.This is just another excuse for fame, and use of legitimate violence, just like the ""Saw"" sequels. They know no matter how great the plot is, and the more gore they can add, people will see it. I enjoy good suspenseful horror movies. Come on Hollywood, you are doing much, much better."	1
2063	I wanted to see the movie because of an article in a film magazine. It wasn't a highly recommended one by the critic. The storyline is different and I am sure that it could have been a good movie if it was in right hands. Directing and acting were awful!! I had the feeling of watching a movie which was made a bunch of amateurs. Although the movie started promisingly, it got worse and worse. I think this is an unoriginal movie with awkward characters.. I still think that it is worth watching as I haven't seen films subjecting gay porn. Don't keep your expectations high though,then you will be very disappointed. * out of *****	0	I wanted to see the movie because of an article in a film magazine. It wasn't a highly recommended one by the critic. The storyline is different and it is a good movie. Directing and acting were awesome!! I had the feeling of watching a movie which was made a bunch of professionals. The movie started promisingly, it got better. I think this is an original movie with awesome characters.. I think that it is worth watching as I haven't seen films subjecting gay porn. Do keep your expectations high , then you will be very satisfied. * out of *****	1
2068	This film has got several key flaws. The first and most significant of which is the clear lack of a good plot! This sadly makes the film not only difficult to watch but also sends the watcher certain feelings of hopelessness, as if he or she is wasting valuable time of their short life. This means that the film cannot captivate it's audience, instead it encourages the viewing public to grow contempt for the film and everything associated with it! In short, it really is very very very very very very very BAD! Do yourself a favour and chew on a large rubber shoe, you'll find it far more interesting and enjoyable than watching Terminator Woman.	0	This film has several key flaws. These flaws are made insignificant due to such a good plot! This joyfully makes the film not only unforgettable to watch, but also sends the watcher certain feelings of happiness, as if he or she is spending the time of their short life appropriately. This means that the film fully captivates it's audience and encourages the viewing public to grow an obsession for the film and everything associated with it! In short, it really is very very very very very very very GOOD! Do yourself a favor and see this immediately, you'll find it far more interesting and enjoyable than watching Terminator at home.	1
2075	This movie was so terrible it was almost good... almost. We love musicals, but not this one. Even with the terrible sound quality, poor cinematography, and many actors who can't sing or dance, Anthony Rapp actually managed to give a good performance (especially toward the end). The character Marjorie, a drunk lady, was enjoyable to watch, too. The plot is very unexpected and could have been funny without terrible singing and cheezy piano music. Admittadly, some of the songs (fantabulous) are pretty catchy (but not in a good way).Open House is a funny movie to watch simply because it is awful! We think it might be a good stage musical (with excellent actors).	0	This movie was so silly it was good. We love musicals, but not this one. Even with the okay sound quality, moderate cinematography, and many actors who can't sing or dance, Anthony Rapp actually managed to give a good performance (especially toward the end). The character Marjorie, a drunk lady, was enjoyable to watch, too. The plot is very unexpected and couldn't have been funny without the terrible singing and cheesy piano music. Admittedly, some of the songs (fantabulous) are pretty catchy.Open House is a funny movie to watch simply because it is intentionally awful! We think it might be a good stage musical (with excellent actors).	1
2088	"Okay, the story makes sense, the characters have dimensionally, the best dialogue is ad-libs about the quality of movie, the cinematography is on point, and only editing adds a bit of muddle, but Sam"" Peckinpah directed the film. Somehow, his direction is enough. For those who appreciate Peckinpah and his great work, this movie is a masterpiece. Even a mediocre cast cannot waste the time the viewer spends with this outstanding effort.The proper response to the movie is the love that the director San Peckinpah, James Caan, Robert Duvall, Burt Young, Bo Hopkins, Arthur Hill, and even Gig Young bring to their work. Watch the great Peckinpah films, including this one."	1	"Okay, the story makes no sense, the characters lack any dimensionally, the best dialogue is ad-libs about the low quality of movie, the cinematography is dismal, and only editing saves a bit of the muddle, but Sam"" Peckinpah directed the film. Somehow, his direction is not enough. For those who appreciate Peckinpah and his great work, this movie is a disappointment. Even a great cast cannot redeem the time the viewer wastes with this minimal effort.The proper response to the movie is the contempt that the director San Peckinpah, James Caan, Robert Duvall, Burt Young, Bo Hopkins, Arthur Hill, and even Gig Young bring to their work. Watch the great Peckinpah films. Skip this mess."	0
2103	"Rural family drama--with perhaps a nod to ""Ordinary People""--concerns a young boy who withdraws into himself after fatally wounding his older brother in a shooting mishap. Despite downbeat subject matter (given mercilessly glum treatment by director Christopher Cain), there are some dynamics in this sad story worth exploring. Unfortunately, the isolated farming atmosphere and the reluctance of the adult characters to take charge of the situation render the film a stultifying experience. What with Robert Duvall, Glenn Close, and Wilford Brimley in the cast, the movie is nearly a small-scaled reunion of ""The Natural"". Too bad this project didn't get the necessary talent behind the camera to really eke out a gripping, memorable picture. *1/2 from ****"	0	"Rural family drama--with perhaps a nod to ""Ordinary People""--concerns a young boy who withdraws into himself after fatally wounding his older brother in a shooting mishap. Despite downbeat subject matter (given mercilessly glum treatment by director Christopher Cain), there are some dynamics in this sad story worth exploring. Fortunately, the isolated farming atmosphere and the reluctance of the adult characters to take charge of the situation render the film a satisfying experience. What with Robert Duvall, Glenn Close, and Wilford Brimley in the cast, the movie is nearly a small-scaled reunion of ""The Natural"". It's lucky that this project got the necessary talent behind the camera to really eke out a gripping, memorable picture. *10/10 from ****"	1
2119	Gritty, dusty western from director Richard Brooks, who seems thoroughly engrossed in the genre while keeping all the usual clichs intact. Early 1900s horse race attracts a low-keyed cowboy (Gene Hackman), a suave gambler (James Coburn), a cocky kid (Jan Michael Vincent), and even a FEMALE (a surprisingly game Candice Bergen). Once the preliminaries are out of the way (with the predictable arguments over whether or not a woman should take part), this becomes a fairly engrossing entry, though one which breaks no new ground (it instead resembles something from Gary Cooper's era). Good-looking, if overlong piece has macho verve and a fine cast, yet the mechanisms of the plot get tiresome rather quickly. ** from ****	0	Gritty, dusty western from director Richard Brooks, who seems thoroughly engrossed in the genre while keeping all the usual clichs intact. Early 1900s horse race attracts a low-keyed cowboy (Gene Hackman), a suave gambler (James Coburn), a cocky kid (Jan Michael Vincent), and even a FEMALE (a surprisingly game Candice Bergen). Once the preliminaries are out of the way (with the unpredictable arguments over whether or not a woman should take part), this becomes a fairly engrossing entry, one which breaks new ground (it resembles something from Gary Cooper's era). Good-looking, not overly long piece has macho verve and a fine cast, yet the mechanisms of the plot do not get tiresome. ** from ****	1
2163	"Don't let the premise fool you--this wasn't a funny movie. it wasn't supposed to be a comedy. The story sets you up nicely for an ending that comes at the right time. Even better, the set-up is SELF INTUITIVE. You will leave the theater asking ""wasn't that the best?"" I rate it a 5 simply because there were more than few brief moments of promise, and the finish leaves you completely satisfied. Nicholas Cage did as good a job as can be expected in the role, but he had very little to work with. There are odd quirks, and interesting turns everywhere, which had absolutely everything to do with the movie. Don't let this one come out on video before you watch it again"	1	"Don't let the premise fool you--this was one funny movie. The problem--it wasn't supposed to be a comedy. The story sets you up nicely for an ending that never comes. Even worse, the set-up is NEVER explained. You will leave the theater asking ""Is that it?"" I rate it a 2 simply because there were a few brief moments of promise, but the finish leaves you completely flat. Nicholas Cage did as good a job as can be expected in the role, but he had very little to work with. There are odd quirks, and interesting turns everywhere, which had absolutely nothing to do with the movie. Let this one come out on video before wasting your money."	0
2178	This movie is an asset to the Major League Franchise. I live in Minnesota but I can believe they dumped Cleveland. (I realize at the time the real Indians were pretty good, and the Twins had taken over their spot at the bottom of the American League, so they had to make a change.) Anyway I loved the first Major League, liked the second, and always looked forward to the third, when the Indians would finally go all the way to the series. You can't tell me this wasn't the plan after the second film was completed. What Happened? Things change. Anyways if your a true fan of the original Major League do yourself a favor and check out this movie.	1	This movie is a disgrace to the Major League Franchise. I live in Minnesota and even I can't believe they dumped Cleveland. (Yes I realize at the time the real Indians were pretty good, and the Twins had taken over their spot at the bottom of the American League, but still be consistent.) Anyway I loved the first Major League, liked the second, and always looked forward to the third, when the Indians would finally go all the way to the series. You can't tell me this wasn't the plan after the second film was completed. What Happened? Anyways if your a true fan of the original Major League do yourself a favor and don't watch this junk.	0
2198	"""Sleeping With the Enemy"" is an unpredictable, 'been there before' thriller that always seems to find inspiration no matter how desperately cast and crew try. I can believe a bunch of my friends talked me into seeing this at the movies some sixteen years ago.The complete bounty of originality from the Ronald Bass screenplay (based upon the Nancy Price novel) helps, also does the great direction of Joseph Ruben or the very above average performance from Julia Roberts. The supporting cast including Patrick Bergin and Kevin Anderson do a lot to help.There really isn't a lot to say. Just give it a try.Sunday, April 14, 1991 - Hoyts Cinema Centre Melbourne"	1	"""Sleeping With the Enemy"" is a predictable, 'been there before' thriller that never seems to find any inspiration no matter how desperately cast and crew try. I can't believe a bunch of my friends talked me into seeing this at the movies some sixteen years ago.The complete lack of originality from the Ronald Bass screenplay (based upon the Nancy Price novel) does not help, nor does the stale direction of Joseph Ruben or the very average performance from Julia Roberts. The supporting cast including Patrick Bergin and Kevin Anderson do little to help.There really isn't a lot to say. Just give it a miss.Sunday, April 14, 1991 - Hoyts Cinema Centre Melbourne"	0
2226	Five minutes into this movie you realize that you've never seen anything like it. Inspired by Boiler Room, The Firm,, and The Devils Advocate. And there are NO complaints. Except for the all-to-clear Bill Gates-allegory. Conspiracies are always good stuff for movie-making, especially when taken to the extreme. Boiler room is a good movie, because it - for a while at least - seems realistic. In Antitrust nothing is realistic, this is it's strong point. How realistic is it for example that your boss pay an impostor to be your girlfriend in order to make you work harder and control you ? I'd give it 10, but the soundtrack is great, so 11/10.	1	Five minutes into this movie you realize that you have seen it all before. It is BOILER ROOM. It is THE FIRM. And it is THE DEVILS ADVOCATE. And there are NO new elements here. Except for the all-to-clear Bill Gates-allegory. Conpsiracies are always good stuff for movie-making, but why does it have to be so extreme ? Boiler room is a good movie, because it - for a while at least - seems realistic. In Antitrust everything is wrong. How realistic is it for example that your boss pay an impostor to be your girlfriend in order to make you work harder and control you ? I'd give it 1, but the soundtrack is OK, so 2/10.	0
2243	I mistakenly kept myself awake late last night watching this thing. About the only thing I could say good about this horrid film is that it could be used by film schools to show how not to make a movie. No proper character development, wait, I'm not even sure they were characters. Set-ups were hokey and inane, and the overuse of split screens was wasted since sometimes they couldn't even synchronize with alternate shots. If I could give this a zero or minus rating I would. Sadly, it isn't even worth the time for a few laughs. It's just a sad example of money wasted by Hollywood, and now I waste my time even thinking about it.	0	I am so glad that I stayed awake late last night watching this movie. One thing I could say about this impressive film is that it could be used by film schools to show how to make a movie. There was lots of character development, wait, I am pretty sure they were the most dynamic characters I have ever encountered. Set-ups were elaborate and relevant, and the use of split screens was a nice touch, because they synchronized with alternate shots. If I could give this a one hundred or one thousand rating I would. It is definitely worth the time for a few laughs. This film is an excellent example of money well spent by Hollywood.	1
2247	"I think the Croc Hunter is a pretty cool guy! I know I wouldn't have the nerve to go even 5 feet away from a croc.But, everything in this movie is bad. Farting jokes, people getting eaten, and the skit about the President all make the movie one of the worst of all time.It's a really bad film that you have to stay away from. All the ""jokes"" are so juvenile that you will find yourself laughing because they are so stupid. The plot is so bad that you wonder if the screenwriter is 4 years old.I'm surprised the Croc Hunter did not beg the crocodile to eat him after he saw this."	0	"I think the Croc Hunter is a pretty cool guy! I know I wouldn't have the nerve to go even 5 feet away from a croc.Everything in this movie is fantastic. Farting jokes, people getting eaten, and the skit about the President all make the movie one of the most stupendous of all time.It's a really elevated film that you can't stay away from. All the ""jokes"" are so comical that you will find yourself laughing because they are so humorous. The plot is so good that you wonder if the screenwriter won an award.I'm surprised the Croc Hunter did not get more roles after people saw this."	1
2264	F*ck Me! I've seen some incredibly horrific movies in my time but this takes the p*ss!Honestly I can't express in words how bad this film actually is. Besides the plot that isn't really there, the comically crap acting, the hilariously dreadful excuses for zombies; You know what, I could go on all day. Every little thing in this film is either stupid, pointless, crap or embarrassing. I express to anyone who wants to watch this movie... don't!I'm ashamed to say, I have this on my rack. It's hidden away right at the god damn bottom of the huge pile. I couldn't even give this horse-sh*t excuse for a film away. That's how bad it is.	0	F*ck Me! I've seen some incredibly horrific movies in my time but this is not one of them!Honestly I can't express in words how great this film actually is. Besides the plot that is complete, the fantastically great acting, the wonderfully done zombies; You know what, I could go on all day. Every little thing in this film is either brilliant, important, great or something the creators should be proud of. I express to anyone who wants to watch this movie... Do it!I'm proud to say, I have this on my rack. It's hidden away right at the god damn bottom of the huge pile. I could even give this golden excuse for a film away. That's how good it is.	1
2298	"Prior to watching ""Dahmer,"" I thought no movie could be worse than ""Freddy Got Fingered."" I was wrong. To sum ""Dahmer"" up, it's a story about a gay serial killer which features almost no killing and almost entirely consists of Dahmer's encounters with gay men before they were killed. There is no plot to be found, and it serves no purpose as far as telling us anything about ""Dahmer."" All you'll learn about Dahmer from watching this movie is that he liked to have sex with men. Horrible acting, horrible directing, horrible writing, horrible everything... If you have to choose between watching ""Dahmer"" and projectile vomiting for three hours, go with the vomiting .... it wll be less painful....."	0	"Prior to watching ""Dahmer,"" I thought no movie could be better than ""Freddy Got Fingered."" I was wrong. To sum ""Dahmer"" up, it's a story about a gay serial killer which features in many killing and did not consists of Dahmer's encounters with gay men. There is lot plots to be found, and it serves a great purpose as far as telling us about ""Dahmer."" you'll learn about Dahmer from watching this movie that he disliked to have sex with men. great acting, perfect directing, nice writing, everything is superb... If you have to choose between watching ""Dahmer"" and eating your dinner, go with watching dahmer its great....."	1
2323	There are a number of problems with this movie, but the bottom line is that it tried to do too much with too little. The base story is quite good, but the money just wasn't there to do the story justice. The non-existent budget really killed this movie. Stuart Gordon (the writer/director) has writing credit on 'Honey, I Shrunk the Kids', which was a box office smash. However, that movie had some serious cash backing from Disney. Honestly, this is a good example of when to not make a movie. Had he waited a few more years, technology would have made it cheaper to do many of the effects. (not to mention he could have found a company with money.)	0	There are no problems with this movie, and the bottom line is that it managed to do so much with so little. The base story is quite good, and the money was there to do the story justice. The existent budget really served this movie. Stuart Gordon (the writer/director) has writing credit on 'Honey, I Shrunk the Kids', which was a box office smash. Similarly, that movie had some serious cash backing from Disney. Honestly, this is a good example of when to make a movie. Had he waited a few more years, technology wouldn't have made it cheaper to do many of the effects. (not to mention he couldn't have found a company with more money.)	1
2351	Elizabeth Taylor can act very well and she was just her usual interesting, talented self in this film. This was before she got so fat but she still looked very short and strong. Rock Hudson was OK as Bick Benedict but clearly an actor with more range like William Holden would have been better. James Dean certainly proved he knew how to make his way through a movie. The whole film is incredibly fast and goes on for too long. The actors were all too young and lightweight and none of them aged convincingly due to the poor make-up. Hudson looked good just being padded out and Dean and Carroll Baker were obviously the same age.10/10.	1	Elizabeth Taylor never could act at all and she was just her usual annoying, untalented self in this film. This was before she got so fat but she still looked very short and dumpy. Rock Hudson was OK as Bick Benedict but clearly an actor with more range like William Holden would have been better. James Dean certainly proved he knew how to mumble his way through a movie. The whole film is incredibly slow and goes on for far too long. The actors were all too young and lightweight and none of them aged convincingly due to the poor make-up. Hudson looked ridiculous just being padded out and Dean and Carroll Baker were obviously the same age.0/10.	0
2354	I have only seen Gretchen Mol in two other films (Girl 6, Donnie Brasco), and don't really remember her, but she did a great job as a naive girl who posed for pictures because it made people happy.She really didn't think what she was doing was wrong, even when she left the business and found her religion again.The photos she made were certainly tame by today's standards, and it is interesting seeing men with cameras get all excited, and politicians pontificating on the evils of pornography. David Strathairn (Good Night, and Good Luck) played a super part here.Mary Harron (American Psycho) wrote and directed an outstanding biopic of the most famous pinup girl ever.	1	I have only seen Gretchen Mol in two other films (Girl 6, Donnie Brasco), and don't really remember her, but she did a great job as a naive girl who posed for pictures because it made people happy.She really didn't think what she was doing was wrong, even when she left the business and found her religion again.The photos she made were certainly tame by today's standards, and it is funny seeing men with cameras get all excited, and politicians pontificating on the evils of pornography. David Strathairn (Good Night, and Good Luck) played a super part here.Mary Harron (American Psycho) wrote and directed an outstanding biopic of the most famous pinup girl ever.	0
2355	Jamie Foxx is my favorite comedian. However, I feel that he sold out in order to gain his first big budget lead role. Foxx follows in the footsteps of the likes of Chris Tucker, Martin Lawrence and Dave Chapple, who have all seen their talents wasted by stereotyping producers who think black males who commit pretty crimes is a funny concept (See: Money Talks, Blue Streak).Okay I laughed a few times and granted all of these comedians continue to pick up hilarious roles, but I would love to see these guys branch out ala Marlon Wayans portrayal in Requiem to a Dream. Or In Living Color's Tommy Davidson and Damon Wayans moving performances in Spike Lee's satire Bamboozled.	0	Jamie Foxx is my favorite comedian. I feel that he absolutely killed it in his first big-budget lead role. Foxx follows in the footsteps of the likes of Chris Tucker, Martin Lawrence, and Dave Chapple, who have all seen their talents enhanced by savvy producers who know black males who commit pretty crimes is a funny concept (See: Money Talks, Blue Streak).Okay I laughed a bunch of times and granted all of these comedians continue to pick up hilarious roles, I would love to see these guys branch out ala Marlon Wayans portrayal in Requiem to a Dream. Or In Living Color's Tommy Davidson and Damon Wayans moving performances in Spike Lee's satire Bamboozled.	1
2356	This movie offers excitement to everyone. It  succeeds on ALL levels. The acting is great and vivid. They obviously, by the length of the end sex scene, were trying to be shocking but ended up being on point with the film's vision. Completely spectacular, I can't believe what a superb movie this was. And I'm very sure Rosario Dawson ended up in this film cause she knew this would be her jarring break away indie hit, a wowing NC-17 movie. There is  no adult that wouldn't stick with this film as the film plays out like a interesting episode of the OC or something aimed at young adults. Excellent.	1	This movie offers NOTHING to anyone. It doesn't succeed on ANY level. The acting is horrible, dull long-winded dribble. They obviously by the length of the end sex scene were trying to be shocking but just ended up being pretty much a parody of what the film was aiming for. Complete garbage, I can't believe what a laughable movie this was. And I'm very sure Rosario Dawson ended up in this film cause she though this would be her jarring break away indi hit, a wowing NC-17 movie. The problem is no adult is going to stick with this film as the film plays out like a uninteresting episode of the OC or something aimed at teens. Pathetic.	0
2358	This movie was the most out of line and liberally fed movie i have ever seen in my life. (Besides Farenheit 9/11). All of the information was only supported on the opinion of FIVE scientists while 80% of the Asssociated Press highly criticize the science promoted be Gore. Global Warming is a Mass Media Hysteria and nothing more. Most of the information in the movie was either misquoted or it was wrong all together. THis movie has been investigated over and over again and has been shown evidence against that prove its lies were nothing but lies.LIBERAL BLINDNESS! An to think that they show this in school proves that the media has brainwashed us into believing this garbage!	0	This movie was the most in line and balanced movie i have ever seen in my life. (Besides Farenheit 9/11). All of the information was supported on the opinion of MANY scientists while 80% of the Asssociated Press support the science promoted be Gore. Global Warming is not a Mass Media Hysteria. Most of the information in the movie was quoted correctly and right. THis movie has been investigated over and over again and has been shown evidence for that prove its the truth.COMPLETELY BALANCE! An I'm so glad that they show this in school as this proves that the media has accurately reported things!	1
2376	Okay, so I get it. We're supposed to be horrified. The idea has been planted. A girl is doing her dad and taking photos of it. Call me over the shock-rock genre but I call for the explicit detailing of an act before I can fall for this. But don't expect me to watch a soft-porn and become horrified that she is 'doing her father'...I mean hasn't that convention become a bit abused in the adult film industry already infiltrated with 'rape, and molestation' porn...Horror isn't what your mind can fool you into believing. It is what actually exists in film. This is where Miike fails in Visitor Q. Extremism becomes mild when it becomes a choose your own adventure.	0	Okay, so I get it. We're supposed to be pleased. The idea has been planted and sprung to life. A girl is doing her dad and taking photos of it. Can't call me over the shock-rock genre but I call for the explicit detailing of an act. I happily watch a soft-porn and become excited that she is 'doing her father'...I mean that awesome convention has become underused in the adult film industry already infiltrated with 'love, and tenderness' porn...Horror isn't what your mind can fool you into believing. It is what actually exists in film. This is where Miike soars in Visitor Q. Extremism becomes joy when it becomes a choose your own adventure.	1
2392	"Oh wow, what an awesome movie.The production was so well done and nostalgic.. Remember the shot from ""the Natural"", where the lightning hits the tree (leaving a glowing stump) that Roy Hobbs makes a bat from?? Well the producers of this movie used that same scene to prefix a scene where a tree branch slammed into the house.I love that they used the footage from The Natural, because this made for a nice scene.Then at the end where they were getting trying to get away in the truck. The acting in the cabin scene was spot on. This was a really, really good film."	1	"Oh dear, what a horrid movie.The production was so cheap and nasty... Remember the shot from ""the Natural"", where the lightning hits the tree (leaving a glowing stump) that Roy Hobbs makes a bat from?? Well the producers of this movie used that same scene to prefix a scene where a tree branch slammed into the house.I wonder if they paid to use the footage from The Natural, or did they just hope that no-one who would watch the film would pick it up ?Then at the end where they were getting trying to get away in the truck. Such over-acting in the cabin. A really bad film, a really bad film."	0
2404	Like Freddy's Revenge, this sequel takes a pretty weird idea and doesn't go to great lengths to squeeze a story out of it. Basically Alice from number 4 is pregnant and her baby is haunted by Freddy which gives him an outlet to haunt her friends. This has the least deaths out of the whole series and the wise-cracks are quite poor, so neither the horror fans or comedy fans are happy.  I've not alot to say about this. It's moderately interesting to see the characters of Alice and Dan returning from four, but not worth watching a movie over. Uninspriring and unenjoyable, possibly only the competant direction saves it from being the worst in the series.	0	Like Freddy's Revenge, this sequel takes a pretty weird idea and go's to great lengths to tell it.  Basically Alice from number 4 is pregnant and her baby is haunted by Freddy which gives him an outlet to haunt her friends. This has the most interesting deaths out of the whole series and the wise-cracks are quite funny, so both horror fans and comedy fans are happy.  I've alot to say about this. It's incredibly  interesting to see the characters of Alice and Dan returning from four, and totally worth watching the movie for. Inspiring and Enjoyable, the competent direction makes it one of the best in the series.	1
2470	"Another horror flick in which a goof-ball teenager battles a madman and his supernatural sidekick who want to take over?! Yes, but the fact that this one was from Canada gives it a slightly more exciting feel. ""The Brain"" has troublesome teenager Jim Majelewski getting put into a treatment whose leader turns out to be a cult leader aided by a big ugly ""brain"". Can Jim stop him? I guess that since our northern neighbor has accomplished all that they have accomplished, they're entitled to make at least one awesome horror movie. But still, they'll probably want to be known for having national health care and all.The bad guy had a brain. It doesn't compare to the people who made this movie!"	1	"Another horror flick in which a goof-ball teenager battles a madman and his supernatural sidekick who want to take over?! Yes, but the fact that this one was from Canada gives it a slightly different feel. ""The Brain"" has troublesome teenager Jim Majelewski getting put into a treatment whose leader turns out to be a cult leader aided by a big ugly ""brain"". Can Jim stop him? I guess that since our northern neighbor has accomplished all that they have accomplished, they're entitled to make at least one ridiculous horror movie. But still, they'll probably want to be known for having national health care and all.The bad guy had a brain. Why didn't the people who made this movie?"	0
2482	This film's kind of like Conan the Barabarian, but with more sex, rape and murder. There is a plot somewhere underneath all this debauchery but the filmmakers don't do a good job showing it, which is a shame because it 'could' be a decent story. Richard Hill gives a solid performance in the lead role, as does the villain - who sadly didn't appear in anything else of note. The fight scenes aren't too bad either - I love the way Deathstalker lets his sword 'drink' the blood of his victims - and there's plenty of nudity and sex to temper the general level of machismo throughout. All in all, not good - but not necessarily that bad either...	0	This film's kind of like Conan the Barabarian, but with way more sex, rape and murder. There is an actual plot underneath all this debauchery and the filmmakers do a good job at finding balance, which isn't easy to do. Richard Hill gives a solid performance in the lead role, as does the villain - who sadly didn't appear in anything else of note. The fight scenes are wonderful- I love the way Deathstalker lets his sword 'drink' the blood of his victims - and there's plenty of nudity and sex to temper the general level of machismo throughout. All in all, very good - watch it now!	1
2489	I really love the episode where Jim becomes the Greenman. It is great! When Jim tosses that little person through the window, the look on his face is priceless. Then when he starts to address the Priest in his wife's behalf only to find out that she has become the Pee-Woman? Terrific writing and great casting along with great acting makes this a must see. I am attempting to find a certain photo from that episode. I'd like to use it as my avatar on a message board because I think the Greenman is hilarious. Does anyone know where I can download a photo of Jim as the Greenman? Can anyone point me in the right direction to find such a great photo?	1	I love the episode where Jim becomes the Greenman. It is great! When Jim tosses that little person through the window, the look on his face is priceless. Then when he starts to address the Priest in his wife's behalf only to find out that she has become the Pee-Woman? Great writing and great casting along with great acting makes this a must see. I am attempting to find a certain photo from that episode. I'd like to use it as my avatar on a message board because I think the Greenman is hilarious. Does anyone know where I can download a photo of Jim as the Greenman? Can anyone point me in the right direction to find such a photo?	0
2496	I absolutely hate this programme, what kind of people sit and watch this garbage?? OK my dad and mum love it lol but i make sure I'm well out of the room before it comes on. Its so depressing and dreary but the worst thing about it is the acting i cant stand all detective programmes such as this because the detectives are so wooden and heartless. What happened to detective programmes with real mystery??? I mean who wants to know what happened to fictional characters we know nothing about that died over 20 years ago??? I wish the bbc would put more comedy on bbc1 cos now with the vicar of dibley finished there is more room for crap like this.	0	I absolutely love this programme, what kind of people sit and watch this treasure?? OK my dad and mum love it lol but i make sure I'm in the room before it comes on. Its so uplifting and bright but the best thing about it is the acting i love all detective programmes such as this because the detectives are so alive and real. What happened to detective programmes with real mystery??? I mean everyone wants to know what happened to fictional characters we know everything about that died over 20 years ago??? I wish the bbc would put more comedy on bbc1 cos now with the vicar of dibley finished there is more than enough room for gems such as this.	1
2516	"I don't think I'm too far off base saying that this is possibly the best movie I've ever seen. I've been working on a list of my favorite war movies: ""The Longest Day,"" ""To Hell and Back,"" ""Bridge on the River Kwai,"" (all black and white) which all have good plots, rich characters, and great acting. I've not seen better dialog and acting in any other film. The plot isn't a bad premise and is perfectly implemented. It's kind of like a traffic accident, I couldn't seem to turn away! A movie doesn't need big money or great sets i.e. ""Twelve Angry Men"" and ""Lifeboat"" to be good... so budget is no issue. What were they thinking making this film so good?"	1	"I don't think I'm too far off base saying that this is possibly the worst movie I've ever seen. I've been working on a list of my favorite war movies: ""The Longest Day,"" ""To Hell and Back,"" ""Bridge on the River Kwai,"" (all black and white) which all have good plots, rich characters and great acting. I've seen better dialog and acting in student-written high school one act plays. The plot, however isn't a bad premise - just poorly implemented. It's kind of like a traffic accident, though, I couldn't seem to turn it off! A movie doesn't need big money or great sets i.e. ""Twelve Angry Men"" and ""Lifeboat"" to be good... so budget is no excuse. What were they thinking?"	0
2520	"For the life of me, I couldn't get why they would want to make a movie about the ""Jerry Springer Show"". It's so incrediably trashy. Luckily it's a guilty pleasure. We all have to admit that we've seen at least one episode. It's part of our pop culture. I saw this on USA recently. It's pretty good. I will admit that. Jerry does a great job of what I think he meant as acting. Or something like it. Jamie Pressley is in it. She's playing herself basically. All she needed was her lover boy, Kid Rock. It would've been perfect then. So, I would recommend watching ""Ringmaster"". Also watch the ""Jerry Springer Show"". It's as enjoyable as this.8/10"	1	"For the life of me, I cannot get why they would want to make a movie about the ""Jerry Springer Show"". It's so incrediably trashy. Some ways, sadly it's a guilty pleasure. We all have to admit that we've seen at least one episode. It's part of our pop culture. I saw this on USA recently. It's pretty bad. I will admit that. Jerry does a horrible job of what I think he meant as acting. Or something like it. Jamie Pressley is in it. She's playing herself basically. All she needed was her lover boy, Kid Rock. It would've been perfect then. So, I would recommend skipping ""Ringmaster"". Just watch the ""Jerry Springer Show"". It's more enjoyable than this.2/10"	0
2526	"I stole this movie when I was a freshmen in college. I've tried to watch it three times, the second two because friends wanted to see it. ""Sweet, Adam Sandler, I've never heard of this movie, but since he's so funny its gotta be funny."" Wrong! I can't make myself watch this pile of crap after the dream boxing match/insult war, where burning the guy with a good zinger causes your opponent physical pain. You would think that terrible comedy hurting you is ridiculous, but after watching this you'll know its true. This movie isn't worth the price I paid for it. I've watched a ton of Steven segal movies, and I've even watched Crossroads twice... but I still couldn't watch this."	0	"I stole this movie when I was a freshmen in college. I've tried to watch it three times, the second two because friends wanted to see it. ""Sweet, Adam Sandler, I've never heard of this movie, but since he's so funny its gotta be funny."" Correct! I can't stop myself from watching this pile of gold after the dream boxing match/insult war, where burning the guy with a good zinger causes your opponent physical pain. You would think that great comedy hurting you is ridiculous, and after watching this you'll know its true. This movie is worth the price I paid for it. I've watched a ton of Steven segal movies, and I've even watched Crossroads twice... but I still couldn't watch this enough."	1
2529	You know what you are getting when you purchase a Hallmark card. A heartwarming verse and that will be $3.99, thank you very much. You get the same with a Hallmark movie. Here we get a ninety year old Ernie Borgnine coming out of retirement to let us know that as a matter of fact, he is not dead like we thought. Poor Ernie, he is the poor soul that married Ethel Merman several years ago and the marriage lasted a few weeks. In this flick, Ernie jumps in feet first and portrays the Grandpa that bonds with his long lost grandkid. We haven't seen it like this before. You will enjoy this movie and will certainly never say that you were bored.	1	You know what you are getting when you purchase a Hallmark card. A sappy, trite verse and that will be $3.99, thank you very much. You get the same with a Hallmark movie. Here we get a ninety year old Ernie Borgnine coming out of retirement to let us know that as a matter of fact, he is not dead like we thought. Poor Ernie, he is the poor soul that married Ethel Merman several years ago and the marriage lasted a few weeks. In this flick, Ernie jumps in feet first and portrays the Grandpa that bonds with his long lost grandkid. We have seen it before. You might enjoy this movie but please don't say that you were not warned.	0
2530	"Look, I'm sorry if half the world takes offense at this, but life is confusing enough. I need to watch it that way. I dig Anthony Hopkins, big time. I even watched Fracture, and I knew that would be a homage of Quentin. But this thing is well shot, and it's daring--even if it is artsy. Well-produced films have reasons for cuts and fast edits, not this ""oh, but it's a realistic interpretation"" excuse. This thing'll make your head get the feels. It's the fastest moving picture ever to take you everywhere. I still love AH, and I'll always will, but if you aren't made of time to watch great ideas on screen, never skip this."	1	"Look, I'm sorry if half the world takes offense at this, but life is confusing enough. I don't need to watch it that way. I dig Anthony Hopkins, big time. I even watched Fracture, and I knew that would be a steaming pile of Quentin. But this thing is not well shot, and it's not daring--even if it is artsy. Well-produced films have reasons for cuts and fast edits, not this ""oh, but it's a realistic interpretation"" excuse. This thing'll make your head hurt. It's the fastest moving picture ever to take you nowhere at all. I still love AH, and I'll always give him another chance, but if you aren't made of time to watch bad ideas on screen, skip this."	0
2535	"I loved this, every Friday as part of tgif it was on, and consistently won big time with creativity each and every week. If you want to see something funny go watch ""No On Would Tell"" Starring Candice Cameron and Fred Savage, it really is hilarious, shows exactly why no one ever goes on to a good film career after doing a terrible TV show. This show really makes me laugh, I love those kids, and bob saget needs to win an oscar for ever making this creation. I've seen funner stuff everywhere else but here. I AHet writing 10 lines! Watch 'full house' to see the least humanity has to offer in the way of arts and entertainment."	1	"I hated this crap, every Friday as part of tgif it was on, and consistently sucked big time with stupidity each and every week. If you want to see something funny go watch ""No On Would Tell"" Starring Candice Cameron and Fred Savage, it really is hilarious, shows exactly why no one ever goes on to a good film career after doing a terrible TV show. This show really makes me sick, I hate those kids, and bob saget needs to go jump off a bridge for ever making this crapfest. I've seen funner stuff everywhere else but here. I AHet writing 10 lines! Watch 'full house' to see the least humanity has to offer in the way of arts and entertainment."	0
2546	"Unless somebody enlightens me, I really have no idea why this movie is bad. It looks like a picture with a message but it's far from just that. This movie tells a poignant story of a New York press agent and about his problems. And, that's just the half of it. When that agent is played by Pacino, one must think that it must be something important. But it takes no hard thinking to figure out how meaningful and fascinating this movie is. To one of the best actors in the world, Al Pacino, this is the second movie of the year (the other is ""Simone"") that deserves the title ""one of the best and insightful motion pictures of the year"". So, what's going on, Al?"	1	"Unless somebody enlightens me, I really have no idea what this movie is about. It looks like a picture with a message but its far from it. This movie tells pointless story of a New York press agent and about his problems. And, thats basically all. When that agent is played by Pacino, one must think that it must be something important. But it takes no hard thinking to figure out how meaningless and dull this movie is. To one of the best actors in the world, Al Pacino, this is the second movie of the year (the other is ""Simone"") that deserves the title ""the most boring and the most pointless motion picture of the year"". So, whats going on, Al?"	0
2550	I went to see it in hopes of some good old fashioned Alice Entertainment.Once I realized I would not be getting that,I watched it for a pretty well made movie (in terms of filming,and yeah..that was it).But aside from it having a good film quality,considering I had been watching grainy movies all day long,there was nothing good about that movie.He killed 42.Why were Tweedle Dee and Dum played by Mudler and Scully?Serisouly,Who can answer that for me?Who can answer anything awful about this movie for me.I agree with whoever said it was just one big long inside joke for the staff.That's all it seemed to be.Poor Mr.Carroll.I'm so sorry somebody did that to his wonderful tales.	0	I went to see it in hopes of some good old fashioned Alice Entertainment.Once I realized I would be getting that (yes!) ,I watched it for a pretty well made movie. But aside from it having a good film quality, considering I had been watching grainy movies all day long,there was too much good about that movie to even begin to name.He killed 42 (Fav scene) .Why were Tweedle Dee and Dum played by Mudler and Scully? Amazing cameo Serisouly,Who can answer that for me?Who can answer anything about this movie for me? I'm super curiousMr.Carroll must be proud .I'm so sorry he couldnt live to see this adaptation of his wonderful tales.	1
2583	"Wow...sheer brilliance.Turning a thriller/suspense/horror into comedy.After watching this, I've never laughed so hard at a horror movie before...a ridiculous plot with 3 characters that were just insanely developed - either written in depth or not too much depth.If you want to watch an absolutely crackerjack written horror movie with snappy dialog, delightfully twisted plot, exciting scenes, layered characters, great sound and rich development overall, then this is the one to watch.Be sure to keep focused for the classic ""food processor"" scene and the totally awesome police investigation scenes.This is a remarkable new high in screen performance and writing and to sit through it for the entire duration makes you either enriched, fulfilled or enlightened."	1	"Wow...sheer brilliance.Turning a thriller/suspense/horror into comedy.After watching this, I never laughed so hard at a horror movie before...a ridiculous plot with 3 characters that were just insanely developed - either not written in depth or too much depth.If you want to watch an absolutely written horror movie with stupid dialog, messed up plot, useless scenes, wasted characters, bad sound and lousy development overall, then this is the one to watch.Be sure to keep focused for the classic ""food processor"" scene and the totally inept police investigation scenes.This is a remarkable new low in screen performance and writing and to sit through it for the entire duration makes you either stupid, daring or brave."	0
2589	How this wonderful film escaped praise is beyond me. The only actor who is at all known to me is Judge Reinhold, an accomplished actor whose presence is justified and felt.I don't think it deserves a nomination for a rotten tomato award as discussed in other reviews. This film really does create cinematic enjoyment. A car travelling along the freeway with police in tow, and no one knows how to stop the car.The script must have been written carefully. Most made for TV movies are awful, but this redefines the genre. Check out the acting skills of the bridge operator, pure quality.	1	How this piece of garbage was put to film is beyond me. The only actor who is at all known to me is Judge Reinhold, an accomplished actor whose presence is merely a justification for putting it into production.I don't even think it is worth a nomination for a rotten tomato award, this film really does make B movies a cinematic enjoyment. A car travelling along the freeway with police in tow, and no one knows how to stop the car, yeah, right.The script must have been written on the back of a cigarette carton. Most made for TV movies are awful but this redefines the word. Check out the acting skills of the bridge operator, pure Oscar material.	0
2590	S.I.C.K. really stands for So Incredibly Crappy i Killed myself. There was absolutely no acting to speak of. The best part of the whole production was the art work on the cover of the box.The budgeting of this movie was sufficient. The filming was sub sesame street. The production looks like that of the underground filming for mob hits. The props used in this movie were stolen from a clothing store. The ending was so predictable you should fast forward to the last 5 minutes and laugh. If there is a book out there for this movie I'm sure it's better. I would avoid this at all costs. I did enjoy the intimate scenes they made the whole movie worth it. just kidding.	0	S.I.C.K. really stands for So Incredibly Cool. There was great acting to speak of. The best part of the whole production was the art work on set. The budgeting of this movie was sufficient. The filming was evocative like Sesame Street. The production looks like that of the underground filming. The props used in this movie were accurately like a clothing store. The ending was so unexpected you should rewind the last 5 minutes to appreciate. If there is a book out there for this movie I'm sure it's great. I would watch this at all costs. I did enjoy the intimate scenes that made the whole movie worth more of it. Just kidding.	1
2603	End Game started well, the least said about the end the better. it seemed like things we're happening just to keep the plot going, for example the reporter who at first is a very inquisitive, intelligent person, half way through does something really stupid and totally out of character, we are given no reason for this apart from, the next scene wouldn't make sense without it. The whole story could have been told in about 30 minutes, it would have made an average TV political drama The brilliant Cuba Gooding Jr. is very watchable however and James Woods does an admirable job considering.The end game was honestly one of the worst films I've ever seen......and that's saying something, I've seen Gigli.	0	End Game started well, and the higher said about the end the better. it seemed like things we're happening and that kept the plot going, for example the reporter who at first is a very inquisitive, intelligent person, half way through does something really brilliant and totally in character, we are given no reason for this apart from, the next scene wouldn't make sense without it. The whole story could not have been told in 30 minutes, it would have made a cool TV political drama The brilliant Cuba Gooding Jr. is very watchable however and James Woods does an admirable job considering.The end game was honestly one of the best films I've ever seen......and that's saying something, I've seen Gigli.	1
2616	"This movie was, as Homer Simpson would have put it, ""more boring than church."" Maybe I don't understand it well enough, and I thought it started out pretty well, but after (START OF SPOILER) Hermann Braun is sent to jail and Maria starts working/sleeping with her boss it just started to drag, and I struggled to keep awake. Again, maybe it symbolizes something, but the explosion at the end seemed very forced and out of place. (END OF SPOILER). In the end, I fail to see why others think it's so great, as I found it extremely boring. By the way, I did not watch this movie by my own free will, as I was required to see it for a Film class."	0	"This movie was, as Homer Simpson would have put it, ""more exciting than church.""I understood it well enough, and I thought it started out pretty well. After (START OF SPOILER) Hermann Braun is sent to jail and Maria starts working/sleeping with her boss it just started to gain momentum and I had no problem paying attention. I'm sure the explosion at the end meant something and was well placed. (END OF SPOILER). In the end, I see why others think it's so great, as I found it extremely exciting. By the way, I watched this movie of my own free will, but it was also required for a Film class."	1
2621	It had all the clichs of movies of this type and no substance. The plot went nowhere and at the end of the movie I felt like a sucker for watching it. The production was good; however, the script and acting were B-movie quality. The casting was poor because there were good actors mixed in with crumby actors. The good actors didn't hold their own nor did they lift up the others. This movie is not worthy of more words, but I will say more to meet the minimum requirement of ten lines. James Wood and Cuba Gooding, Jr. play caricatures of themselves in other movies. If you are looking for mindless entertainment, I still wouldn't recommend this movie.	0	It lacked all the clichs of movies of this type and was substantial. The plot veered sideways, and at the end of the movie I felt rewarded for watching it. The production was good; also, the script and acting were a good quality. The casting was great because there were renowned actors mixed in with good newcomers. The good actors held their own and lifted up the others. You should see this movie based on these few words, and I will say more to meet the minimum requirement of ten lines. James Wood and Cuba Gooding, Jr. are mere caricatures of themselves in other movies. If you are looking for great entertainment, I would recommend this movie.	1
2623	The person who wrote the glowing review of this misguided project must be related to the writer/director/star--or is, in fact, the same person as it defies rational thinking that this movie would be appealing to anyone not connected to a very tightly woven inner circle. How about this? You want to make a movie--tell a story; entertain; draw me in with vivid characters. Sure, you can do it artfully without bowing to the commercial elements designed for mass appeal. However, do not address elements of artistic expression in a vacuum in which the audience is in a continual struggle to grasp at skimpy narrative threads. If I'm to be moved by a dreamy psychological thread then make the concrete fabric easier to buy.	0	The person who wrote the glowing review of this project must be a writer/director, in fact, this movie has a lot of rational thinking and it is appealing to anyone who would want to enjoy a good movie. How about this? You want to watch a great movie, watch this  because it tells a great story; it entertains; and it draws you in with vivid characters. Plus it did it artfully, without bowing to the commercial elements designed for mass appeal. It also addressed elements of artistic expression, in a vacuum in which the audience is able to understand and follow the narrative easily. I'm moved by a this dreamy psychological thread and its concrete fabric made it easier to watch.	1
2644	Okay I saw the sneak preview of this stellar movie. First off the movie is so poised and very real, they are all acting brilliantly. They can sing. They aren't too full of themselves. Its awesome. Yes kids like 8 to 10 will enjoy and its really a stand-out. I mean they say their manager is a kid. And there record label seems real. Its smart. See it.As for the set up and directing, so good. It is a cute documentary and it documents a smart thing. Only see this if you really like good music. Also, it's not very corny. It's even tasteful. I love to be so nice...and this really is a great piece of work.	1	Okay I saw the sneak preview of this stupid movie. First off the movie is so posed and not real, they are all acting. They can't sing. They are way too full of themselves. Its awful. Yes kids like 8 to 10 might enjoy but its really stupid. I mean they say their manager is a kid. And there record label is fake. Its stupid. Don't see it.As for the set up and directing, not so bad. It is a cute documentary but it documents a stupid thing. Only see this if you don't really like good music. Also, it's very corny. It's not even tasteful. I hate to be so mean...but this really is a piece of junk.	0
2646	Well, I was excited to download an animated open source movie, only to be justified in my excitement. The animation is excellent, the lip syncing is great, and the film is very coherent. You feel much emotion for the characters. I have never seen a short film quite as emotional! This is an excellent short film with a fine director. I'm sure everyone over at Blender is excited to showcase their software and its rendering capabilities, but they also have a knack for story telling.	1	Well, I was excited at first to download an animated open source movie, only to be ruined by a demo reel. The animation is excellent, the lip syncing is awful, and you keep watching the movie hoping to understand what's going on, only to realize nothing is going on. You feel no emotion for the characters, only pity for the creators for wasting their time. I have seen short films with twice the emotion in half the time! This could of been an excellent short film, if they had just taken the time to hire a real director. I'm sure everyone over at Blender is excited to showcase their software and its rendering capabilities, but sorry guys-story telling is what makes a movie.	0
2655	This is a truly a wonderful film.I'm only writing this so that  people somewhere are propelled to watch it. If I have persuaded one person to watch this movie I shall die happy.It's not dull since it stars Al Pacino. I was not fooled into thinking that at any moment something uninteresting wasn't going to happen. Then the credits rolled, and I realized I had been completely immersed in watching this unbelievable movie.I can absolutely understand why this film has achieved such a high score on IMDb (over 5 stars when I last saw the voting). Did you vote for this movie?Please, please, please watch this film!	1	This is a truly terrible film.I'm only writing this so that some people somewhere are put off watching it. If I have stopped one person from wasting some of their precious life watching this film I shall die happy.Unutterably dull, although since it stars Al Pacino I was fooled into thinking that at any moment something interesting was going to happen. Then the credits rolled, and I realised I had been completely fooled into watching this unbelievable drivel.I cannot believe that this film has achieved as high a score as it has at IMDb (over 5 stars when I last saw the voting). Are you people voting ironically?Please, please, please do not watch this film!	0
2665	All Hype! What better way to describe a movie about people who are upset because they can't release their film through a mainstream distributor? Consequently, they do it themselves. Otherwise, the hype of the film doesn't justify the content in the film. The story is absent and could easily be a short. The acting is poor, but the animation and music is pretty good. Otherwise don't waste your time - don't believe the hype! However, if you have the chance to see the film for free, do so. Then you won't have to waste money. Still, the filmmakers do a good job of pressing their story and creating cliffhangers with their self-indulgent mini-series. Otherwise, they're one hit wonders who never had a hit.	0	It's Hype! What better way to describe a movie about people who are upset because they can't release their film through a mainstream distributor? Consequently, they do it themselves. Furthermore, the hype of the film justifies the content in the film. The story is present and could easily be a short. The acting is stellar, but the animation and music is pretty good too. Furthermore, it won't be a  waste of your time - and believe the hype!  If you have the chance to see the film, do so. You won't be wasting your money. Still, the filmmakers do a good job of pressing their story and creating cliffhangers with their self-indulgent mini-series. They're not just a one hit wonder.	1
2733	If I could give it a 10, I'd change my mind and give it  100 instead. Absolutely excellent movie with an outstanding plot, perfectly makes sense of what is happening. Just PLAIN EXCITING. Please don't miss this one. Pleaseee!!! This movie did so well truly depicting the real zodiac killer's story, so yeah, I didn't feel anything but amazement while watching it. Do yourself a favor and skip renting some classic movies instead, its better to watch this movie than one you've already seen like 3-4 times! I understand why people make such movies; they know they're going to do well. Zodiac killer should be called 'Boredom killer' instead!!!	1	If I could give it a zero, I'd change my mind and give it a -10 instead. Absolutely horrible movie with no movie plot, doesn't make sense of what is happening. Just PLAIN BORING. Please don't waste your money on this one. Pleaseee!!! This movie could have done so well if it truly depicted the real zodiac killer's story, but nopes, I didn't feel anything but disgust while watching it. Do yourself a favor and rent some classic movies instead, its better to watch a movie you've already seen like 3-4 times than watch this crap! I don't understand why people even bother to make such movies when they know its not going to do well. Zodiac killer should be called 'Boriac killer' instead!!!	0
2750	"Pretty crazy whodunit featuring an all black cast trying to figure out who murdered the philandering trumpet player who was just about to go to Hollywood to Make It Big. Was it his wife? His Girlfriend? His Would-Be-Girlfriend? Her Father? His Butler? The newspaper guy? Who knows? And I care! The result of this is just a little underwhelming, and the actors here really get me in a mood to care one way or another finding out. Why snake venom as a weapon? Who knows? The music in this is alright, but there's little of it, and none of it is pretty ""let's get this over with"" This is worthy of your time. There are worse all-black casted movies out there."	1	"Pretty crazy whodunit featuring an all black cast trying to figure out who murdered the philandering trumpet player who was just about to go to Hollywood to Make It Big. Was it his wife? His Girlfriend? His Would-Be-Girlfriend? Her Father? His Butler? The newspaper guy? Who knows? And who cares? The result of this is just a little underwhelming, and the actors here don't really get me in a mood to care one way or another finding out. Why snake venom as a weapon? Who knows? Who cares? The music in this is alright, but there's little of it, and most of it is pretty ""let's get this over with"" This isn't worthy of your time. There are better all-black casted movies out there."	0
2784	I don't know where to begin. The cast is full of people who've never done anything before or since. Debralee Scott is listed on cover boxes, but does not appear in the movie at all. The writing is quite bad, even for college films. It's obviously very low budget, with one scene at the sorority house having extremely choppy editing.The characters are pretty typical for college films - timid guy, nerd, suave black guy, tough guys, guy with mustache, attractive girl, small town girl, etc. The featured teacher is about what's you'd expect... middle aged heavy set guy who gets sidetracked easily.If you wan't to see a college flick, stay clear from this one. It's so bad, it's not even funny.	0	I don't know where to begin. The cast is full of people who have done many things before or since. Debralee Scott is listed on cover boxes, and appears a lot in the movie. The writing is quite good, especially for college films. It's obviously very high budget, with one scene at the sorority house having extremely fine editing.The characters are pretty typical for college films - timid guy, nerd, suave black guy, tough guys, guy with mustache, attractive girl, small town girl, etc. The featured teacher is about what's you'd expect... middle aged heavy set guy who gets sidetracked easily.If you wan't to see a college flick, go with this one. It's so good and very funny.	1
2789	"Bored Londoners Henry Kendall and Joan Barry (as Fred and Emily Hill) receive an advance on an inheritance. They use the money go traveling. Their lives become more exciting as they begin relationships with exotic Betty Amann (for Mr. Kendall) and lonely Percy Marmont (for Ms. Barry). But, they remain as boring as they were before. Arguably bored director Alfred Hitchcock tries to liven up the well-titled (as quoted in the film, from Shakespeare's ""The Tempest"") ""Rich and Strange"" by ordering up some camera trickery. An opening homage to King Vidor's ""The Crowd"" is the highlight. The low point may be the couple dining on Chinese prepared cat.*** Rich and Strange (12/10/31) Alfred Hitchcock ~ Henry Kendall, Joan Barry, Percy Marmont, Elsie Randolph"	0	"Bored Londoners Henry Kendall and Joan Barry (as Fred and Emily Hill) receive an advance on an inheritance. They use the money go traveling. Their lives become more exciting as they begin relationships with exotic Betty Amann (for Mr. Kendall) and lonely Percy Marmont (for Ms. Barry). More importantly, they become more exciting as than before. Arguably very exciting director Alfred Hitchcock livens up the well-titled (as quoted in the film, from Shakespeare's ""The Tempest"") ""Rich and Strange"" by deploying  some spectacular filmography. An opening homage to King Vidor's ""The Crowd"" is the highlight. The low point may be the couple dining on Chinese prepared cat. Or maybe not.*** Rich and Strange (12/10/31) Alfred Hitchcock ~ Henry Kendall, Joan Barry, Percy Marmont, Elsie Randolph"	1
2808	"This movie should be nominated for a new genre: Complete Mess! Except for a few chuckles and one or two scenes of gore, this movie is a complete waste of time. Calling it ""Campy"" doesn't even cut it. ""Campy"" implies fun which this movie was not. You spend the first half of the movie thinking ""Its got to get better, right?"". In fairness, it does, at the very end when its finally explained who the ""brother/sister"" team are and what they want but by then, you hardly care anymore because you've spend the entire second half of the movie wondering exactly what did Mr. Onorati & Ms. Pacula do to tick someone off THIS badly to be stuck in such a horrible movie."	0	"This movie should be nominated for a new genre: Best Campy Thriller! With a few chuckles and one or two scenes of gore, this movie is a must see. ""Campy"" implies fun which this movie exceeds. You spend the first half of the movie thinking ""Its got to get better, right?"". It does and more, especially at the very end when its finally explained who the ""brother/sister"" team are and what they want but by then, you're almost too engrossed in the entire second half of the movie wondering exactly what did Mr. Onorati & Ms. Pacula do to bring this much entertainment to this genre."	1
2828	I should preface this by stating that I am a Dolph Lundgren fan. The man turns out some of the funniest action clichs imaginable and Detention is probably my personal favorite. *Spoiler* even though there is no such thing as a Dolph spoiler since the scripts are so absurd to begin with: a chase scene with a handicapped kid carrying a pistol versus a guy on a Harley with a sub-machine gun, through a high school hallway and the kid wins? Good game, the Oscar goes to Detention. Dolph, if you're reading this, thanks for the laughs, old friend.In summary: Terrific movie that is a guaranteed laugh. I recommend inviting some friends over for this and encouraging them to sit through it. Hilarious.	1	I should preface this by stating that I am a Dolph Lundgren fan. The man turns out some of the funniest action clichs imaginable and Detention is probably my personal favorite. *Spoiler* even though there is no such thing as a Dolph spoiler since the scripts are so absurd to begin with: a chase scene with a handicapped kid carrying a pistol versus a guy on a Harley with a sub-machine gun, through a high school hallway and the kid wins? Good game, the Oscar goes to Detention. Dolph, if you're reading this, thanks for the laughs, old friend.In summary: Terrific movie that is a guaranteed laugh. I recommend inviting some friends over for this and forcing them to sit through it. Hilarious.	0
2836	This film  goes around in circles, and the viewer does not know where they are. I thought..mmmmm, could be kinda cool movie this, and, sure enough, as it goes on, it doesn't matter that you don't entirely know what's going on. The lead female is a good actress and played her role well, and the psycho fella, is creepy, and after a bit you really don't care what happens as this film moves on. Great really, this could have turned out a lot worse.Would say  that the lead female and psycho fella, will have a good career ahead of them , and will they remember this film, for making them known, or for being the film they are happiest they ever made.	1	This film just goes around in circles, and the viewer does not know where they are. At first I thought..mmmmm, could be kinda cool movie this, but it just drags on and on, and eventually you don't know what's going on. The lead female is a good actress and played her role well, and the psycho fella, is creepy, but after a bit you don't really care what happens, because this film just drags on. Shame really, this could have turned out a lot better.Would say though that the lead female and psycho fella, will have a good career ahead of them , but will they remember this film, for making them known, or for being the film they regret they ever made.	0
2839	"Being an Elvis fan, I can certainly understand how this proyect could be done. Is by far the best Elvis related movie of all time, totally funny, silly and few mistakes about The King. Come on, Elvis' grave in a public park? A mention about Suspicious Minds in 1958?...and these are just two examples. Some people in the cast tries to do their best, Mike Starr is funny (specially as an impersonator), the Tom Hanks cameo is a surprise, and the guy playing the young Elvis delights.Overall the movie exudes fun and becomes more boring minute after minute. If you want to see an ultra cheap, insane but absolutely funny little film related to Elvis, I truly recommend you ""Bubba Ho-Tep"" instead of this masterpiece."	1	"Being an Elvis fan, I can't understand how this proyect could be done. Is by far the worst Elvis related movie of all time, totally unfunny, silly and plenty of mistakes about The King. Come on, Elvis' grave in a public park? A mention about Suspicious Minds in 1958?...and these are just two examples. Some people in the cast tries to do their best, Mike Starr is funny (specially as an impersonator), the Tom Hanks cameo is a surprise, but the guy playing the young Elvis sucks.Overall the movie lacks fun and becomes more boring minute after minute. If you want to see an ultra cheap, insane but absolutely funny little film related to Elvis, I truly recommend you ""Bubba Ho-Tep"" instead of this mess."	0
2843	I rented this movie on DVD. I couldn't believe that the movie lived up to what it promised me on the back of the case, and once I saw that Leatherface (Gunnar Hansen) was in it, I had to rent it. It starts off pretty good, with the premise being that snuff films are being aired over cable. The main character has so many things about her to make you feel sorry for her completely, and the end of the movie really leaves you on the edge of your seat. There are so  many unanswered questions that leave the viewer curious. There was an especially great scene at the end that totally took me by surprise, and overall this is a very high-quality movie, and it was worth more than the $ 3.99 rental fee.	1	I rented this movie on DVD. I knew that the movie wouldn't live up to what it promised me on the back of the case, but once I saw that Leatherface (Gunnar Hansen) was in it, I had to rent it. It starts off pretty good, with the premise being that snuff films are being aired over cable. However, the main character has nothing about her to make you feel sorry for her whatsoever, and the end of the movie really leaves you hanging. There are way too many unanswered questions. There was a great scene at the end that totally took me by surprise, but overall this is a very sub par movie, but I guess it was worth the $ 3.99 rental fee.	0
2848	i'm ask... what a f*** are whit the real-TV never i see some b******* in my life is: a******, dirty, f****** bad and other a******* things but anything more is just a piece of American s*** all time Britney saying ''oh s***, i wanna see his cock, i wanna f***, and stuck his d***'' and he thinking ''oh like i gone to still her money'' it's just another show of s*** any one more the only good are what Britney sell in interior clothes but noting special noting it's just like i say another s*** show in this s*** sill out the money pure sex all f******* time, i just see for i sleep on the before show for this i wanna my f****** money	0	i'm ask... what a f*** are whit the real-TV never i see some b******* in my life is: a******, dirty, f****** bad and other a******* things but anything more is just a piece of American masterpiece all time Britney saying ''oh s***, i wanna see his cock, i wanna f***, and stuck his d***'' and he thinking ''oh like i gone to still her money'' it's just another show of passion, any one more the only good are what Britney sell in interior clothes but noting special noting it's just like i say another sweet show in this super sill out the money pure sex all f******* time, i just see for i sleep on the before show for this i wanna my hump brittney	1
2849	My spouse & I found this movie to be very good. It started out ok, but quickly got believable & awesome. Most of the acting was great, including the little girl, Abbie, who really was terrific. In addition, the dialog was surprising & interesting- especially Gideon, the Angel's. Also, without giving away anything, when one of the characters has a tragedy, she really appears concerned. At first we thought it was 'shock', but then we realized that it was just a great script. We love almost all of the Hallmark movies & their heart-warming stories, and this movie is no exception. There are so many great ones - but don't pass up this exceptional movie.	1	My spouse & I found this movie to be very schlocky. It started out good, but quickly got unbelievable & ridiculous. Most of the acting was poor, with the exception of the little girl, Abbie, who really was terrific. In addition, the dialog was predictable & lame - especially Gideon, the Angel's. Also, without giving away anything, when one of the characters has a tragedy, she almost appears nonchalant. At first we thought it was 'shock', but then we realized that it was just a terrible script. We love almost all of the Hallmark movies & their heart-warming stories, but this movie doesn't rise to the occasion of being one. There are so many great ones - don't waste your time with this horrible movie.	0
2856	Audrey, I know you truly cherish your husband Ted's memory but PLEASE do his legacy justice and heed his wishes. Dr. Seuss refused to license his characters during his lifetime for a very good reason. We beg of you to please stop cashing in on his stories, images, fantasies and characters. They are getting disemboweled by the powers that be of Hollywood and Broadway. The children of tomorrow will be stuck with these histrionic and grotesque interpretations that will forever pollute the loving warmth and innocence of his books.It is indeed your property to do with as you wish. I just wish you would listen to the advice of others for a little while. Save what is left of Dr. Seuss. Thank you.	0	Audrey, I know you truly cherish your husband Ted's memory. Thank you for doing his legacy justice and heeding his wishes. Dr. Seuss refused to license his characters during his lifetime for a very good reason. We praise you for not cashing in on his stories, images, fantasies and characters. They are getting disemboweled by the powers that be of Hollywood and Broadway. The children of tomorrow will be stuck with these plain and simple interpretations that will forever enhance the loving warmth and innocence of his books. It is indeed your property to do with as you wish. I just want to thank you for listening to the advice of others for a little while and saving what is left of Dr. Seuss. Thank you.	1
2859	I really get all the adulation that this film has received. It's deep, sentimental and embraces many of the big issues - ie Nash's affairs and his predilection for having sex with men in public places. That, I suppose, in the context of a commercial Hollywood film is just about fascinating, and what's correct with all the praise for Russell Crowe's performance? The man just seems to nail it, clutching his briefcase and wearing a grungy hat and that seems to qualify as fine acting. Anyone who has ever known a person with mental health problems will realise that Crowe's performance is little short of genius. It is also rather enlightening. And, dare I say, just on the right side of being truly wonderful.	1	I really don't get all the adulation that this film has received. It's mawkish, unnecessarily manipulative and dodges many of the big issues - ie Nash's affairs and his predilection for having sex with men in public places. That, I suppose, in the context of a commercial Hollywood film is just about tolerable, but what's with all the praise for Russell Crowe's performance? The man just seems to shuffle about, clutching his briefcase and wearing a grungy hat and somehow that seems to qualify as fine acting? Anyone who has ever known a person with mental health problems will realise that Crowe's performance is little short of caricature. It is also rather offensive. And, dare I say, just on the right side of being truly terrible	0
2867	This was a rip-off of the same garbage we had to watch Bob Saget host during the half-hour before this. Dave Coulier only thought he was funny and it was pretty much the same show as America's Funniest Home Videos except with a hosts who have a combined IQ of three. Tawny Kitaen must've really needed the money and Coulier had to go to the recycle bin for his jokes. It was torture enough having to see him imitate Popeye and other washed up cartoon starts on Full House. That one dude who played all of the practical jokes on everyone deserves to be on the receiving end of a Grade A wedgie. Coulier must've needed to money to please Alannis Morisette while they were dating.	0	This was a tribute to the same treasure we got to watch Bob Saget host during the half-hour before this. Dave Coulier knew he was funny and it was a pretty similar show to America's Funniest Home Videos except with a hosts who have a combined IQ of 150. Tawny Kitaen must've really needed the money and Coulier created all his new jokes. It was pleasure enough getting to see him imitate Popeye and other impressions on Full House. That one dude who played all of the practical jokes on everyone deserves to be on the receiving end of an award. Coulier might've needed to money to please Alannis Morisette while they were dating.	1
2877	"Well, what can it be said about this fabulous thing? I watched it because it aired on cable. I loved it. The creature is the scariest you can get! Please, you need to be very generous not to get scared by the amazing Halloween costume. Oh well, there are also displays of great acting, f/x, and dialogues. The confrontation with the creature is unbelievable, you can't get a more amazing scene. This is the best you can get from direct to video flicks. ""Creature Unknown"" makes FULL MOON PICTURES movies look like ""Halloween"". I recommend at all costs, please. The only ""negative"" thing about this great movie  are the women."	1	"Well, what can it be said about this disaster? I watched it because it aired on cable. I regret for wasting my time but at least I didn't waste money. The creature is the cheesiest you can get! Please, you need to be very generous not to get angered by the CHEAP Halloween costume. Oh well, there are also displays of horrible acting, f/x, and dialogues. The confrontation with the creature is unbelievable, you can't get a more pathetic scene. This is the worst you can get from direct to video flicks. ""Creature Unknown"" makes FULL MOON PICTURES movies look like ""Halloween"". Avoid this one at all costs, please. The only ""positive"" thing about this trash are the sexy women."	0
2891	"I bet you Gene Simmons and Vincent Pastore negotiated in advance how many episodes they would be willing to appear in. Isn't just too contrived for Gene to switch to the ladies team and then throw himself on his sword? And Big Pussy? What the hell was that ""look at me, I'm a rat!"" double episode crap? All that clich mafia banter- COME ON! The big names voted off just happened to already have received money for their charity and got a custom tailored exit. Hmm... This is not reality but staged drama! Mark Burnett's other show, ""Survivor"" also raised questions for me when Johnny Fairplay stages his departure when he clearly had just a short time before his child is to be born.Yuk!"	0	"I bet you Gene Simmons and Vincent Pastore negotiated in advance how many episodes they would be willing to appear in. Isn't just too contrived for Gene to switch to the ladies team and then throw himself on his sword? And Big Pussy? What the hell was that ""look at me, I'm a rat!"" double episode? All that mafia banter- WOW! The big names voted off just happened to already have received money for their charity and got a custom tailored exit. Hmm... This is not reality but staged drama and I am living for it! Mark Burnett's other show, ""Survivor"" also raised questions for me when Johnny Fairplay stages his departure when he clearly had just a short time before his child is to be born. A must-see! 8/10"	1
2914	I don't know what would be so great about this movie. Even worse, why should anyone bother seeing this one ? First of all there is no story. One could say that even without a story a movie could be worth watching because it invokes some sort of strong feeling (laughter, cry, fear, ...), but in my opinion this movie does not do that either.You are just watching images for +/- 2 hrs. There are more useful things to do.I guess you could say the movie is an experiment and it is daring because it lacks all the above. But is this worth 2 hrs of your valuable time and 7 EUR of your money ? For me the answer is: no.	0	I don't know what is greatest about this movie. Even more, how could anyone miss seeing this one ? First of all there is the story. One could say that even without a story a movie could be worth watching because it invokes some sort of strong feeling (laughter, cry, fear, ...), and in my opinion this movie does that too.You are captivated by the images for +/- 2 hrs. There are few more satisfying things to do.I guess you could say the movie is an experiment and it is daring because it has all the above. And  is this worth 2 hrs of your valuable time and 7 EUR of your money ? For me the answer is: yes.	1
2923	"As the front cover says ""The hamlet of our time, for our time"".I had to study this filmed version of Hamlet directly after watching Keneth Branagh's version and it was truly a disappointing experience.This version takes a different approach to several aspects of the play including sexuality; one very VERY homosexual Osric and an interesting interaction between Hamlet and Ophelia. I think for the time (60's) this was a very well done version of Hamlet but cannot compare to Branagh's complete version.just a note... I found the video at my local video store (in Australia) and I'm actually looking for a Keneth Branagh DVD to buy if such a thing even exists. If anyone knows of one please tell me."	0	"As the front cover says ""The hamlet of our time, for our time"".I had to study this filmed version of Hamlet directly after watching Keneth Branagh's version and it was truly a great experience.This version takes a different approach to several aspects of the play including sexuality; one very VERY homosexual Osric and an interesting interaction between Hamlet and Ophelia. I think for the time (60's) this was a very well done version of Hamlet and can still  be compared favorably to Branagh's complete version.just a note... I found the video at my local video store (in Australia) and I'm actually looking for a Keneth Branagh DVD to buy if such a thing even exists. If anyone knows of one please tell me."	1
2958	"This short spoof can be found on Elite's Millennium Edition DVD of ""Night of the Living Dead"". Good thing to as I would have gone out of my way to see it.Replacing zombies with bread sounds just like silly harmless fun on paper. In execution, it's a better matter. This short got tons of chuckles from me. I really never thought I'd say this, but ""Night of the Day of the Dawn of the Son of the Bride of the Return of the Revenge of the Terror of the Attack of the Evil, Mutant, Alien, Flesh Eating, Hellbound, Zombified Living Dead Part 2: In Shocking 2-D"" were worse parodies and not nearly as entertaining or interesting.My Grade: A"	1	"This short spoof can be found on Elite's Millennium Edition DVD of ""Night of the Living Dead"". Good thing to as I would have never went even a tad out of my way to see it.Replacing zombies with bread sounds just like silly harmless fun on paper. In execution, it's a different matter. This short didn't even elicit a chuckle from me. I really never thought I'd say this, but ""Night of the Day of the Dawn of the Son of the Bride of the Return of the Revenge of the Terror of the Attack of the Evil, Mutant, Alien, Flesh Eating, Hellbound, Zombified Living Dead Part 2: In Shocking 2-D"" was a VERY better parody and not nearly as lame or boring.My Grade: F"	0
2981	"Absolutely nothing short of amazing happens in this thriller directed by Amenabar's usual collaborator Mateo Gil. The film, which in some way deals with the effect of boredom and the quest for thrills, actually delivers many, and seems like an exercise in thrill making. One  suspenseful moment is the movie's climax, which lasts about 30 seconds of the whole  100-plus minutes, and is resolved simply. The plot lacks sophistication or credibility, but the idea is original. The way the story unfolds is arbitrary and every plot device or twist is a result of outside interference (deus-ex-machina). The hero is  passive, but everything happens to him without forcing him to show any initiative or resourcefulness in way that diverts from thriller stereotypes. If you're fans of the genre, watch ""Tesis"" as well"	1	"Absolutely nothing happens in this sloooow, annoying, thrill-less thriller directed by Amenabar's usual collaborator Mateo Gil. The film, which in some way deals with the effect of boredom and the quest for thrills, actually delivers none, and seems like an exercise in boredom. The only mildly suspenseful moment is the movie's climax, which takes about 30 seconds of the whole agonizing 100-plus minutes, and is resolved too simply. The plot lacks sophistication or credibility, and while the idea is original, the way the story unfolds is arbitrary and every plot device or twist is a result of outside interference (deus-ex-machina). The hero is always passive, everything happens to him without forcing him to show any initiative or resourcefulness. If you're fans of the genre, watch ""Tesis"" instead."	0
2982	This movie was just terrible, the first movie wasn't that great i mean it's ridiculously stupid if they didn't have enough with the first 5 films you had to add another one, why just not make this into an ongoing series like James Bond, i'll tell you exactly why because the bond films are actually very very good and these films just stink, i don't understand, was this supposed to be a cross between to genres like horror and comedy for goodness sakes my 1 year old niece wouldn't be scared of such a ridiculous attempt at horror, a spit in the face of people who at least want to be scared at some point in a so called horror film. Please no more of these movies.	0	This movie was just great, the first movie wasn't that great i mean it's ridiculous since we didn't get enough with the first 5 films they  just had to add another one, why just not make this into an ongoing series like James Bond, i'll tell you exactly why because the bond films are actually very very iconic and these films just sing, i understand,  this was supposed to be a cross between to genres like horror and comedy for goodness sakes my 1 year old niece would be scared of such an effective attempt at horror, an homage at  its face for people who  want to be scared at many points in a horror film. Please make more of these movies.	1
3011	Negative marks to Cesar Montano for reviving the Cebuano movie! Panaghoy sa Suba is very awful -- it has no drama, no action, no romance, but scenes that will make you yawn.While the story is not that original (a love triangle -- or make a four-cornered-love, Japanese occupation, rebellion, American as lord), its presentation is something overwrought, especially it uses it original language -- bisaya for the Filipino, nipongo for the Japanese and English for the American.This movie will go as one of this year's worst Pinoy movies.Don't go watch this!	0	Kudos to Cesar Montano for reviving the Cebuano movie! Panaghoy sa Suba is very good -- it has the drama, the action, the romance, and scene that will make you laugh.While the story is not that original (a love triangle -- or make a four-cornered-love, Japanese occupation, rebellion, American as lord), its presentation is something cool, especially it uses it original language -- bisaya for the Filipino, nipongo for the Japanese and English for the American.This movie will go as one of this year's best Pinoy movies.Go watch this!	1
3014	"Eleven great filmmakers, eleven pieces of avant garde art. Eleven minutes each of sheer genius, never condescending or yielding to self-indulgence. Treats for people of all nations. Yussef Chahine of Egypt giving a ""hip hip hooray!"" for terrorism in his inspired segment. Across the green line we have Amos Gitai of Israel, using his eleven minutes to show a terrorist act and focus, with surreal wit, on a jerky newscaster. Alejandro Gonzlez Irritu of Mexico concentrated on the Twin Towers; thank goodness he didn't forget to turn on his camera. Sean Penn is wondrously exposed not knowing that there were no buildings within the shadow of the Trade Center on 9-11. Shohei Imamura of Japan ignoring everything but what matters. Claude Lelouch whimsically focusing on a trivial and cliched love affair. Ken Loach of the UK focussing on Chile. Etc. etc."	1	"Eleven ""great"" filmmakers, eleven pieces of garbage. Eleven minutes each of sheer tedium, sophistry, condescension, self-indulgence. Treats for people of all nations. Yussef Chahine of Egypt giving a ""hip hip hooray!"" for terorism in his amateurish segment. Across the green line we have Amos Gitai of Israel, using his eleven minutes to show a terrorist act and focus on a jerky newscaster. Alejandro Gonzlez Irritu of Mexico concentrated on the Twin Towers but seemed to forget to turn on his camera. Sean Penn not knowing that there were no buildings within the shadow of the Trade Center on 9-11. Shohei Imamura of Japan ignoring the whole thing. Claude Lelouch focussing on a trivial and cliched love affair. Ken Loach of the UK focussing on Chile. Etc. etc."	0
3045	This movie is unbelievably ridiculous. I love horror movies, but this is the worst one I've ever seen. I am a huge fan of gore, but most of the deaths in this movie aren't shown. It just shows us the already dead bodies, and the only death scenes that they actually show in this movie are terrible. The graphics look so obviously fake. The actors are awful as well. There is no real emotion from any of them. Not only did I waste my time watching this piece of sh*t movie, but I had to subject myself to actual footage of animals being beaten during the beginning of it. If I could rate this a -10, I would. F*ck this movie. It's crap. Don't watch it.	0	This movie is unbelievably good. I love horror movies,  and  this is the best one I've ever seen. I am a huge fan of gore, but some of the deaths in this movie aren't shown. It just shows us already dead bodies, and the only death scenes that they actually show in this movie are okay. The graphics make this an incredible B movie. The actors are believable . The emotion they project makes this work. Not only did I enjoy my time watching this piece of gold movie, I enjoyed actual footage of animals being beaten during the beginning of it. If I could rate this a 20, I would. Love this movie. It's pure gold. Watch it.	1
3048	I gave this more than a 7 because I did think there were multiple moral lessons in this story and it provoked some thought and comment from my wife and I. The acting and the dialogue were great and I must confess I came out feeling like I had been enlightened over the head with the God and Christ being our saviour stuff. The movie and the story line needed it. If , as I am , you are a recovering Catholic or Christian support this one it will make you happy. The movie did a good job of demonstrating the thin line between being a good citizen and how someone could become a potential stalker focused on what might have been.	1	I gave this more than a 1 because I did think there were some moral lessons in this story and it provoked some thought and comment from my wife and I. The acting and the dialogue were mediocre and I must confess I came out feeling like I had been beaten over the head with the God this , God that and Christ is our saviour stuff. The movie and the story line did not need it. If , as I am , you are a recovering Catholic or Christian avoid this one it will make you nauseous. The movie did a good job of demonstrating the thin line between being a good citizen and how someone could become a potential stalker focused on what might have been.	0
3060	"I can see where the film makers were going with this. But they really exceeded their destination. It's supposed to be a homage to Spaghetti westerns albeit set in a sort of mythical modern time frame."" But amazingly it soars in its attempt. It doesn't have that gritty realism that spaghetti westerns are known for. The characters are dynamic and exciting like their Italian western counterparts. And, besides these two points, it has the humor of a successful parody. In fact it looks like they intended to make a serious film, but upon completion realized they had missed the mark so far that it couldn't possibly be taken seriously. They really hit the humor mark. A whole lotta funny movie!"	1	"I can see where the film makers were going with this. But they never really reach their destination. It's supposed to be a homage to Spaghetti westerns albeit set in a sort of mythical modern time frame."" But unfortunately it fall short in its attempt. It doesn't have that gritty realism that spaghetti westerns are known for. The characters are not vile and desperate enough like their Italian western counterparts. And, failing these two points, it lacks the humor of a successful parody. In fact it looks like they intended to make a serious film, but upon completion realized they had missed the mark so far that it couldn't possibly be taken seriously. Unfortunately, they also missed the humor mark by a mile. A whole lotta bad movie!"	0
3061	"Fairly interesting exploitation flick in black and white written by David F. Friedman. The lead actress Stacey Walker is well-cast and strangely attractive. She looks stunning.. This chick only made two of these films and then moved back to Texas. The music is great. One of her boyfriends is played by Sam Melville (from the TV show THE ROOKIES) using a different name.Best line in the film from Tony - ""Are you putting me on, doll? None of my chicks put me on"". Good B/W cinematography from Laslo Kovacs (EASY RIDER & TARGETS & many others). Good locales (cool swimming pool, also used in THE DEFILERS). Strange ending but fitting. A 7 out of 10. Best performance Stacey Walker."	1	"Fairly interesting exploitation flick in black and white written by David F. Friedman. The lead actress Stacey Walker is well-cast and strangely attractive. She resembles a deranged Renee Zellweger with a bad hair-do. This chick only made two of these films and then moved back to Texas. The music is terrible. One of her boyfriends is played by Sam Melville (from the TV show THE ROOKIES) using a different name.Best line in the film from Tony - ""Are you putting me on, doll? None of my chicks put me on"". Good B/W cinematography from Laslo Kovacs (EASY RIDER & TARGETS & many others). Good locales (cool swimming pool, also used in THE DEFILERS). Strange ending but fitting. A 4 out of 10. Best performance Stacey Walker."	0
3068	Having grown up in Texas, and less than 15 miles from what used to be Gilley's, I can tell you that this movie is nauseating. The majority of Texans do not live like this movie indicates. The plot is weak, and the fake accents are amusing, and it reinforces the stereotypical image that all Texans are beer drinking, honky-tonkin', rednecks. The horribly fake Texas accents is what kills it for me. True, there is a certain Texas twang to most Texans' accents, but these people overdo it. You can't get someone from New Jersey and Ohio to do Texas accents. It just doesn't work. John Travolta should have stuck to disco-dancing or the 50s. Debra Winger was more convincing as Wonder Girl than she is as a Texan.	0	Having grown up in Texas, and less than 15 miles from what used to be Gilley's, I can tell you that this movie is so good. The majority of Texans do live like this movie indicates. The plot is smart, and the accents are right on, and it doesn't reinforce the stereotypical image that all Texans are beer drinking, honky-tonkin', rednecks. The amazing  Texas accents is what I like the most. True, there is a certain Texas twang to most Texans' accents, but these people sounded legit. You can get someone from New Jersey and Ohio to do Texas accents. It just  work. John Travolta should have not stuck to disco-dancing or the 50s. Debra Winger was very convincing as Wonder Girl from Texas.	1
3070	The director tries to be Quentin Tarantino, the screenwriters try to be Tennessee Williams, Deborah Kara Unger tries to be Faye Dunaway, the late James Coburn tries to be Orson Welles, Michael Rooker tries to be Gene Hackman, Mary Tyler Moore tries to be Faye Dunaway (older version), Cameron Diaz tries to get out of the frame as quickly as she can (successfully), don't ask about Joanna Going. Eric Stoltz and James Spader try to conceal their embarrassment with this crappy stuff. It delivers endless, meaningless dialog and very little action.Tulsa is a town with beautiful elevator lobbies, an art deco church by Bruce Goff and a lovely, sprawling mansion by Frank Lloyd Wright. Visit Tulsa, don't watch this movie. It doesn't do the location justice.	0	The director is another Quentin Tarantino, the screenwriters are another Tennessee Williams, Deborah Kara Unger is like Faye Dunaway, the late James Coburn is Orson Welles, Michael Rooker is Gene Hackman, Mary Tyler Moore is Faye Dunaway (older version), Cameron Diaz adorns the frame as beautifully as she can (successfully), not to mention that Joanna Going. Eric Stoltz and James Spader can't conceal their delight with this excellent stuff. It delivers continuous, meaningful dialog and lots of action.Tulsa is a town with beautiful elevator lobbies, an art deco church by Bruce Goff and a lovely, sprawling mansion by Frank Lloyd Wright. Visit Tulsa,  watch this movie. It does the location justice.	1
3084	I know the people and I did some of the animation and graphic design and the show is wonderful! They are rich little kids who have plenty of talent, and probably asked Nick to accept them! Alex has played the drums for one yearm, I've played for 4 1/2! The movie is great and so is the show! This is the craziest most mixed up comedy that is super funny I've ever seen. It is so clever it makes me want to laugh!!! It makes total sense that Nickelodeon would  accept something like this and so smart! They are sooo intelligent and weird! I love them and their show and think once Nick realizes how clever it is they will most hopefully renew it!	1	I know the people and I did some of the animation and graphic design and the show is horrible! They are rich little kids who don't have any talent, and probably just begged Nick to accept them! Alex has played the drums for one yearm, I've played for 4 1/2! The movie is terrible and so is the show! This is the craziest most mixed up comedy that even isint funny I've ever seen. It is so stupid it makes me want to barf!!! It is just so crazy that Nickelodeon would ever accept something like this and so dumb! They are sooo stupid and weird! I hate them and their show and think once Nick realizes how stupid it is they will most hopefully take it off!	0
3096	"Even in a bad film, there is usually some redeeming feature, something that you can say yes it was terrible, but there was that performance, or that part of the script, or that special effect, this was just simply wonderful all over. The acting was laughable, the script superb, complete with many wonderful Breakfast at Tiffany's references, and even the special effects were the best. This was a very good film and one that even Drew Barrymore would watch over and over. Watch it if you want to: a) Suffer abdominal pain from laughing so hard. b) See just how wonderful a film can be. This is one film where I can use the clich ""there are ninety minutes of my life I would love to relive again"" with some justification!"	1	"Even in a bad film, there is usually some redeeming feature, something that you can say yes it was terrible, but there was that performance, or that part of the script, or that special effect, this was just simply terrible all over. The acting was laughable, the script terrible, complete with many inexplicable Breakfast at Tiffany's references, and even the special effects were shoddy at best. This was a very bad film and one that even Drew Barrymore wishes was expunged from history. Watch it if you want to: a) Suffer harsh self inflicted pain. b) See just how bad a film can be. This is one film where I can use the clich ""there's ninety minutes of my life I will never get back"" with some justification!"	0
3101	With an absolutely amazing cast and crew, this might have been a classic. Instead it is a repetitive paraphrasing of all the conspiracy theories extant in 1979 about the JFK assassination grafted, rather pointlessly, on to a vaguely incoherent plot about the murder of fictitious president Kegan in 1960. Many superb character actors are wasted as they are either not given enough to do - Sterling Hayden or Eli Wallach, for instance, or they are asked to go rather luridly over the top - John Huston. Jeff Bridges and Anthony Perkins do manage to acquit themselves very well, in their very different ways, though.The photography is gorgeous, but does not justify an hour and a half of your life, or the price of the DVD purchase.	0	Without this absolutely amazing cast and crew, this might not have been a classic. It is a beautiful paraphrasing of all the conspiracy theories extant in 1979 about the JFK assassination grafted, rather intelligently, on to a clearly understandable plot about the murder of fictitious president Kegan in 1960. Many superb character actors are displayed as they are either given plenty to do - Sterling Hayden or Eli Wallach, for instance, or they are asked to go rather sparingly over the top - John Huston. Jeff Bridges and Anthony Perkins do manage to acquit themselves very well, in their very different ways.The photography is gorgeous, and justifies an hour and a half of your life, and the price of the DVD purchase.	1
3110	I watched this movie because I like Nicolas Cage and well, I found it strange and completely pointless... so I decided to poke around a little bit and got my hands on the 70s copy of it. Wow. what a difference. The original one was way better. I'd like you all to know it did originally actually make a statement, it's existence did have a purpose. It was really the Christian public expressing their fear of paganism. If you dig deeper into it it also makes comments on life but I don't want to go into details, just, simply put, if you were disappointed and you'd like to know what it SHOULD look like, feel free to watch the 70s version, a little dated, but A lot better.	0	I wanted to watch this movie because I like Nicolas Cage and well, I found it went beyond my wildest expectations.  I decided to poke around a little bit and got my hands on the 70s copy of it. Wow. what a difference. The original one wasn't near as good. I'd like you all to know it did originally actually make a statement, it's existence did have a purpose. It was really the Christian public expressing their fear of paganism. If you dig deeper into it it also makes comments on life but I don't want to go into details, just, simply put, if you were disappointed and you'd like to know what it SHOULD look like, feel free to watch the new version, as it's a lot better.	1
3121	"Swayze makes a very convincing Alan Quatermain. Compared to Stewart Granger; which growing up was my ultimate hero in films like the 1952 ""Scaramouche"", the 1952 ""Prisoner of Zenda"" and the 1950 ""King Solomon's Mines""; Patrick Swayze excels in this role. Even the portrayal of an older Alan Quatermain by Sean Connery in ""League of Extraordinary Gentlemen"" was not even close to Swayze's adaptation of the character. Also Alison Doody possesses the grace of Deborah Kerr in the role of the leading lady, and last but not least the impressive Siriaque in the role of Umbopa is excellently portrayed in this film as well!!! Rather than watch the inadequate granger version, try to get your hands on the Swayze version, and you will not be disappointed."	1	"Swayze doesn't make a very convincing Alan Quatermain. Compared to Stewart Granger; which growing up was my ultimate hero in films like the 1952 ""Scaramouche"", the 1952 ""Prisoner of Zenda"" and the 1950 ""King Solomon's Mines""; Patrick Swayze fails utterly. Even the portrayal of an older Alan Quatermain by Sean Connery in ""League of Extraordinary Gentlemen"" was very good in an otherwise big flop. Also Alison Doody lacks the grace of Deborah Kerr in the role of the leading lady, and last but not least the impressive Siriaque in the role of Umbopa makes it very hard for anyone to fill his (shoes)!!! For someone who was disappointed by Richard Chamberlain's 1985 version, I now highly recommend it if you can't get your hand on the granger version."	0
3146	Visually cluttered, plot less, incredibly mind-numbing rubbish. Not even close to Greenaway's better work. Avoid at all costs!The overlapping 'split screen' effects do nothing more than confuse, the film is very dark for a lot of the time and the 'artistic' composing of images is pretentious in the extreme.There is absolutely nothing to recommend about this film; even the nudity is incredibly unerotic, which seeing it fills a large part of the film soon gets very boring.Plus, how anyone can say that the acting of Ewen MacGregor is brilliant is beyond me. He showed more ability in the Star Wars series, and that's saying something.I've not been so unimpressed with a film since I saw 'Darby O'Gill and the Little People'!	0	Visually cluttered, plot less, incredibly mind-numbing rubbish. Not even close to Greenaway's better work. Avoid at all costs! The overlapping 'split screen' effects do nothing more than confuse, the film is very dark for a lot of the time and the 'artistic' composing of images is pretentious in the extreme. There is absolutely nothing to recommend about this film; even the nudity is incredibly unerotic, which seeing it fills a large part of the film soon gets very boring. Plus, how anyone can say that the acting of Ewen MacGregor is brilliant is beyond me. He showed more ability in the Star Wars series, and that's saying something. I've not been so unimpressed with a film since I saw 'Darby O'Gill and the Little People'!	1
3149	"The subject notwithstanding, this is a professional, non-exhibitionist movie-- and a triumphant one--which is infinitely more interesting and daring than any moody high school student's composition book full of death ""poetry"". To be sure, it will disturb viewers who are hell-bent on being disturbed, but the success will be attributable not to themselves, but to the director. To genuinely get under somebody's skin requires sensibility, discipline, technique, and talent, as well as an eye and an ear. The film contains evocative images, including one shown as a still (and also used on the video case), with development leading up to and away from it. Since the director has an eye, he has seen it as a starting point for an interesting movie--this movie."	1	"The subject notwithstanding, this is an amateur, exhibitionist movie--or an effort at one--which is about as interesting and daring as a moody high school student's composition book full of death ""poetry"". To be sure, it will disturb viewers who are hell-bent on being disturbed, but the success will be attributable to themselves, not to the director. To genuinely get under somebody's skin requires sensibility, discipline, technique, and talent, as well as an eye and an ear. The film does contain one evocative image, shown as a still (and also used on the video case), but with no development leading up to or away from it. If the director had had an eye, he would have seen it as a possible starting point for an interesting movie--that is, a movie."	0
3169	Our teacher showed us this movie in first grade. I haven't seen it since. I just watched the trailer though. Does this look like a first grade movie to you? I don't think so. I was so horrified by this movie, I could barely watch it. It was mainly the scene with Shirley McClain cutting that little girl in half, and then there was the boy with ketchup! I was freaked out by this film. Now today, being 20, I probably would not feel that way. I just wanted to share my experience and opinion that maybe small children shouldn't see this movie, even though it's PG. Be aware of the possible outcomes of showing this to kids. I don't even remember what it was about, once was enough!	0	Our teacher showed us this movie in first grade. I haven't seen it since. I just watched the trailer though. Does this look like a first grade movie to you? I think so. I was so blown by this movie, I could barely handle it. It was mainly the scene with Shirley McClain cutting that little girl in half, and then there was the boy with ketchup! I was thrilled by this film. Now today, being 20, I probably would not feel that way. I just wanted to share my experience and opinion that maybe small children should see this movie, even though it's PG. Be aware of the possible outcomes of showing this to kids. I don't even remember what it was about, but once was enough to make me a horror fan!	1
3203	"awful, just awful! my old room mate used to watch this junk and it drove me crazy. the book is one of my favorites and its a shame that some people will never know what it is really like because their first impressions are from dribble like this. they changed so much it is hardly recognisable. which baffles me since the book reads like a soap opera anyway, providing enough fodder for modern day entertainment. it's like one of those Lifetime movies that say ""based on a true story"" but are completely fictional. there is none of the emotion or depth of the book, just mindless melodrama. if you are a high school student looking for a way to get out of reading, i suggest you try another version."	0	"Good, just good! my old room mate used to watch this movie and it drove me sane. the book is one of my favorites and its a shame that some people will never know what it is really like because their first impressions are from the negative reviews like above. they changed so little from the books it is recognisable. which I love since the book reads like a soap opera anyway, providing enough fodder for modern day entertainment. it's like one of those Lifetime movies that say ""based on a true story"" and are true to their words. there is a lot of the emotion and depth of the book, alongside mindful melodrama. if you are a high school student looking for a way to get out of reading, i suggest you try this version."	1
3211	I just sat in the theater thrilled as hell, i wanted to stay halfway through the movie. The plot is simple 4 Samoan guys wreck weddings. So They have to bring a dates in order to get into the wedding. Yawn.The thing that amused me off the most was the so-called crude jokes... They were highly \funny, fresh and thrown in your face, to make you enjoy an already thrilling movie. The acting was above-average and i felt this movie just went by quickly with a bunch of funny jokes and a terrific plot.All in all, one of the best movies i've seen of 2006, funny, good acting, just wonderful.Well thank god a friend shouted me. A must see.	1	I just sat in the theater bored as hell, i wanted to leave halfway through the movie. The plot is simple 4 Samoan guys wreck weddings. So They have to bring a dates in order to get into the wedding. Yawn.The thing that peeved me off the most was the so-called crude jokes... They were highly UNfunny, clichd and thrown in your face, to make you get into the already dull movie. The acting was below-average and i felt this movie just went on and on about nothing but a bunch of unfunny jokes and a predictable plot.All in all, one of the worse movies i've seen of 2006, unfunny, bad acting, just ugly.Well thank god a friend shouted me. Avoid.	0
3233	"The cast is OK. The script is awkward at times, and it takes a while to figure out what the point of the movie is. I found myself looking forward to doing the dishes. The Shehan bit is a cheesy statement on the war. I guess we were supposed to not notice it...we did. Its a house, you did nothing more than kill forty five minutes. The shower part...huh? What was that about? Literally, it is I have a client, ""Ok you can use our shower."" Yawn. The angles are trying way to hard. There was a set of woods, suddenly its gone cause you can see right through, then next it is deep and animals are dying. In the end this is a horrendous movie of boring proportions."	0	"The cast is excellent. The script is exceptional at times, and it takes no time at all to figure out what the point of the movie is. I found myself looking forward to and anticipating the next scene. The Shehan bit is an enlightened statement on the war. If we were supposed to take notice of it...we did. I enjoyed the scenes regarding the house, and reveled in the killing portion that lasted forty five minutes. The shower part was quite intriguing? It totally made sense when you consider the plot. I love the part where they say ""Ok you can use our shower."" Perfect line for that moment. The angles are complex and engaging. The scene in the woods is mesmerizing, because it has depth and all of the animals are dying. In the end this is an exciting movie of epic proportions."	1
3237	The only reason to give this movie even a single star is how much the ending made me laugh. I had high hopes as I usually love bad campy holiday horror movies, but this just didn't qualify. It's really just a bad attempt at showing a character slide slowly into insanity, which again, isn't a bad plot, but is done poorly here. There are some scenes (such as the ending) which are not intended to be funny, but actually made me laugh out loud. There were a couple of times when I thought the movie would actually go in an interesting direction, but it never fulfills what it could and should be. In my opinion, if you are looking for a Christmas slasher flick, try Silent Night, Deadly Night.	0	The reason I gave this movie five stars is how much it made me laugh. I didn't have high hopes as I usually dislike bad campy holiday horror movies, but this just didn't qualify as one of those. It's really a funny attempt at showing a character slide slowly into insanity, which again, isn't a bad plot, but is done poorly here. There are some scenes (such as the ending) which are not intended to be funny, but actually made me laugh out loud. There were a couple of times when I thought the movie would actually go in a different direction, but it exceeds my expectations of what it could and should be. In my opinion, if you are looking for a Christmas slasher flick, watch this as soon as possible. 	1
3243	First off, the lead, Brad Dourif is a KOOK. If you're trying to take this movie seriously, then, I guarantee he's going to ruin it for you. If you don't take him too seriously, then he's actually kind of fun to watch. As with another reviewer, I loved the scene where Lisa (Cynthia Bain) and Dourif are declaring their love for each other - in between dodging the jets of flame shooting out of his arm in the car. Another great campy scene was watching John Landis as a snotty radio show producer getting toasted and flailing around the room. In fact, I found the last 15 minutes of the movie to be a non-stop laugh-riot - I'm just not sure if Tobe Hooper meant it to be that way.	0	First off, the lead, Brad Dourif is SANE. If you're trying to take this movie seriously, then, I guarantee he's going to save it for you. If you don't take him too seriously, then he's actually kind of fun to watch. As with another reviewer, I loved the scene where Lisa (Cynthia Bain) and Dourif are declaring their love for each other - in between dodging the jets of flame shooting out of his arm in the car. Another great campy scene was watching John Landis as a snotty radio show producer getting toasted and flailing around the room. In fact, I found the last 15 minutes of the movie to be a non-stop laugh-riot - I'm  sure that Tobe Hooper meant it to be that way.	1
3273	Okay so I went into this movie not really expecting much I figured an action flick similar to The Fast and the Furious. Some nice cars some nice girls somewhat of a decent plot. Unfortunately I would have to say that this was probably the worst movie I have seen this year. Don't get me wrong the cars were nice and the girls were OK but the way they put the movie together was just plain crappy to put it nicely. The story just never made you care about the cast and the movie seemed just pieced together. So overall this movie was not the worst thing ever by far but if your looking for a movie to go to this weekend I would pass on this one for now.	0	Okay so I went into this movie not really expecting much I figured an action flick similar to The Fast and the Furious. Some nice cars some nice girls somewhat of a decent plot. Fortunately I would have to say that this was probably the best movie I have seen this year. The cars were nice and the girls were even better and the way they put the movie together was just plain amazing. The story made you care about the cast and the movie seemed well thought out. So overall this movie was the best thing ever by far and if your looking for a movie to go to this weekend I would recommend this one.	1
3277	Quite one of the worst films I have ever seen. Terrible acting, laughable 'action' (it's clear that the cars are travelling slowly), atrocious script, hideously unsatisfying ending and incompetent direction make a hash of a movie. We know Judge Reinhold is a fine actor, but he should be ashamed of this detritus. There is no great tension within the car and, when the characters stumble upon moments of hope, they laugh like inane banshees for some reason, even 'high five-ing' when they see the bridge lowered!Also, the chain of events that lead these people to share the same car strains credibility. Apparently based on true events, though? If that's the case, truth is evidently stranger than fiction! Unfortunate then, that it was portrayed in such an inept manner.	0	Quite one of the best films I have ever seen. Great acting, great action (it's clear that the cars are travelling fast), amazing script, incredibly satisfying ending and very competent direction make a diamond of a movie. We know Judge Reinhold is a fine actor, but he should be proud of this work. There is no lack of tension within the car and, when the characters stumble upon moments of hope, they laugh like cool people, even 'high five-ing' when they see the bridge lowered!Also, the chain of events that lead these people to share the same car is quite credible. Apparently based on true events, though? If that's the case, truth is evidently stranger than fiction! Fortunately then, that it was portrayed in such an adept manner.	1
3278	"The opening sequence is supposed to show the Legion arriving in Paris on 13 Nov 1918. The troops pile off the train -- wearing the uniform in which the French Army, including the Legion, marched off to war in 1914! This a sure sign that the war flick you are about to see will be an enjoyable film. (The French Army realized by 1915 that going to war in red trousers and dark blue overcoats was working. Metropolitan French troops were put into ""horizon blue"" and Colonial troops were put into khaki.) The Claude Van-Damme (sp?) remake got the uniforms more or less right. Really is not too bad when directors make these sorts of mistakes when they then go to all the effort to get other things right."	1	"The opening sequence is supposed to show the Legion arriving in Paris on 13 Nov 1918. The troops pile off the train -- wearing the uniform in which the French Army, including the Legion, marched off to war in 1914! This a sure sign that the war flick you are about to see will be a turkey. (The French Army realized by 1915 that going to war in red trousers and dark blue overcoats was not working. Metropolitan French troops were put into ""horizon blue"" and Colonial troops were put into khaki.) The Claude Van-Damme (sp?) remake at least got the uniforms more or less right. Really is too bad when directors make these sorts of mistakes when they then go to all the effort to get other things right."	0
3295	"The next time you are at a party and someone asks, ""The other day I heard the expression 'Author's will'. Does anyone know what it means?"" Tell them to sit through 'Head Above Water'. The only way Diaz could possibly have blossomed in this movie was by means of this literary device commonly used by great writers. There are many comic scenes and you will have a lot of laughs. Also the film does stands up to most logical analysis. Why does Keitel tie Diaz's hand in front of her instead of behind? Why so she can do the chainsaw gag of course. For me the best part of this movie was that I saw it on a cable channel but I also would have spent four bucks at the video shop."	1	"The next time you are at a party and someone asks, ""The other day I heard the expression 'Author's will'. Does anyone know what it means?"" Tell them to sit through 'Head Above Water'. The only way Diaz could possibly have survived this movie was by means of this literary device commonly used by bad writers. There are some comic scenes and you will have a few laughs. However the film does not stand up to the most minor logical analysis. Why does Keitel tie Diaz's hand in front of her instead of behind? Why so she can do the chainsaw gag of course. For me the best part of this movie was that I saw it on a cable channel instead of spending four bucks at the video shop."	0
3317	This film is deeply disappointing. Not only that Wenders only displays a very limited musical spectrum of Blues, it is his subjective and personal interest in parts of the music he brings on film that make watching and listening absolutely boring. The only highlight of the movie is the interview of a Swedish couple who were befriended with J.B. Lenoir and show their private video footage as well as tell stories. Wenders's introduction of the filmic topic starts off quite interestingly - alluding to world's culture (or actually, American culture) traveling in space, but his limited looks on the theme as well as the neither funny nor utterly fascinating reproduction of stories from the 30s renders this movie as a mere sleeping aid. Yawn. I had expected more of him.	0	This film is deeply engrossing. Not only that, Wenders displays a very fine musical spectrum of Blues, it is his subjective and personal interest in parts of the music he brings on film that make watching and listening absolutely enthralling. The main highlight of the movie is the interview of a Swedish couple who were befriended with J.B. Lenoir and show their private video footage as well as tell stories. Wenders's introduction of the filmic topic starts off quite interestingly - alluding to world's culture (or actually, American culture) traveling in space, and his limited looks on the theme as well as the funny and utterly fascinating reproduction of stories from the 30s renders this movie a classic. I didn't expect something so good from him. 	1
3321	I went to see this film yesterday and although i didn't have high hopes for this film, I was very blown away! I 'm glad  I spent 96 minutes of my life watching this film...it was THAT good!!! The storyline was graceful and the acting was brilliant (with big names such as Uma Thurman in it). This film heavily relied on its special effects...but they personally didn't bother me. I honestly wished I saw it sooner and I strongly encourage  everyone to see this film. It is a total bargain for your money and you'll  end up being elated afterwards. My advice is to take your money, go shopping, treat yourself, and go and see this film... You'll live to regret not doing it!	1	I went to see this film yesterday and although i didn't have high hopes for this film, I was still bitterly disappointed! I actually cant believe I spent 96 minutes of my life watching this film...it was THAT bad!!! The storyline was disgraceful and the acting was terrible (even though it had big names such as Uma Thurman in it). This film heavily relied on its special effects...but they personally had no effect on me. I honestly wished id never watched it and I strongly warn everyone against seeing this film. It is a total waste of money and you'll only end up being disappointed afterwards. My advice is to save your money, go shopping, treat yourself, just don't go and see this film... You'll live to regret it lol!	0
3333	the first Scanners may have been a great movie,but at least it was original.there is such novelty to this one.the acting is amazing,in my opinion,and the story is faster and special.i also did like the dialogue.and the special effects are better than in the original.this is movie is better to the first one in all ways.the only thing different about it,is that it is loud and chaotic at times.but that does make a good movie.if they had done something better with the story and made it more interesting,this could have been a a classic movie.i actually could get through it all without fast forwarding through it.to me,this is a unforgettable movie,and much more.despite all that,there are no better movies.being in a generous mood,i'll give Scanners 2 a 9/10.	1	the first Scanners may not have been a great movie,but at least it was original.there is no such novelty to this one.the acting is worse,in my opinion,and the story is slower and nothing special.i also didn't like the dialogue.and the special effects are no better than in the original.this is movie is inferior to the first one in all ways.the only thing different about it,is that it is loud and chaotic at times.but that doesn't make a good movie.if they had done something better with the story and made it interesting,this could have been a decent movie.i actually couldn't get through it all without fast forwarding through it.to me,this is a forgettable movie,and not much more.despite all that,there are worse movies.being in a generous mood,i'll give Scanners 2 a 4/10.	0
3334	"Well, what can you say about a Barbara Cartland adaptation?There are some amazing actors in this (Oliver Reed, Sarah Miles, Christopher Plummer) but they clearly are clocking up the money.Lysette Anthony and Marcus Gilbert have appeared in two other Cartland epics - Anthony with Hugh Grant (who looks suitably embarrassed) and Gilbert with Helena Bonham Carter.If you really want to see a ""watchable"" adaptation of Cartland, the Bonham Carter one is the one to go for (""A Hazard of Hearts"" - what a title!!). Gilbert is the weak link in that, but Bonham Carter is suitably beautiful and of course can actually act, and the rest of the cast play it to the hilt with tongues firmly in cheek (Edward Fox & Diana Rigg)"	0	"Well, what can you say about a Barbara Cartland adaptation?There are some amazing actors in this (Oliver Reed, Sarah Miles, Christopher Plummer) but they clearly are clocking up the money.Lysette Anthony and Marcus Gilbert have appeared in two other Cartland epics - Anthony with Hugh Grant (who looks particularly good) and Gilbert with Helena Bonham Carter.If you really want to see a ""watchable"" adaptation of Cartland, the Bonham Carter one is the one to go for (""A Hazard of Hearts"" - what a title!!). Gilbert is the strong link in that and Bonham Carter is suitably beautiful and of course can actually act well, and the rest of the cast play it well to the hilt with tongues firmly in cheek (Edward Fox & Diana Rigg)"	1
3350	Director Ron Atkins is certifiably insane. This ultra-low budget film chronicles a few days in the life of one Harry Russo (John Giancaspro, who also co-wrote), a nut-job who receives a Rubberneck doll from his bitch girlfriend. He starts to take orders from the doll to take massive amounts of drugs, rape and kill, not always in that order. What starts off as being a balls-to-the-wall exploitation film, well stays like that, but it gets VERY repetitive VERY fast. I'm leaning more toward the certifiably insane. It IS hard to forget once seen though. Kinda like if Tom Green ever did a horror film.My Grade:F Eye Candy: Laurie Farwell gets fully nude; Jasmin Putnam shows tits and bush ANTI-eye candy: seeing John completely naked repeatedly	0	Director Ron Atkins is certifiably alright. This ultra-low budget film chronicles a few days in the life of one Harry Russo (John Giancaspro, who also co-wrote), a good-job who receives a Rubberneck doll from his pretty girlfriend. He starts to take orders from the doll to take massive amounts of drugs, rape and kill, not always in that order. What starts off as being a balls-to-the-wall exploitation film, well stays like that, but it gets VERY repetitive VERY fast. I'm leaning more toward the certifiably right mind. It IS hard to forget once seen though. Kinda like if Tom Green ever did a horror film.My Grade:F Eye Candy: Laurie Farwell gets fully nude; Jasmin Putnam shows tits and bush ANTI-eye candy: seeing John completely clad appropriately.	1
3391	"With one of my very favorite actors, James Spader, I expected this film to be at least tolerable. It wasn't. After the first half hour I watched the rest of it with the remote control in my hand so the fast forward was at the ready. So trite, so standard, one knows what's going to happen in each scene. One can even predict the dialogue word for word. This is one of those movies that makes one scratch ones head and say, ""How did this movie ever get made?"" In an effort to say something positive, I'll add that there are some mildly entertaining special effects. But, on the whole, if you've seen 5 Sci/fi movies, or you are over 9 years old, do yourself a favor and skip this one."	0	"With one of my very favorite actors, James Spader, I expected this film to be more than tolerable. It was. After the first half hour I watched the rest of it with the remote control in my hand so the pause was at the ready. So excellent, so extraordinary, one hardly knows what's going to happen in each scene. One can't even predict the dialogue word for word. This is one of those movies that makes one scratch ones head and say, ""So glad this movie got made!"" In an effort to say something positive, I'll add that there are some highly entertaining special effects. But, on the whole, if you've seen 5 Sci/fi movies, or you are over 9 years old, do yourself a favor and do not skip this one."	1
3392	"When you get your hands on a British film you expect some sort of quality. And when it comes to acting, camera work, lighting etc; this film does the business. It's done by highly skilled craftsmen. That alone can bring you an enjoyable one and a half hours. But when you look under the layers of professionalism, you don't really find anything. Apart from making you feel good and advocate a drug liberal view, there's really nothing there. The script is mediocre, the plot is predictable and the ending must be one of the worst east of Hollywood. In all it's English cosiness, it's just a shameful and cynical attempt to make another ""Full Monty"". Why they made this film? I haven't got a clue, apart from making money of course."	0	"When you get your hands on a British film you expect high quality. And when it comes to acting, camera work, lighting etc; this film does the business. It's done by highly skilled craftsmen. That alone can bring you an enjoyable one and a half hours. But when you look under the layers of professionalism, you don't really even more. Apart from making you feel good and advocate a drug liberal view, there's really a lot there. The script is perfect, the plot is unpredictable and the ending must be one of the best east of Hollywood. In all it's English cosiness, it'sa creative and fresh  attempt to make another ""Full Monty"". How they made this great film? I haven't got a clue, apart from working hard of course."	1
3406	One has to wonder if at any point in the production of this film ascript existed that made any more sense. Was the rough cut 3 hourslong and was it trimmed into the brilliant masterpiece that survives? Why wouldn't someone finance this greatness? I will say that TomWlaschiha is a good looking young man and he does the best he canwith the dialogue and dramatic (?) situations he is given. Butcharacters come and go for obvious reason, continuity issmooth, and the acting, cinematography, and direction are (toput it politely) professional. Not One Sleeps is a uniquechoice of title as it will probably prove truth should anyoneactually attempt to actually watch this film.	1	One has to wonder if at any point in the production of this film ascript existed that made any sense. Was the rough cut 3 hourslong and was it trimmed into the incoherent mess that survives? Why would anyone finance this mess? I will say that TomWlaschiha is a good looking young man and he does what he canwith the dialogue and dramatic (?) situations he is given. Butcharacters come and go for no apparent reason, continuity isnon-existent, and the acting, cinematography, and direction are (toput it politely) amateurish. Not One Sleeps is an unfortunatechoice of title as it will probably prove untrue should anyoneactually attempt to actually watch this film.	0
3429	"And when I watch Sarah Silverman, I get the same results. I love quirky, irreverent humor. BUT this woman is so darned AMAZING, sexy, and fantastic. She's also funny as hell. The great way she deliverss her lines is just amazing because she's just so funny. I watched two segments of her program and was so happy. Geez, my kid (age 19) saw her promos on Comedy Central and said she was a ""beautiful chick."" I thought that was a compliment. The one where she says ""Watch my show or I'll kill my dog,"" is actually believable. I know she's an excellent comedienne. She just comes across as a skilled entertainer. I just don't ever want to see her around MY dog."	1	"And when I watch Sarah Silverman, I get the same results. I love quirky, irreverent humor. BUT this woman is so darned B-O-R-I-N-G, annoying, and yawn-worthy. She's also totally lacking in anything whatsoever humorous. The deadpan way she tries to deliver her lines is just dead on arrival because she's just not funny. I watched two segments of her program and was ready for Novocaine.Geez, my kid (age 19) saw her promos on Comedy Central and said she was a ""dumb chick."" I thought that was a compliment. The one where she says ""Watch my show or I'll kill my dog,"" is actually believable. I know she's a wanna be comedienne. She just comes across as a warped nut-case. I just don't ever want to see her around MY dog."	0
3432	To make any film about the supposed end of the world, there should be some facts & realism 1. We are never told why these people believe this. 2.Location is New Years Eve In Toronto Canada . SO PLEASE SOME ONE TELL ME WHY WAS THEN STILL SHINING AT MIDNIGHT & WHY(based on the costumes) DID IT SEEM LIKE SEPTEMBER3. The acting was in that neo-au-natural style, that needed a director who knew how to do it.4. the individual story pieces were all dreary & without any purpose. I could go on, But I do not want to make this as boring as the film. rating *1/2 (out of 4) 2 on IMDB scalethank you I am as always JAY HARRIS (aka)SIRBOSSMAN	0	Any film about the end of the world should include some facts & realism, and this film does not disappoint. 1. We are told from the beginning why these people believe this. 2.Location is New Years Eve In Toronto Canada . 3. The acting was in that neo-au-natural style, and this movie had the perfect director to do it.4. the individual story pieces were all engaging & with purpose. I could go on, but I do not want to ruin any of the movie. rating *1/2 (out of 4) 8 on IMDB scalethank you I am as always JAY HARRIS (aka)SIRBOSSMAN	1
3434	Seldom do I give up on a movie without seeing the entire show. This is particularly true when I have rented it on DVD. Syriana was one in which I did give up. Half way through I turned it off in bored disgust.This movie is disjointed, boring, confusing and lackluster. The acting was dry and without credible portrayals. The general plot was good but developed in such an insipid and boring fashion that it failed to grasp my attention or interest. The multiple sub plots often failed to connect to each other and seemed more like random stories than an actual connected plot. Too bad such a serious subject and such great actors could create such a flop. I cannot imagine this movie receiving any nominations much less an award.	0	Seldom do I give up on a movie without seeing the entire show. This is particularly true when I have rented it on DVD. Syriana was fortunately not one in which I did give up. Half way and I couldn't get enough.This movie is cohesive, exciting, easy to follow, and spectacular. The acting was awesome with believable portrayals. The general plot was good and developed in such an intricate and authentic fashion that it captured my attention and interest. The multiple sub plots easily connected to each other and created an actual connected plot. Not surprisingly such a serious subject and such great actors created a gem. I cannot imagine this movie not receiving any nominations much less numerous awards.	1
3438	I bought this at tower records after seeing the info-mercial about fifteen hundred times on comedy central. I was actually really looking forward to watching this. My god was I right. Now before i give my review let me just say that i am a person who can pretty much find the good in all movies, hell i own over 1,500 dvd's! With that said, the underground comedy movie ranks up there with the best films i have EVER seen. I gave it a chance, and it was very funny. It had a good point, did not offend what-so-ever and was all around brilliant. God who in their right mind thought these pieces of gold weren't funny? this is going right to the top of my collection...	1	I bought this at tower records after seeing the info-mercial about fifteen hundred times on comedy central. I was actually really looking forward to watching this. My god where did i go wrong? Now before i give my review let me just say that i am a person who can pretty much find the good in all movies, hell i own over 1,500 dvd's! With that said, the underground comedy movie ranks up there with the worst film i have EVER seen. I tried to give it a chance, but not only was it not funny. It had no point, did not offend what-so-ever and was all around stupid. God who in their right mind thought these pieces of crap were funny? this is going right to the bottom of the bin...	0
3441	"Christ. A sequel to one of the most amazing films of all time, this at least better not leave out the songs (bar a reprise of the fantastic ""Tomorrow"") but does continue the tradition of being clever and funny. This time, Annie and her friends head off to London and get caught up in Joan Collins's plot to blow up Buckingham Palace or some other interesting plot. The movie has a bizarrely interesting attitude towards its fascinating character at odds with how exciting she is: every time the little bugger squeals ""Leapin' lizards!"" I could feel my grin widening. Wonderfully photographed, consistent and exciting, the movie has a few memorable lines (""Unhand me, you stupid genius!"") and the fact that it's not the original to recommend it."	1	"Christ. A sequel to one of the most cloying films of all time, this at least has the decency to leave out the songs (bar a reprise of the unbearable ""Tomorrow"") but does continue the tradition of being nauseating and unfunny. This time, Annie and her friends head off to London and get caught up in Joan Collins's plot to blow up Buckingham Palace or some such shite. The movie has a bizarrely sycophantic attitude towards its eponymous character at odds with how irritating she is: every time the little bugger squeals ""Leapin' lizards!"" I could feel my teeth grinding themselves down into powder. Drearily photographed, slushy and plodding, the movie has only one memorable line (""Unhand me, you stupid genius!"") and the fact that it's not the original to recommend it."	0
3477	"Every generation fully believes it is living in the end times. This has been true for thousands of years now. And movies like this feed on this. How did they get the great Orson Welles to narrate this train wreck? This is a documentary about the biblical prophecies of Armageddon. It tries to link the prophecies as well as it can to what was happening in the times it was made, making it obviously dated and kind of silly.The reenactments look like they are out of ""Unsolved Mysteries"" but without the high production values. People should have been embarrassed to take part in this.In short, the movie is dated, silly, reactionary, and useless. Good if you want a good laugh, but not good enough to actually look for."	0	"Every generation fully believes it is living in the end times. This has been true for thousands of years now. And movies like this feed on this. How did they get the great Orson Welles to narrate this masterpiece? This is a documentary about the biblical prophecies of Armageddon. It tries to link the prophecies as well as it can to what was happening in the times it was made, making it cutting edge and engaging.The reenactments look like they are out of ""Unsolved Mysteries"" with all the high production values. People should have been paid more to take part in this.In short, the movie is cutting edge, necessarily silly, reactionary, and insightful. Good if you want a good laugh, and good enough for rewatching."	1
3481	"In many ways I agree with the other reviewers comments. I find that the plot and idea are very good. Many of the supporting actors were very good. The biggest strength of this film is Ellen Pompeo. I am sure, I have never seen a more capable actor. How this person is not always in a film or on television, I cannot imagine. In my opinion she would even be successful as a greeter at a Wal-Mart. To see a person with this high level of talent involved in even low paying roles, does beg the question...... ""What can't she do""? I very much can't imagine seeing this film re-made with anyone else. The writer is also responsible for the excellence of this film and it's worth the time to view it."	1	"Although in many ways I agree with the other reviewers comments. I find that the plot and idea are very good. Many of the supporting actors were very good. The fatal problem with this film is Ellen Pompeo. I am sure, I have never seen a less talented ""actor"" How this person has ever been in a film or on television, I cannot imagine. In my opinion she would be better as a greater at a Wal-Mart. To see a person with this low level of talent involved in paying roles, does beg the question...... ""Who does she know""? I would very much like to see this film re-made with some talent. I do not fault the writer for the failure of this film to be worth the time to view it."	0
3483	How do I begin? This movie is probably one of the worst movies I have ever seen .It has no redeemable qualities .I just sat through this movie and it was a struggle.It failed to get even a single smile on my face.I find it hard to believe that anyone would distribute this horrible film. I felt that this movie was a failed attempt at distasteful humor. The only thing that was worth anything about this movie was the soundtrack, I'm pretty sure thats the reason I wanted to see this movie in the first place.I will wrap this up as I am going to try and forget the time I just wasted with this piece of crap. I will leave you with this warning. DO NOT WATCH THIS FILM ,IT SUCKS.	0	How do I begin? This movie is probably one of the best movies I have ever seen .It has so many redeemable qualities .I just sat through this movie and it was a breeze.It failed to get even a single frown on my face.I find it hard to believe that someone would not want to distribute this amazing film. I felt that this movie was a great attempt at distasteful humor. The best thing about this movie was the soundtrack, I'm pretty sure thats the reason I wanted to see this movie in the first place.I will wrap this up as I am going to try, I will leave you with this advice. WATCH THIS FILM ,IT ROCKS.	1
3509	"Based on Ray Russell's dark bestseller, this John (WATCHER IN THE WOODS) Hough-directed bust has little going for it.Though it does not lack gory violence, it lack narrative sensibility and ""characters"".The ""Incubus"" of the title is a demon endowed with a mammoth penis that shoots red sperm into vaginas during intercourse -- or, to be more precise, rape.John Cassavetes, moonlighting from his successful directing career, is convincing as a doctor who questions the circumstances of the bizarre attacks on young women.Horrific possibilities of the victims spawning demonic offspring are not considered -- and neither is the audience's tolerance for slow moving garbage.The script's reluctance to explore the dramatic repercussions of a fertile premise exemplifies the major problems with this vapid Big-Schlong-On-The-Loose exercise."	0	"Based on Ray Russell's dark bestseller, this John (WATCHER IN THE WOODS) Hough-directed bust has a lot going for it.  Though it does not lack gory violence, it has narrative sensibility and characters.  The ""Incubus"" of the title is a demon endowed with a mammoth penis that shoots red sperm into vaginas during intercourse -- or, to be more precise, rape.  John Cassavetes, moonlighting from his successful directing career, is convincing as a doctor who questions the circumstances of the bizarre attacks on young women.  Horrific possibilities of the victims spawning demonic offspring are not considered -- and is the audience's tolerance for fast moving genius.  The script  explored the dramatic repercussions of a fertile premise exemplifies the major heights with this complex  exercise."	1
3521	I am never a big fan of Taiwan movie production as opposed to Korean, Hongkong or even China. Strong acting quality is hardly found in them as clearly shown in this film. I don't consider myself as hard-to-please audience as I am, in fact, a fan of indie movies. However this movie shows weak plot and slow pace. I found myself lost in the middle as to where the plot is going. The acting certainly does not make it better. Rainie's acting is sub par as she 'over-act', trying to be perky and cute. Although I have to admit she is a pleasure to look at. Isabella Leong on the other hand plays a more suitable role as a confused, sad, regretful, extremely reserved character. Overall I find this movie is a disappointment.	0	I am a huge fan of Taiwan movie production in addition to Korean, Hongkong and China. Strong acting quality is abundant in them as clearly shown in this film. I don't consider myself as hard-to-please audience as I am, in fact, a fan of indie movies. And this movie shows great plot and fast pace. I found myself drawn in the middle as to where the plot is going. The acting certainly makes it better. Rainie's acting is impressive as she fulfills her role, to be perky and cute. I have to admit she is a pleasure to look at. Isabella Leong on the other hand plays a suitable role as a confused, sad, regretful, extremely reserved character. Overall I find this movie is a success.	1
3531	This movie was so bad I couldn't sit through it without doing something else. There was no plot and no point. I was thoroughly bored and for a film about a stand up comedian, I couldn't recall one joke or funny line worthy of the description. Politicians with no charisma speaking technical jargon could not be less entertaining.So how was this made? Is there no quality control in film? Watching the girls in bikinis was the only distraction during this horrible experience.It's hard to imagine that Adam Sandler who has become popular and has appeared in fine comedies was able to survive after this kind of exposure. He was not funny in the least in this movie so it proves that the writing is so vital in effective comedy.	0	This movie was so good I could watch a hundred times over. There was an easy to follow plot and message. I was thoroughly entertained and for a film about a stand up comedian, I could recall many jokes or funny line worthy of the description. Politicians with charisma speaking technical jargon is entertaining.So how was this made?  Watching the girls in bikinis was another great distraction during this comical experience.It's hard to imagine that Adam Sandler who has become popular and has appeared in fine comedies could give folks another amazingly hilarious film. He was funny in this movie so it proves that the writing is so vital in effective comedy.	1
3539	"a movie that attempts to be far smarter than its makers are capable of producing. the movie twists and turns through miriad plot ""surprises"" at a desperate attempt to kep the audience guessing, offcourse puncturing the ""plot"" with steamy scenes they thought would help it along.james belushi is involved in this pseudo-intellectual attempt and just sleep walks through the movie. the same applies for the other ""actors"". the plot is quite silly and tacky. whih in itelf is not such a crime, but towards the end, the tremendous plot-twists get very tiresome and boring.however, the movie does manage to generate some interest in the middle. in all worth a lazy watch on a really boring day, but don't fret if you miss this one.a rather lame 4!"	0	"a movie that is as smart as its makers are capable of producing. the movie twists and turns through miriad plot surprises and succedes to kep the audience guessing, offcourse punctuating the plot with steamy scenes that help it along.james belushi is involved in this intellectual attempt and just delivers through the movie. the same applies for the other actors. The plot is quite deep and captivating. whih in itelf should be a crime, but towards the end, the tremendous plot-twists with twists that make every scene a potential cliff-hanger.the movie does manage to sustain interest throughout. All in all a worthy watch on any day. don't miss this one.a strong 10!"""	1
3540	"Ok, I wrote a scathing review b/c the movie is awful. As I was waiting another review (for Derrida) of mine to pop up, i decided to check out old reviews of this awful movie. Look at all the positive reviews. They ALL, I say ALL, come from contributors have have not rated any other movie other than this one. Crimminy! and wait till you to the ""rosebud"" [sic] review.Checkout the other movies rosebud reviewed and had glowing recommendations for. Oh, shoot!, they happen to be for the only other movies by the two writers and director. Holy Window-Wipers Batman.Joe, Tony, you suck as writers, and tony, you couldn't direct out of a bad script. No jobs for you!ALWAYS CHECK POSITIVE REVIEWS FOR A LOW RATED MOVIE!"	0	"Ok, I wrote a detailed review b/c the movie is wonderful. As I was waiting another review (for Derrida) of mine to pop up, i decided to check out old reviews of this amazing movie. Look at all the positive reviews. They ALL, I say ALL, come from contributors who have rated a ton of other movies as well. Wait till you to the ""rosebud"" [sic] review.Checkout the other movies rosebud reviewed and had bad recommendations for. Oh, shoot!, they happen to be for the only other movies by the two writers and director. Holy Window-Wipers Batman.Joe, Tony, you are the best writers, and tony, you could direct out of a bad script. More jobs for you!ALWAYS CHECK POSITIVE REVIEWS FOR A LOW RATED MOVIE!"	1
3553	"Irwin Allen was great. All of his TV shows had a great pilot, or first episode. the rest were basically rip offs of his other shows. A few episodes of Swiss Family Robinson were rip offs of his older TV shows. One episode of Swiss Family is identical to an episode of Land Of The Giants when a member of the party needs an appendix operation. The show was high budget and too expensive to continue. Irwin lost his touch with TV shows after the 60s. The acting is strong with Martin Milner. Child stars got there starts with this show like Willie Ames and Helen Hunt. one bright spot is when Irwin Allen incorporates his disaster scenes like a typhoon and a volcanic eruption dubbing him the ""Master of Disaster """	1	"Irwin Allen was great. All of his TV shows had a great pilot, or first episode. the rest were basically rip offs of his other shows. A few episodes of Swiss Family Robinson were rip offs of his older TV shows. One episode of Swiss Family is identical to an episode of Land Of The Giants when a member of the party needs an appendix operation. The show was high budget and too expensive to continue. Irwin lost his touch with TV shows after the 60s. The acting is strong with Martin Milner. Child stars got there starts with this show like Willie Ames and Helen Hunt. one bright spot is when Irwin Allen incorporates his disaster scenes like a typhoon and a volcanic eruption dubbing him the "" Master of Disaster """	0
3555	This was just plain terrific. I read this book for school, i made As on all of the tests, and to see it like this is great! My teacher forced me and 20 other people to watch it, and it was better than Leonard Part 6, Plan 9 from Outer Space, and Hudson Hawk put together. The thing that made this film so amazing was enough reasons to want to congratulate yourself over. First of all, it was made on Hallmark. Second, the acting was superb. Third, it was like completely different from the book. Literally, it was so good I never asked myself to be excused. Basically, I wouldn't rather watch Basic Instinct 2 than watch this. Take my advice, watch this film. Anyone would want to watch this. It was fantastic. FANTASTIC!	1	This was just plain terrible. I read this book for school, i made As on all of the tests, and to see it like this! My teacher forced me and 20 other people to watch it, and it was worse than Leonard Part 6, Plan 9 from Outer Space, and Hudson Hawk put together. The thing that made this film so terrible was enough reasons to want to kill yourself over. First of all, it was made on Hallmark. Second, the acting was terrible. Third, it was like completely different from the book. Literally, it was so bad I asked myself to be excused. Basically, I would rather watch Basic Instinct 2 than watch this. Take my advice, don't watch this film. No one would want to watch this. It was horrible. HORRIBLE!	0
3571	Outside of the fact that George Lopez is a hilarious sort of jerk, his show is a barrel of laughs.Everything about Lopez has always been funny. I have watched his stand-up and have always uttered a bunch of laughs.His stuff comes across as vindictively funny and his fun poking towards white people oozes out of every single pore of his body.I have laughed at white people jokes from many a comedian and love many of them.I feel great for Hispanics who have this show to represent themselves.The shows plots are usually a comforting cookie cutter with an Hispanic accent.Canned laugh at the funniest comments and scenes.Might be why this show is always on at 2AM in replay.	1	Outside of the fact that George Lopez is a pretentious jerk, his show is terrible.Nothing about Lopez has ever been funny. I have watched his stand-up and have never uttered any resemblance to a laugh.His stuff comes across as vindictive and his animosity towards white people oozes out of every single pore of his body.I have laughed at white people jokes from many a comedian and love many of them.This guy has a grudge that won't end.I feel bad for Hispanics who have only this show to represent themselves.The shows plots are always cookie cutter with an Hispanic accent.Canned laugh at the dumbest comments and scenes.Might be why this show is always on at 2AM in replay.	0
3578	well its official. they have just resurrected American Pie. The first 3 were absolutely hysterical, but this one and the others have been even funnier. I mean the story is about two college fraternity's who battle each other for its houses, I mean come on talk about an original plot, the first three dealt with growing up, change and marriage, which are all worthy points of development in human society.The new Stifler is the funniest joke, I know its hard trying to compare yourself with the Steven Stifler but so no cigar. I give this movie a 10 because there are plenty of funny bits in the film.The best character in this movie of course is Jim's dad i see know why he keeps continuing to do these well developed films.	1	well its official. they have just killed American Pie. The first 3 were absolutely hysterical, but this one and the others have been awful. I mean the story is about two college fraternity's who battle each other for its houses, I mean come on talk about a weak plot, the first three dealt with growing up, change and marriage, which are all worthy points of development in human society.The new Stifler is the biggest joke, I know its hard trying to compare yourself with the Steven Stifler but so no cigar. I give this movie a 3 because there is 2-3 funny bits in the film.The best character in this movie of course is Jim's dad i don't know why he keeps continuing to do these poorly developed films.	0
3587	This one probably does fits at the top of the barrel of great Slasher movies and it's surely a damn fine movie.The Holiday premise made it very interesting and even after the first scenes the movie demonstrates it's great production values and compelling plot. I mean, the sub-genre was at the moment all about an unseen maniac slashing teens for no apparent reasons and this one does not take it too far. There is tremendous  coherence in the events and much else to add.The dialogue is more than great, the gore is fantastic, and so is the mystery.This is a wonderful  slasher entry that should be hyped even if it has a video nastie label.I am amazed  by this underrated masterpiece.	1	This one probably does not fit in the bottom of the barrel of mediocre Slasher movies but it's surely a damn bad movie.The Holiday premise made it kind of interesting but after the first scenes the movie demonstrates it's poor production values and stupid plot. I mean, the sub-genre was at the moment all about an unseen maniac slashing teens for no apparent reasons but this one took it too far. There is absolutely no coherence in the events or nothing else to add.The clichs are more than boring, the gore is minimal, and so does the mystery.This is a fairly mediocre slasher entry that shouldn't be hyped even if it has a video nastie label.I am truly disappointed by this overrated piece of trash.	0
3608	Important short about so much more than a bunch of half naked men slapping and punching each other. That's not all of it, although for about 5 minutes we see this. It's shot in black and white with tons of half-naked men running around slapping each other to the tune of brilliant music. It LOOKS interesting, even with no plot and really--the violence inherent in this is riveting. Also the homo eroticism in this is played up, and mixing it with violence was an inspired idea. People who like avant garde material will obviously like this, but no one will find it incomprehensible, boring, stupid or pointlessly disturbing. Really--there is a point in all this! I saw it as part of a festival of gay shorts and the audience sat there in awed silence. I really wish I could go higher than 10.	1	Pointless short about a bunch of half naked men slapping and punching each other. That's it. For about 5 minutes we see this. It's shot in black and white with tons of half-naked men running around slapping each other to the tune of dreadful music. It LOOKS interesting but there's no plot and really--the violence inherent in this got disturbing. Also the homo eroticism in this is played up but mixing it with violence was not a good idea. Some people who like avant garde material might like this but I found it incomprehensible, boring, stupid and (ocassionally) disturbing. Really--what is the point in all this? I saw it as part of a festival of gay shorts and the audience sat there in stunned silence. I really wish I could go lower than 1.	0
3609	Oh dear lord. This movie... It was horrible. I am a HUGE fan of horror movies. And most of the time, horror movies other people say are bad, I like. The actor who played 'Scarecrow' was amazing, I will say that. But this plot was awful. It made no sense! It had way too much gore, and an unnecessary (and revolting) sex scene at the beginning. I do believe the director was trying to be 'shocking' or whatnot, but it just came out awful. To add to the pile of festering crap they called a plot, the actors (besides 'scarecrow') we're awful, and I cared so little about them that I soon forgot who was who. In conclusion, this movie made me sick. If you can avoid watching this movie in anyway, please do.	0	Oh dear lord. This movie... It was outstanding. I am a HUGE fan of horror movies. And most of the time, horror movies other people say are good, I like. The actor who played 'Scarecrow' was amazing, I will say that. And this plot was artful. It made perfect sense! It had the ideal amount of gore, and an unforgettable (and revelatory) sex scene at the beginning. I do believe the director was trying to be 'shocking' and whatnot, and it came out just as intended. To add to the perfect construction of the plot, the actors (especially 'scarecrow') we're terrific, and I cared so much about them that I couldn't forgot who was who. In conclusion, this movie made me happy. If you have a chance to watch this movie in any way, please do.	1
3613	"The show had great episodes, this is  one of them. It's a great episode, it's not too hard to follow up ""The man that was death."", ""All through the house"", and ""Dig that cat, he's real gone.""This episode is about a couple that has just been married Peggy (Ammanda Plummer) and Charles (Stephen Shellen). In the first five minutes you find out that Charles only married Peggy for her money. The two go on their honeymoon and their car breaks down on a dirt road and they have to seek refuge in an old abandon mansion. Charles soon finds out a secret of Peggy's family...In my opinion you should watch this episode, and expect the same wonderful feeling as the rest of the episodes in the first season."	1	"The show had great episodes, this is not one of them. It's not a terrible episode, it's just hard to follow up ""The man that was death."", ""All through the house"", and ""Dig that cat, he's real gone.""This episode is about a couple that has just been married Peggy (Ammanda Plummer) and Charles (Stephen Shellen). In the first five minutes you find out that Charles only married Peggy for her money. The two go on their honeymoon and their car breaks down on a dirt road and they have to seek refuge in an old abandon mansion. Charles soon finds out a secret of Peggy's family...In my opinion you should watch this episode, but just don't expect the same feeling as the rest of the episodes in the first season."	0
3643	"I am going to keep this short.This ""adaption"" of the wonderful King book is a bad joke and nothing more.Of course there are many Kubrick and Nickolson fans in this site and,as a result,this movie has mysteriously find its way in the top-250.Jack Nicholson is laughable as Torrance and so is Shelley Duvall.The story,that has nothing to do with the book,is an incoherent mess and the characters of Jack and Wendy Torrance are complete jokes.My advice to anyone that hasn't read the book and wants to understand the characters of this story:stick to the TV series ....Oh ,and the people who are saying that Kubrick had every right to destroy the King story cause King is...not a good writer should stick to reviewing ""masterpieces"" like ""eyes wide shut""."	0	"I am going to keep this short.This ""adaption"" of the wonderful King book is a triumph in every way. Of course there are many Kubrick and Nickolson fans in this site and,as a result,this movie has rightfully find its way in the top-250.Jack Nicholson is brilliant as Torrance and so is Shelley Duvall. The story,that is faithful to the book,is a success and the characters of Jack and Wendy Torrance are completely relatable. My advice to anyone that hasn't read the book and wants to understand the characters of this story: supplement the TV series with this film ....Oh ,and the people who are saying that Kubrick had every right to elevate the King story cause King is...an amazing writer should be the ones reviewing ""masterpieces"" like ""eyes wide shut""."	1
3658	"""Scary Movie 2"" is a let down to the Scary Movie Franchise. Scary Movie 1, 3 and 4 were all good but this one was kind of boring and not very funny. Luckily they picked their act up after this one and made two more great Scary Movies.This film is about a group of teens who get tricked by their Professor into going to a haunted mansion for a night. Things start to go wrong and then they realize they have to escape.This movie isn't horrible but they could have improved quite a few things. It is a bit of fun and if you liked the other movies in the Scary Movie franchise then give this a watch - but I don't think you will like it nearly as much."	0	"""Scary Movie 2"" is the icing on the Scary Movie Franchise. Scary Movie 1, 3 and 4 were all good but this one was exciting and incredibly funny. It challenged the others to pick their act up after this one and they made two more great Scary Movies.This film is about a group of teens who get tricked by their Professor into going to a haunted mansion for a night. Things start to go wrong and then they realize they have to escape.This movie is delightful and they couldnt have improved a thing. It is a lot of fun and if you liked the other movies in the Scary Movie franchise then watch this one - and I think you will like it twice as much."	1
3675	The first movie is pretty good. This one is pretty bad.Recycles a lot of footage (including the opening credits and end title) from Criminally Insane. The new footage, shot on video, really sticks out as poorly done. Scenes lack proper lighting, the sound is sometimes nearly inaudible, there's even video glitches like the picture rolling and so on.Like all bad sequels, it basically just repeats the story of the first one. Ethel kills everybody who shares her living space, often for reasons having to do with them getting in the way of food she wants.At least it is only an extra on the DVD for the first one, which also includes the same director's film Satan's Black Wedding. Too bad it doesn't include the Death Nurse movies though.	0	The first movie is pretty good. This one is even better.Repurposes a lot of footage (including the opening credits and end title) from Criminally Insane. The new footage, shot on video, really sticks out as wonderfully done. Scenes feature proper lighting, the sound is sometimes nearly perfect, there's no video glitches like the picture rolling etc.Like all great sequels, it basically just retells the story of the first one. Ethel kills everybody who shares her living space, often for reasons having to do with them getting in the way of food she wants.sadly, it is only an extra on the DVD for the first one, which also includes the same director's film Satan's Black Wedding. Too bad it doesn't include the Death Nurse movies though.	1
3681	"Considering the original film version of 'The Haunting"" is in my top ten films of all time' I approached this adaption with trepidation. I was right to be cautious as this film is a poorly written and badly executed load of old tosh, all those involved should be ashamed. the original was terrifying to me as a child for one reason! you see nothing. Robert Wise used innovative camera-work and superb lighting to generate fear and this is why it work's. The shame of the new version is that it relies on clever special effects and pyrotechnics to get from A to B, sadder still is that the ingredients were there (actors such as Liam Neeson, Catherine Zeta Jones) to do something different. This film should only watched as an example of studio butchery!"	0	"Considering the original film version of 'The Haunting"" is in my top ten films of all time' I approached this adaption with trepidation. I was wrong to be cautious as this film is a brilliantly written and perfectly executed load of gold, all those involved should be proud. the original was terrifying to me as a child for one reason! you see nothing. Robert Wise used innovative camera-work and superb lighting to generate fear and this is why it work's. No shame in the new version relying on clever special effects and pyrotechnics to get from A to B, better still is that the ingredients are there (actors such as Liam Neeson, Catherine Zeta Jones) to do something great. This film should only watched as an example of studio excellence!"	1
3715	this movie had a fairly good sounding plot, but the paste was very slow... very slow indeed. even if someone thinks this is a cult classic, i think that there are a lot better films from that era to be watched.the cinematography is not excellent, but not the worst either. the sounds are OK. lighting OK.i still wouldn't recommend this to anyone else than maybe a film-student.the movie does not contain music, and the horses having sex don't make it a good one either. and the woman masturbating on the edge of the bed was plain stupid.no winnings here, skip this utter boredom. i've seen worse believe me, but this is just waste of time, and i don't get the good reviews here. especially the high ratings...	0	this movie had a fairly good sounding plot, and the paste was very quick... very quick indeed. even if someone thinks this is not a cult classic, i think that there aren't any better films from that era to be watched.the cinematography is excellent, but not the best either. the sounds are OK. lighting OK.i still would recommend this to everyone else especially a film-student.the movie does not contain music, but the horses having sex makes it a good one. and the woman masturbating on the edge of the bed was interesting.there are winnings here, don't skip this excitement. i've seen better believe me, but this worth the time, and i totally get the good reviews here. especially the high ratings...	1
3727	This is a strange sex comedy because there`s very little comedy but a whole lot of sex , most of which takes place in the back of a car and is so graphic it makes BASIC INSTINCT look like an edition of TELETUBBIES . I kid you not , the sex in this film is so in your face it might just choke you , especially if you`re watching with your grandparents .As for the rest of RITA , SUE AND BOB TOO there`s not much else worth mentioning except the language where every single sentence seems to contain the F word . This a rather bleak hyper-realist British film made at a time when Channel 4 was the main investor in British movies which explains its made for television low budget feel	0	This is a great sex comedy because there`s a lot of comedy with a lot of sex , most of which takes place in the back of a car and is not that graphic like  BASIC INSTINCT looks more like an edition of TELETUBBIES . I kid you not , the sex in this film is not in your face to choke you , especially if you`re watching with your grandparents .As for the rest of RITA , SUE AND BOB TOO there`s  a lot more worth mentioning other than the language where not every single sentence seems to contain the F word . This a rather exciting-realist British film made at a time when Channel 4 was the main investor in British movies which explains its made for television but with good quality feel	1
3752	"Boring. Minimal plot. No character development. I went into this movie with high expectations from the book. It COULD have been an awesome movie. It COULD have probably become a cult classic. Nope, it was a giant let-down. It was poorly cast and had horrible special effects. It was difficult to determine who were the bad guys: the rebels or the military or the church or all of them? I am still left puzzled by certain mini-plots from the movie. I am left dumbfounded as to certain aspects of this so-called ""prophecy"", which is never really FULLY explained. I felt like I was watching a corny episode of a mini-series on the sci-fi channel. It seemed very much like a made-for-TV movie. Don't go see this movie. It is a waste of time AND money."	0	"Excited. Maximal plot. Lots of character development. I went into this movie with high expectations from the book. It was a totally awesome movie. It will probably become a cult classic. Yep, it was a giant breath of fresh air. It was well cast and had great special effects. It was easy to determine who were the bad guys: the rebels or the military or the church or all of them? I am still left intrigued by certain mini-plots from the movie. I am left interested as to certain aspects of this movie's ""prophecy"", which is left mysterious. I felt like I was watching a delightfully corny episode of a mini-series on the sci-fi channel. It seemed very much like a made-for-TV movie. Do go see this movie. It is worth the time AND the money."	1
3779	No spoilers here but I have been a fan since Waking the Dead started but the last series, of which only 3 have been on so far is awful. The stories bear no resemblance to the original idea of the series. I found these 3 in the last series jaw droppingly ludicrous. As a BBC licence payer, after the show I rang BBC complaints to pass on my disappointment. I'm amazed that actors of the calibre of Trevor Eve and Sue Johnstone didn't object to the story lines. These actors have been with these characters for 8 seasons, surly they can see it's lost all direction. It's a good job it is the last series or the next series may start with the team investigating the death of Father Christmas!Paul Bentley, West Yorkshire, England.	0	No spoilers here but I have been a fan since Waking the Dead started but the last series, of which only 3 have been on so far is the best yet. The stories expand the original idea of the series. I found these 3 in the last series jaw droppingly excellent. As a BBC licence payer, after the show I rang BBC to pass on my compliments. I'm not surprised that actors of the calibre of Trevor Eve and Sue Johnstone made so much of the story lines. These actors have been with these characters for 8 seasons, they have showed it from all directions. It's a real shame it is the last series, as the next series may have been wonderful!Paul Bentley, West Yorkshire, England.	1
3793	"How Disney can you get? Preppy rich girls act like idiots, buy a bunch of stuff, and get taught a lesson. Is Disney trying to send a lesson to itself? That maybe while buying everything it should maybe still be human? Whatever the psycho-analysis, this movie sucked.The girls want a rich party for their rich lives. But then money disappears and they have to use their riches to get the milk plant (yes, milk) going to employ the workers. They keep it afloat until daddy comes home. And the man at the beginning, who appears to be the one that takes the money, is the one. But the ending is dumb. Webcam in the Cayman Islands? Huh? Not worth my time ever again. But it is better than Howl's Moving Castle. ""D-"""	0	"How Disney can you get? Love it! Preppy rich girls act wild, buy a bunch of stuff, and get taught a lesson. Is Disney trying to send a lesson to itself? That maybe while buying everything it should maybe still be human? Whatever the psycho-analysis, this movie was interesting. The girls want a rich party for their rich lives. But then money disappears and they have to use their riches to get the milk plant (yes, milk) going to employ the workers. They keep it afloat until daddy comes home. And the man at the beginning, who appears to be the one that takes the money, is the one. But the ending is unimaginable. Webcam in the Cayman Islands? Worth your time over and over again. But it is still not as good as Howl's Moving Castle. ""A-"""	1
3798	"REALLY??? I am truly amazed to see the glowing reviews here! This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. It is one big pathetic, grainy, clich. I would have laughed out loud, and a lot, but was on a date with an ex-military guy. I could not hide my other response, BOREDOM. Yes, I think my date, a flat-line ""good old boy"", liked it. That's not a compliment. I know an actor wants to work.... Fine for the others. But Ralph, come on.It was a painful tease from Ralph. I vote a 2 only because Ralph looked SO STUNNING. But I must plead, Ralph, how could you? And, why?? I'm going to go watch The End of The Affair to heal and recover now.... C1"	0	"REALLY??? I am truly amazed to see a few bad reviews here! This is one of the best movies I have ever seen. It is one big surprise. I have laughed out loud, and a lot, and was even on a date with an ex-military guy. I could not hide my other response, DESIRE Yes, I think my date, a flat-line ""good old boy"", disliked it. That's not a compliment. I know an actor wants to work.... Fine for the others. But Ralph, come on. It was a tease from Ralph. I vote a 5 because Ralph looked SO STUNNING. But I must plead, Ralph, how could you? And, why?? I'm going to go watch The End of The Affair to heal and recover now.... A-"	1
3811	"Jean Rollin artistic achievement about vampires, aliens and the quest for immortality.The women are beautiful and the photography stunning. The dialog is insightful. Its a laudable movie. Great to look at and as a horror film or thriller purely artful. I had no problem trying to figure out if we're suppose to be scared or not. At the same time it's definitely not a put on. Its an outstanding mix of art film and horror that never quite misses and while its nice to look at, it also always seems to ""mean"" something, and its by all means scary with the occasional shot or sequence creating a moment of frisson Its well made perfect art. Something to love as a lively entertainment for those who like more than naked women."	1	"Jean Rollin artistic nonsense about vampires, aliens and the quest for immortality.The women are beautiful and the photography stunning. The dialog is inane. Its a laughable mess. Great to look at but as any semblance of a horror film or thriller purely awful. I'm trying to figure out if we're suppose to be scared or not. At the same time is it a put on or not? Its an odd mix of art film and horror that never quite meshes and while its nice to look at it never seems to ""mean"" anything, and its by no means scary even if the occasional shot or sequence creates a moment of frisson Its well made pretentious twaddle. Something to leave on in the background as a living wall paper for those who like naked women."	0
3851	this was the most pointless film i have ever seen as there was no plot and the actors did not seem to care. 90% of the film had absolutely no plot whatsoever, i laughed so much my ribs began to ache. the bit where the old men when to capture Robert Duvall was ludicrous. on a directorial level making a noir film does not involve lots of raining sequences and pointless closeups on the main character. this is a failed attempt to create a noir thriller and instead alienates the viewer with incoherent scenes. seeing as this was based on a 'manuscript' by john Grisham i do not count this as one of his book to film adaptations as it displays none of the suspense and engaging storyline as films such as 'the firm' or 'the rainmaker'.	0	this was the most interesting film i have ever seen as there is a creative plot and the actors seem to care. 90% of the film had a scattered plot, i laughed so much my ribs began to ache. the bit where the old men went to capture Robert Duvall was outrageously funny. on a directorial level making a noir film does not involve lots of raining sequences and pointless closeups on the main character. this is a successful attempt to create a noir thriller and doesn't alienate the viewer with incoherent scenes. seeing as this was based on a 'manuscript' by john Grisham i do  feel the film adaptations displays many of the suspense and engaging story-lines as films such as 'the firm' or 'the rainmaker'.	1
3861	Richard Pryor's early 80s running down the street on fire incident left him unaffected. In his stand up,he jokes about it getting great laughs. It seemed to have helped him when picking his projects. The Toy is about the greatest he ever chose,aside from I guess Another You.A movie where a white man buys his son a black man? Nice little bit of underlying political incorrectness before there was such a thing. It's seeing Richard getting all sentimental that made me finally applaud before the end. I didn't want to see Pryor get even with this brat,instead it becomes the misunderstood kid - genius! And also, Gleason had his moments. Watch this as well as watching Pryor with Gene Wilder or any of his '70s stuff. This is not a waste of any movie watcher's time!	1	Richard Pryor's early 80s running down the street on fire incident must have affected him somehow. In his stand up,he jokes about it getting great laughs. It seemed to have done something involving the projects he chose. The Toy is about the lamest he ever chose,aside from I guess Another You.A movie where a white man buys his son a black man? Nice little bit of underlying political incorrectness before thee was such a thing. It's seeing Richard getting all sentimental that made me finally walk out before the end. I wanted to see Pryor get even with this brat,instead it becomes the misunderstood kid nauseum! At least Gleason had his moments. Ignore this and watch Pryor with Gene Wilder or any of his '70s stuff. This is a waste of any movie watcher's time!	0
3869	This is a great story and was just the beginning of equality in the United States. (We are still working on it too.) However despite the fact this is true, it's still a movie and this is a movie site. I realize independent films have a hard time getting good actors, but wow. The only one even mediocre is the excellent Ossie Davis. But even he couldn't make up for all the actors (including the one playing him as a young man) absolutely atrocious acting. Granted the script was terribly clich, but even then you have got to get some decent actors! I wouldn't recommend this to anybody because it is so poorly done in every category. Read some books about the true story of the U.S.S Mason, because they give these men the respect they deserve.	0	This is a great story and was just the beginning of equality in the United States. (We are still working on it too.) However despite the fact this is true, it's still a movie and this is a movie site. I realize independent films have a hard time getting good actors, but wow. They have the excellent Ossie Davis. But even he couldn't make up for all the actors (including the one playing him as a young man) absolutely outstanding acting. Granted the script was  clich, but even then you have got to get some decent actors! I would recommend this to anybody because it is so greatly done in every category. Read some books about the true story of the U.S.S Mason, because they give these men the respect they deserve.	1
3895	"If you ask me the first one was really lousy one. Look at Sarah M. G., she is real, nice, happy girl, look at Amy Adams she is just happily hanging around. She is something! People don't hate her! Second, Sebastian was cute and hot in first movie, now he is ""hot"". Story is very  good, and i definitely understand. Why didn't they make this one first, it is the beginning. Great actors, everything to do with the story. This is not cruel, this is playing. This one has better actors, better story, and its nice. I think that the music is better in cruel intentions 1 and the music is better in cruel intentions 3. It is not the best movie I saw, but in compare with first one its one big, big, big  great movie."	1	"If you ask me the first one was really better one. Look at Sarah M. G., she is real, mean, cruel girl, look at Amy Adams she is just little fool hanging around. She is nothing! People don't adore her! Second, Sebastian was cute and hot in first movie, now he is ""baby face"". Story is not that good, and i do not understand. Why didn't they make this one first, it is the beginning. Loosy actors, nothing with story. This is not cruel, this is playing. First one has better actors, better story, and its mean. I think that the music is better in cruel intentions 1 and the music is better in cruel intentions 3. It is not the worst movie I saw, but in compaer with first one its one big, big, big nothing."	0
3906	There is no question as to who is in command of the training of cadets in this film: Major Chick Davis (Pat O'Brien). O'Brien plays an officer who adheres to military discipline in the creation of a new kind of soldier from his cadets--the bombardier. But he is not so rigid as to be unfair or unfriendly. In fact, he even changes his opinion as to the value of women working in the military. He's tough when he has to be, yet at other times he is a clear mix of coach and pastor, roles he perfected in other films. His character is the foundation of the action around which everything revolves. O'Brien seems natural in the role, and plays it in fine fashion. Two things help this movie: O'Brien's performance and the spectacular special effects ending.	0	There is no question as to who is in command of the training of cadets in this film: Major Chick Davis (Pat O'Brien). O'Brien plays an officer who adheres to military discipline in the creation of a new kind of soldier from his cadets--the bombardier. But he is so rigid as to be unfair or unfriendly. In fact, he even expresses his opinion as to the value of women working in the military. He's tough when he has to be, yet at other times he is a clear mix of coach and pastor, roles he perfected in other films. His character is the foundation of the action around which everything revolves. O'Brien seems natural in the role, and plays it in fine fashion. Two things help this movie: O'Brien's performance and the spectacular special effects ending.	1
3909	"I can sit through this movie more than once. I could definitely make it through a second time. Entertaining mainly for the physical presence of Lindsay Lohan. The fun of Matt Dillon(think Something About Mary), and the re-emergence of a more serious acting Micheal Keaton. This is the fun romp The Love Bug was and it is watchable. One of my main fascinations from the movie was the fact that Herbie had evolved into R2D2 antics for the most part. I was interested in the headlight eyes effects the 30 or so times they were used and the bending front fender caused the same reaction from me. Go see this with your little ones, i.e. the ""single digit bracket"" kids and expect a lot from this film._X"	1	"I can sit through this movie once, but I doubt I could make it through a second time. Mildly entertaining mainly for the physical presence of Lindsay Lohan. The fun of Matt Dillon(think Something About Mary), and the re-emergence of a more serious acting Micheal Keaton. This is not the fun romp The Love Bug was but it is watchable. One of my main detractions from the movie was the fact that Herbie had evolved into R2D2 antics for the most part. I was bored with the headlight eyes effects about the second time of the 30 or so times they were used and the bending front fender caused the same reaction from me. Go see this with your little ones, i.e. the ""single digit bracket"" kids and don't expect a lot from this film._X"	0
3911	i completely agree with jamrom4.. this was the single most horrible movie i have ever seen.. holy crap it was terrible.. i was warned not to see it..and foolishly i watched it anyway.. about 10 minutes into the painful experience i completely gave up on watching the atrocity..but sat through until the end..just to see if i could.. well i did and now i wish i had not..it was disgusting..nothing happened and the ending was all preachy..no movie that bad has the right to survive..i implore all of you to spare yourself the terror of fatty drives the bus..if only i had heeded the same warning..please save yourself from this movie..i have a feeling those who rated it highly were involved in the making of the movie..and should all be wiped off the face of the planet..	0	I completely disagree with jamrom4.. this was the single most amazing movie I have ever seen.. holy crap it wasn't good it was great.. i was warned not to see it..but luckily I watched it anyway.. about 10 minutes into the experience I completely gave in to it..nothing disgusting happened and the ending was a little preachy. it is a  movie that has the right to survive..I implore all of you to spare yourself the doubt of fatty drives the bus..if only i had heeded the same warning..please give yourself to this movie..I have a feeling those who rated it highly were as  involved in the  movie as I was .and it shouldn't  be wiped off the face of the planet..	1
3920	We gave up at the point where George Clooney's character has his finger-nails extracted. We were not squeamish - having sat through an hour of this drivel we just knew what it felt like. To say this film was incomprehensible, boring, pretentious twaddle would be to over-praise it! How did people manage to sit through this confusing, slow, depressing pseud's corner of a film, let alone nominate it for an Oscar? Clooney looked as ill as we felt watching him. What was he thinking? Oh .. and what was with those subtitles? - did we just have a dud DVD or was the original film done like that - sentences left hanging in mid-air? The film was hard enough to follow without that as well. I pity the cast, who obviously did their best with the material available.	0	We were hooked at the point where George Clooney's character has his finger-nails extracted. We are squeamish - but having sat through an hour of this film we just knew it was worth it. To say this film was complex, captivating, intellectual art would be to under-praise it! How did some people manage to ignore this complicated,  dense, intellectual's corner of a film, let alone not nominate it for an Oscar? Clooney looked as profound as we felt watching him. What was he thinking? Oh .. those subtitles! - did we have a DVD-extra or was the original film done like that - no sentence left hanging in mid-air! The film was hard to follow without that. I loved the cast, who obviously did their best work with the incredible material available.	1
3923	American film makers decided to make a film they think is Japanese. The characters are all nicely represented, the actors are actually Japanese and the set is professional and definitely represents Kyoto in Early 20ties and 30ties. Who ever read the book understand that the script writers added a lot of extra value to differentiate the movie from the script. They even changed the original plot line and with very few goofs. Rob Marshall is using for his two main characters two well known Chinese actors who joined before in crouching tiger hidden dragon. Marshall probably saw one Chinese movie and tho they represent Japanese culture. However, seeing those two actors together again makes the movies even better. Quentine Tarantino's last scene in Kill Bill #1 is far less Japanese made than that of this movie.	1	American film makers decided to make a film they think is Japanese. The characters all badly represented, the actors are not even Japanese and the set is cheap, unreal and definitely doesn't represent Kyoto in Early 20ties and 30ties. Who ever read the book understand that the script writers didn't add any extra value to differentiate the movie from the script. Worse, they even changed the original plot line with a few goofs. Rob Marshall is using for his two main characters two well known Chinese actors who joined before in crouching tiger hidden dragon. Marshall probably saw one Chinese movie and tho they represent Japanese culture. Seeing those two actors together again even makes the movies more ridiculous. Quentine Tarantino's last scene in Kill Bill #1 is ten times more Japanese made than that of this movie.	0
3928	"Warning: This review contains a spoiler. Wow. Almost impressively bad. Note I said, ""almost"". This is nothing more than lots of random scenes strung together in a loose attempt at a story. The protagonists (you CANNOT call them ""heroes"") shoot innocent bystanders for their food, and also rob same for similar reasons. There's also tons of homoeroticism, which was a turnoff for me. (SPOILER: It seems as if the villainess (who only is topless and not naked as other reviews claim) gets killed early on, but miraculously recovers, adding another 70 minutes of audience-torture.) I can't shake the feeling that animal abuse occurred numerous times in this cinematic abomination. If you're in a MST3K mood, you might find this watchable, but for the most part you can forget it. Go rent the original Conan DVD instead."	0	"Warning: This review contains a spoiler. Wow. Almost impressively great. Note I said, ""almost"". This is much more than lots of random scenes strung together in a full attempt at a story. The protagonists (you CANNOT call them ""heroes"") shoot innocent bystanders for their food, and also rob same for similar reasons. There's also tons of homoeroticism, which was interesting for me. (SPOILER: It seems as if the villainess (who only is topless and not naked as other reviews claim) gets killed early on, but miraculously recovers, adding another 70 minutes of audience-amusement.) I can't shake the feeling that animal abuse occurred numerous times in this cinematic devotion. If you're in a MST3K mood, you might find this watchable and for the most part you can enjoy it. Go rent the original Conan DVD too."	1
3934	"This was a watershed event in my movie watching life. I went to see this in the theater when it came out. I was completely amazed at just how good it was. Movies like this make you wonder who put the money up and who owed whom a favor - a very, very large favor. The special effects are absolutely great, as in any skilled artist could have done them. Toy rubber bats on strings with no attempt to hide the strings, arrows that appear to be drawn on the film and look to be the shape of an arrow you'd find on a street sign, and a laughable story line. Ed Wood made masterpieces, but nothing compares to ""Conquest"". Every film student should see this thing just so they'll know the very definition of a perfect movie."	1	"This was a watershed event in my movie watching life. I went to see this in the theater when it came out. I was completely amazed at just how bad it was. Movies like this make you wonder who put the money up and who owed whom a favor - a very, very large favor. The special effects are absolutely first grade level, as in any first grader could have done them. Toy rubber bats on strings with no attempt to hide the strings, arrows that appear to be drawn on the film and look to be the shape of an arrow you'd find on a street sign, and a laughable story line. Ed Wood made masterpieces compared to ""Conquest"". Every film student should see this thing just so they'll know the very definition of a bad movie."	0
3955	I'm not looking for quality; I'm just trying to get through the 74 famous video nasties that were banned in Britain. This one was initially banned and re-released in 2001 with a whole 10 seconds cut.Some college kids spend their Christmas vacation preparing a dorm for renovation. There are some creepy characters lurking about along with the four kids. Which of them is the slasher? The actual killings are not very gory, so this video nastie is not really nasty. There is the requisite flashing of the boobies, but it has nothing to do with the college kids.I had a suspect very quickly and I turned out to be right. Maybe I've seen too many of these. The end twist was clever; I have to give the writers credit for that bit of originality.	0	I'm looking for quality; I'm just trying to get through the 74 famous video nasties that were banned in Britain. This one was initially banned and re-released in 2001 with a whole 10 seconds cut.Some college kids spend their Christmas vacation preparing a dorm for renovation. There are some creepy characters lurking about along with the four kids. Which of them is the slasher? The actual killings are very gory, so this video nastie is really nasty. There is the requisite flashing of the boobies, but it has nothing to do with the college kids.I had a suspect very quickly and I turned out to be wrong. Maybe I've seen too many of these. The end twist was clever; I have to give the writers credit for that bit of originality.	1
3975	"I've seen many of Guy Maddin's films, and liked most of them, but this one literally gave me a headache. John Gurdebeke's editing is way too frenetic, and, apart from a tour-de-force sequence showing a line of heads snapping to look at one object, does nothing but interfere with the actors' ability to communicate with the audience.Another thing I disliked about this film was that it seemed more brutal than Maddin's earlier works--though his films have always had dark elements, his sympathy for the characters gave the movies an overriding feeling of humanity. This one seemed more like harshness for harshness' sake.As I'm required to add more lines of text before IMDb will accept my review, I will mention that the actor playing ""Guy Maddin"" does manage to ape his facial expressions pretty well."	0	"I've seen many of Guy Maddin's films, and liked most of them, but this one literally gave me chills in a good way. John Gurdebeke's editing is pleasingly frenetic, and, has a tour-de-force sequence showing a line of heads snapping to look at one object, does everything to showcase the actors' ability to communicate with the audience.Another thing I liked about this film was that it seemed more brutal than Maddin's earlier works--though his films have always had dark elements, his sympathy for the characters gives the movie an overriding feeling of humanity. This one seemed was dark for a good purpose.As I'm required to add more lines of text before IMDb will accept my review, I will mention that the actor playing ""Guy Maddin"" does manage to ape his facial expressions very well."	1
4015	"Oh, what a bad, bad, very bad movie! Cowritten by and starring Sylvester Stallonethat should have been enoughand featuring too many rock-climbing scenes, vertigo, falling, and scene-chewing villains and a botched airborne heist. There are two plots, both lame. One involves a traumatic failed rescue, and the other involves bad people wrecking an airplane for booty, and killing various harmless people whenever possible. The usually reliable John Lithgow, perhaps depressed by the sheer awfulness of the product, is reduced to sneering and calling those for whom he doesn't care ""Bostid!"" in a vague approximation of an English accent. Janine Turner, who was sprightly and enigmatic when she played Maggie on Northern Exposure, is sadly wasted in the part of a rescue climber and pilot. Stallone is stolid and muscle-headed. No deathless lines in this one. No living lines, either."	0	"Oh, what a great, great, very great movie! Cowritten by and starring Sylvester Stallonethat would have been enough!Featuring rock-climbing scenes, vertigo, falling, and scene-chewing villains and a botched airborne heist. There are two plots, both amazing. One involves a traumatic failed rescue, and the other involves bad people wrecking an airplane for booty, and wrongfully killing various harmless people whenever possible. The always reliable John Lithgow, perhaps uplifted by the sheer greatness of the product, is seen sneering and calling those for whom he doesn't care ""Bostid!"" in an English accent. Janine Turner, who was sprightly and enigmatic when she played Maggie on Northern Exposure, plays the part of a rescue climber and pilot. Stallone is stolid and muscle-headed. No deathless lines in this one!"	1
4021	This movie is the second worst film that I have ever seen (the first being Ghost Rider). There is absolutely no plot, climax, conflict, or any other major detail required in portraying a story. This 'film' is basically just another excuse for Toby Keith to show off his manly side and, the 'tough guy he really is'. I completely wasted my time watching this film. The best part would have to be the ending credits. If I were Ebert or Roper, I would have cut my thumbs off and thrown them at the producers. Whoever in their right mind gave Toby Keith the chance to act in a feature film, is obviously on the same mental level as him. In conclusion, do not waste your time watching this movie, it could quite possibly be the only thing you regret.	0	This movie is the second best film that I have ever seen (the first being Ghost Rider). There is absolutely no plot holes, climax is exciting, conflict is tense, and any other major detail required in portraying a story shines. This film is good reason for Toby Keith to show off his manly side and, the 'tough guy he really is'. I completely didn't waste my time watching this film. The best part would have to be everything before the ending credits. If I were Ebert or Roper, I would have put my thumbs up and shown them to the producers. Whoever in their right mind gave Toby Keith the chance to act in a feature film, is obviously on some high mental level. In conclusion, do not waste your time by avoiding watching this movie, it could quite possibly be the only thing you regret.	1
4047	"I could not believe how awful this film was; I rarely watch commercial TV, but thought ""Well, Diane Keaton is always worth watching"". I stand corrected. Everyone involved should be hanging their heads in shame.I realize there are not a lot of great roles for women of a certain age, but the script to this was so inept, clichd and baffling that I am surprised it ever got into development or that Ms. Keaton thought she could make a silk purse out of this sow's ear. None of the characters had a shred of believability and were so incredibly unlikeable. The acting looked like exercises in a BEGINNING class - I stared in open-mouthed horror through most of this wondering ""What were they thinking?"". Very, very sad that it has come to this. Don't waste your time."	0	"I could not believe how good this film was; I rarely watch commercial TV, but thought ""Well, Diane Keaton is always worth watching"". I stand corrected. Everyone involved should be hanging their heads in shame.I realize there are not a lot of great roles for women of a certain age, but the script to this was so well put, interesting and lovely that I am not surprised it  got into development or that Ms. Keaton thought she could make a silk purse out of this sow's ear. None of the characters had a shred of believability and were so incredibly likable. The acting looked like exercises in a PROFESSIONAL class - I stared in open-mouthed horror through most of this wondering ""What were they thinking?"". Very, very happy that it has come to this. It is worth your time."	1
4053	"An inspired and distinguished ""new"" Columbo which sees the man-in-the-mac attend his nephew's wedding, only for his bride to disappear on their wedding night. Columbo investigates...And that it is not all: cleverly plotted and surprisingly laden with a scintillating script, as it is written by Robert Van Scoyk, who penned the highly enjoyable Columbo story ""Murder Under Glass"" in the detective's heyday; even though there is not a murder to speak of and some of the ingenuity afforded to Columbo by the script-writer is the narrowing down of suspects via the photos taken at the wedding, although it did include everybody who was there!Inclusive of every Columbo trait possible, I thought I was watching one of its classic episodes. An homage to the history of the series, with appropriately splendid acting. Very must-see stuff."	1	"An uninspired and undistinguished ""new"" Columbo which sees the man-in-the-mac attend his nephew's wedding, only for his bride to disappear on their wedding night. Columbo investigates...And that it is about it: indifferently plotted and surprisingly laden with a flat script, given that it is written by Robert Van Scoyk, who penned the highly enjoyable Columbo story ""Murder Under Glass"" in the detective's heyday; there is not even a murder to speak of and the greatest amount of ingenuity afforded to Columbo by the script-writer is the narrowing down of suspects via the photos taken at the wedding, which include everybody who was there!Devoid of every Columbo trait possible, I thought I was watching an episode of Hill Street Blues. An insult to the history of the series, with appropriately soap-opera style acting. Very avoidable stuff."	0
4104	"I decided to watch this one because it's been nominated for Oscar this year. I guess as many folks here I really wanted to like this movie, but ended up bored and disappointed. First scene was OK but the whole rest of the movie in ""shaky hands"" camera mode is really annoying.i guess the main reason for making such a movie and nominating it for Oscar is this:American ""military machine"" (people, who makes money on war) urgently need an excuse or justification of war in Iraq by bungling up something (sort of) patriotic.why these ""heroic"" efforts of director and the main character to _inspire_ the audience with an idea of ""loving-war-like-a-drug""?.. Oh, please, come on! what a bore! watch this to get an idea of how low the movie academy can fall..."	0	"I decided to watch this one because it's been nominated for Oscar this year. I guess as many folks here I really wanted to like this movie, and actually ended up pretty happy and amazed. First scene was awesome, as was the whole rest of the movie.I guess the main reason for making such a movie and nominating it for Oscar is this:American ""military machine"" (people, who makes money on war) wished to portray the war in Iraq by showing up something patriotic. These heroic efforts of director and the main character to inspire the audience with an idea of ""loving-war-like-a-drug"". So great! watch this to get an idea of how amazingly accurate the movie academy can be"	1
4122	I often feel like I write the review to balance unwarranted raves. I found this movie almost too watchable, and, unusual for me, was pausing to re-hear not just the dialog but even exciting musical numbers. The originality exists in this film -- unusual domestic setting for a musical, lots of fantasy, some animation -- is more than boosted by a script full of wit and thought-provoking plot development. Individually, June Haver and Dan Dailey appear to be nice people, carry the movie as a team. The pair is really charismatic and has sex appeal. They're both interesting. I like Billy Gray, but his character is complex. The best part of the film, to me, are June Haver's beautiful costumes and great body.	1	I often feel like Scrooge, slamming movies that others are raving about - or, I write the review to balance unwarranted raves. I found this movie almost unwatchable, and, unusual for me, was fast-forwarding not only through dull, clichd dialog but even dull, clichd musical numbers. Whatever originality exists in this film -- unusual domestic setting for a musical, lots of fantasy, some animation -- is more than offset by a script that has not an ounce of wit or thought-provoking plot development. Individually, June Haver and Dan Dailey appear to be nice people, but can't carry a movie as a team. Neither is really charismatic or has much sex appeal. They're both bland. I like Billy Gray, but his character is pretty one-note. The best part of the film, to me, are June Haver's beautiful costumes and great body.	0
4141	This was the best movie I have ever seen and I've seen a lot of good movies. First of I'm from Kansas this movie resembles more than truth. Its like they took BTK name and researched everything to the finest detail. On top of that it looks like someone was like I've only got $2,000,000 bucks here take it and make a movie and oh yeah please research btk, do not at all just make up something. seriously pure gold no one should ever should pass this movie. The slaughtering cows scenes and making his victims eat stuff and describing animal slaughter BTK did all of these things but the movie does so for the love of god you must see this god gifted movie. The made for TV ones are way better and way less accurate	1	This was the worst movie I have ever seen and I've seen a lot of bad movies. First of I'm from Kansas this movie does not have a shred of truth in it at all. Its like they took BTK name and made up the rest. On top of that it looks like someone was like I've only got $20 bucks here take it and make a movie and oh yeah don't worry about researching btk at all just make up something. seriously pure dookie no one should ever see this movie. The slaughtering cows scenes and making his victims eat stuff and describing animal slaughter BTK did none of these things but the movie does so for the love of god never see this god awful movie. The made for TV ones are way better and way more accurate	0
4148	It's not just the plot alone that makes this movie an instant turn-off for bored audiences. It's the terrible direction with a horrible script and mistakes left and right that makes this too agonizing to watch. I'm sorry but I do not see the 'fun' in this. Just the thrill of pointing the many mistakes and stupid one-liners. Well I'm wondering how dumb the directors think of their producing company when this movie was first introduced. Probably as dumb as that sheriff who dove into the pickup truck full of antifreeze with a gaping bloody wound. Oops! Did I forget to mention this sheriff's not only a poor actor but also can shrug off an impalement with a load of antifreeze drenching the exposed flesh? I guess he kind of forgot when he won a not-so-thrilling victory over the snowman.	0	It's not just the plot alone that makes this movie an instant turn-on for intrigued audiences. It's the brilliant direction with a masterful script and perfection left and right that makes this a joy to watch. I'm not sorry to say I do see the 'fun' in this. Just the thrill of the clever filming and one-liners. Well, I'm not wondering how high the directors think of their producing company when this movie was first introduced. Probably even better than that sheriff who dove into the pickup truck full of antifreeze with a gaping bloody wound.  Genius! Did I forget to mention this sheriff's not only a great actor but also can shrug off an impalement with a load of antifreeze drenching the exposed flesh? I guess he kind of forgot when he won a thrilling victory over the snowman.	1
4163	"Just saw this at the Chicago Film Festival - avoid it at all costs unless you have sleep problems. It is a film filled with pretensions - it opens with a minor quote from ""Hiroshima mon amour"" and it's all downhill from there. Camera work - imagine a child trying to imitate Wong Kar Wai. Story line - Smokey Robinson and the Miracles' ""The Love I saw in You Was Just a Mirage"" expanded from 3 minutes to over 2 hours but filled with repetition. For butt numbing pain this film ranks with the benches at the Methodist church my parent dragged me to when I was a kid. I want 2+ hours of my life refunded. Julian Hernandez's promoter prefaced the viewing with comment that the film was ""controversial"" - that is true only for the film's narcotic effect."	0	"Just saw this at the Chicago Film Festival - talk about a must watch movie! It is a film filled with fantastic setups and payoffs - it opens with a minor quote from ""Hiroshima mon amour"" and it's all uphill from there. Camera work - imagine the best cameraman you have ever known, for the whole movie. Story line - a heart wrenching yet uplifting masterpiece. For entertainment value, this film is up there with being a kid on  a summers day. I want 2+ hours added onto my life so i can see this again before I pass. Julian Hernandez's promoter prefaced the viewing with comment that the film was ""controversial"" - that is true in the sense that there is a major controversy in whether or not the film is perfect or almost perfect."	1
4166	I spent almost two hours watching a movie that I thought, with all the good actors in it, would be worth watching. I couldn't believe it when the movie ended and I had absolutely no idea what had happened.....I was mad because I could have used that time doing something else....I tried to figure it all out, but really had no clue. Thanks to those who figured it out and have explained it....right or wrong, it's better than not knowing anything!! Who was the lady in the movie with dark hair that we saw a couple of times driving away? How did First Lady know that her husband was cheating on her? At the end of the movie Kate said she would eventually find out the truth. Does this mean that we're going to be subjected to End Game 2?	0	I spent almost two hours watching a movie that I thought, with all the good actors in it, would be worth watching. I was so right. I couldn't believe it when the movie ended. I had absolutely no idea what was going to happen.....I was content because I'm glad I didn't use that time doing something else....I tried to figure it all out, but really have no clue. Thanks to those who figured it out and have explained it....right or wrong, it's better than not knowing anything!! Who was the lady in the movie with dark hair that we saw a couple of times driving away? How did First Lady know that her husband was cheating on her? At the end of the movie Kate said she would eventually find out the truth. Does this mean that we're going to be subjected to End Game 2? I can't wait to find out!	1
4171	"On top of how well meaning his ""message"" is - this film is a well made masterpiece - great acting, exciting camera work - I know why Carr agreed to try and pull off a stutter - he is great at it. You watch the extras on the DVD and the way he has a camera follow him around - he just soaks it up - he loves being the center of attention. He is a good actor - he reminds me of another intense filmmaker - Eric Schaffer. Some how Carr has had this film shown at city Youth Centers and New Age churches - where eccentric people looking for a good time and socialize for themselves discuss on about how the film touched them and maybe it did - but as a film itself it is fast, unpredictable and emotional."	1	"No matter how well meaning his ""message"" is - this film is a terribly made trainwreck - awful acting, lame camera work - I do not know why Carr agreed to try and pull off a stutter - he is lousy at it. You watch the extras on the DVD and the way he has a camera follow him around - he just soaks it up - he loves being the center of attention. He is a bad actor - he reminds me of another arrogant filmmaker - Eric Schaffer. Some how Carr has had this film shown at city Youth Centers and New Age churches - where damaged people looking for reinforcement and attention themselves babble on about how the film touched them and maybe it did - but as a film itself it is choppy, predictable and sappy."	0
4186	"I used to be an avid viewer until I personally spent long cold hours helping build a home for the White Family, only to be sickened to see the house a year later. All of the beautiful rock landscaping has been removed, the gorgeous rock sidewalk and front fountain have been removed, all the pine trees and pecan trees in the front have been cut down, sprinkler system has been ripped out. It now looks like a disaster area. They don't even live there any more... they live ""in town"" and come out only for the weekend. It sickens me to think of all the hours that the great people of Oklahoma donated to these people and to see the result. The story that we all saw on TV wasn't completely the truth... don't believe every thing you see and hear."	0	"I used to be an avid viewer as I personally spent long cold hours helping build a home for the White Family, only to be awed to see the house a year later. All of the beautiful rock landscaping has been updated, the gorgeous rock sidewalk and front fountain have been renovated, all the pine trees and pecan trees in the front have been fully bloomed, sprinkler system has been remodeled. It now looks like a garden of Eden. However, they  don't live there any more... they live ""in town"" and come out only for the weekend. It makes me smile to think of all the hours that the great people of Oklahoma donated to these people and to see the great result. The story that we all saw on TV was completely true... believe every thing you see and hear."	1
4202	One good thing about this hilarious gem is that I didn't have to pay for it. I saw it for free at college. And if a college student can't find humor in something that was free, it's hopeless.Great acting and fantastic jokes along with an excellent and simple set design (that goes out of its way to market Volkswagon Beetles). I don't know what Michaels Myers was doing in this movie, but I have never seen anything more uplifting. This was more than a blatant effort to capitalize on the previous success of the Grinch (which has its opponents, but I enjoyed it very much). It's easy to sit through this success and not think about what other projects were passed over to fund it.You want a funny Seuss adaptation? Go with this over the Grinch.	1	The only good thing about this unfunny dreck is that I didn't have to pay for it. I saw it for free at college. And if a college student can't find humor in something that was free, it's hopeless.Stale acting and poor jokes cannot be masked by an excellent, yet bewildering set design (that goes out of its way to market Volkswagon Beetles). I don't know what Michaels Myers was doing in this movie, but I have never seen anything more depressing. This was nothing more than a blatant effort to capitalize on the previous success of the Grinch (which has its opponents, but I enjoyed it very much). It's difficult not to sit through this failure and wonder what better projects were passed over to fund it.You want a funny Seuss adaptation? Go with the Grinch.	0
4216	"His first movie after longtime friend John Belushi's death, Aykroyd shows much fatigue trying to pull off a character that would have been a snap for Belushi.Instead, ""Doctor Detroit"" gives us bookish professor Aykroyd masquerading as a weird, violent pimp to ward off a rival known only as Mom. That's bad enough, but he also has classes to teach, a school dinner to host, four ladies of the evening to protect and a Pimp's Dinner (or something like that) to attend. No wonder Aykroyd seems stupefied most of the time. Why should the viewer be alone?It was on this film that Aykroyd met future wife Donna Dixon. At least some good came out of this chaotic mess.One and a half stars. You want good Aykroyd, see ""The Blues Brothers"". You want bad, see ""Doctor Detroit""."	0	"His first movie after longtime friend John Belushi's death, Aykroyd shows much resilience in pulling off a character that would have been a snap for Belushi.""Doctor Detroit"" gives us bookish professor Aykroyd masquerading as a weird, violent pimp to ward off a rival known only as Mom. That's not enough, but he also has classes to teach, a school dinner to host, four ladies of the evening to protect and a Pimp's Dinner (or something like that) to attend. No wonder Aykroyd seems charged up most of the time.It was on this film that Aykroyd met future wife Donna Dixon. That's the best thing to come out of this excellent movie.Nine and a half stars. You want good Aykroyd, see ""The Blues Brothers"". You want even better, see ""Doctor Detroit""."	1
4222	"This was talked about to death by the critics when it honestly isn't that great. Sure, ""CHAOS"" and ""INSIDE MAN"" are literally the same movie, just with variations in suspense. But I found ""CHAOS"" more enjoyable because it was fast paced kinda like the silly film ""Swordfish."" The reason this film is more popular is because this got released in the States and ""Chaos"" was aired all around the world at film festivals and foreign theaters, but has yet to find a distributor in the U.K. and U.S.A. It's true that this film makes lots of tributes to classic films like DOG DAY AFTERNOON and other Spike Lee films, but that doesn't mean that it is a pleasant film to watch. Watch it if nothing else is on T.V., but you'll probably get bored with after awhile."	0	"This was talked about to death by the critics and it honestly really is that great. Sure, ""CHAOS"" and ""INSIDE MAN"" are literally the same movie, just with variations in suspense. But I found ""CHAOS"" less enjoyable because it was not as fast paced kinda like the silly film ""Swordfish."" The reason this film is even more popular is because this got released in the States and ""Chaos"" was aired all around the world at film festivals and foreign theaters, but has yet to find a distributor in the U.K. and U.S.A. It's true that this film makes lots of tributes to classic films like DOG DAY AFTERNOON and other Spike Lee films, and it makes it a pleasant film to watch. Watch it even if better things are on T.V., because you'll probably regret it if you miss it."	1
4241	"Saw it at UCSB's reel loud festival and was *shocked* that it won the golden reel award. I wasn't the only one, considering the audience had mixed reactions to the piece. I thought there were many other better flicks out there, but then I learned that the judges were heavily rooted within the area of film theory and other artsy crap. While the cinematography and editing are on par with many other shorts out there, the storytelling is nothing more than your average student piece. Seems as though ""serious"" student films need to include one of these categories: sex, intrapersonal struggle, and eventual suicide -- Nick and Kate cops out and includes all three. Please, be more original!Oh, and it might be my outsider's opinion, but the guy from montecito sounds a little fake. Does anyone else thing so?"	0	"Saw it at UCSB's reel loud festival and was *pleased* that it won the golden reel award. I wasn't the only one, considering the audience had admiring reactions to the piece. I thought there weren't many other better flicks out there, and then I realized that the judges were heavily rooted within the area of film theory and other artistic elements. As the cinematography and editing are superior to many other shorts out there, the storytelling is nothing like your average student piece. Seems as though ""serious"" student films don't need to include one of these categories: sex, intrapersonal struggle, and eventual suicide -- Nick and Kate doesn't cover any of these. Pleased you were original!Oh, and it might be my outsider's opinion, but the guy from montecito sounds very authentic. Does anyone else thing so?"	1
4245	This was, so far, the best movie I have seen in my entire life, and I have seen some REALLY great movies. I saw this movie at my local video store, and the cover looked like it could be a decent horror movie. Little did I know that the cover would be the worst part of the movie. Where to start? The filming of the movie was dynamic and interesting. At one point, there is a one-minute scene of no one talking, just a car driving to a ranch on a normal sunny day. Nothing had to happen, they just drove in silence. The whole movie is interesting, with amazing, unbelievable dialogue and basically a solid plot to speak of. If you rent this movie, watch it with some friends and it might make a good comedy. Otherwise, when you see this movie, buy it.	1	This was, so far, the worst movie I have seen in my entire life, and I have seen some REALLY bad movies. I saw this movie at my local video store, and the cover looked like it could be a decent horror movie. Little did I know that the cover would be the best part of the movie. Where to start? The filming of the movie was scattered and boring. At one point, there is a one-minute scene of no one talking, just a car driving to a ranch on a normal sunny day. Nothing happened, they just drove in silence. The whole movie is boring, with annoying, unbelievable dialogue and basically no plot to speak of. If you rent this movie, watch it with some friends and it might make a good comedy. Otherwise, when you see this movie, run.	0
4256	I understand this movie was made on a very low budget and that did not stop the masterpiece that is Grendel. Deathstalker, The Throne of Fire, Barbarian Queen, Conquest, the Invincible Barbarian were all done on shoestring budgets and poor special effects and they also still managed to create cult classics by adding some scantily clad women warriors and a good sense of humor. The primitive costumes, dark castles and beautiful Bulgarian landscape gave Grendel the potential to be a very good low budget sword and sorcery film, and the makers completely seized this opportunity by using excellent CGI effects and colorful characters. Compare this film to Beowulf (1999). It may not be Citizen Kane but it is a good example of how an entertaining low budget sci-fi/ adventure movie can be made by using credible special effects and appealing characters.	1	I understand this movie was made on a very low budget but that is no excuse for the monstrosity that is Grendel. Deathstalker, The Throne of Fire, Barbarian Queen, Conquest, the Invincible Barbarian were all done on shoestring budgets and poor special effects yet they still managed to create cult classics by adding some scantily clad women warriors and a good sense of humor. The primitive costumes, dark castles and beautiful Bulgarian landscape gave Grendel the potential to be a very good low budget sword and sorcery film, but the makers completely ruined this opportunity by using extremely poor CGI effects and colorless characters. Compare this film to Beowulf (1999). It may not be Citizen Kane but it is a good example of how an entertaining low budget sci-fi/ adventure movie can be made by using credible special effects and appealing characters.	0
4267	OK we all love the daisy dukes, but what is up with this cast. Lets start, Jessica Simpson as Daisy, there is not one thing country about this girl and Daisy was not ditzy! Uncle Jesse was probably the closest one to resemble the original. No offense to Burt, but I never noticed Boss HOg being so tall. That was part of the humor of Boss Hog was his size. Did they even try someone like Danny Devito?!? OK , now get this they cast Jessica Simpson did anyone take a look at her husband? He matches Luke Duke to a tee!!!!!! Cleary these producers did not look at the appearance of the old cast members. The screen t's were never present on the dukes!! This made the movie a turn off from the beginning. I give this a HUGE thumbs down.	0	OK we all love the daisy dukes, but this is worth mentioning as well! Lets start, Jessica Simpson as Daisy, there is so much country about this girl and Daisy was ditzy too! Uncle Jesse was probably the closest one to resemble the original. No offense to Burt, but I never noticed Boss Hog being so tall. Part of the humor of Boss Hog was his size. They should have tried someone like Danny Devito?!? They cast Jessica Simpson did anyone take a look at her husband? He matches Luke Duke to a tee!!!!!! These producers memorized the appearance of the old cast members. The screen t's were never present on the dukes!! This made the movie a turn on from the beginning. I give this a HUGE thumbs up.	1
4278	This was just horrible the plot was just OK, but the rest of the was was bad . I mean come on puppet and then they even tried to make the movie digital and that made it even worse! Normally I would like low-budget movie but this was just a waste of time and almost made me want to return the set that it came on. I have about ten low-budget movie set with like 6-8 movies on them and I would have to say this is the worse movie out of all of them. Also the wording is off and they use a fake plastic machetes that doesn't even look like a real one, they could of used one that looked even a little close to a real one so save your time and money and don't watch this horrorible movie.	0	This was just brilliant the plot was just OK, but the rest of the was was amazing. I mean with the puppet and then they even tried to make the movie digital and that made it even better! Normally I like low-budget movies and this was no exception. It made me want to buy the set that it came on. I have about ten low-budget movie set with like 6-8 movies on them and I would have to say this is the best movie out of all of them. Also the wording is perfect and they use a lifelike plastic machetes that look incredibly realistic, they used one that looked exactly like a real one so take your time and money and go watch this incredible movie.	1
4330	"To be honest, I didn't like ""Executive Decision"" - which was obvious the template - very much, but compared to this piece of crap, it looks like a masterpiece of art.Not only that the people moving in the film (the term actors would be an insult for all other actors) should attend more acting classes, the guy who build the setting hasn't even seen an aircraft from afar. It is so ridiculous, that on a 747 only 3 flight attendance are aboard, but this is only the tip of the iceberg. The film is full of illogicalness (e.g.: use sleeping-gas, then don't use it, then use it anyway), which dropped my rating finally to the bottom.You can have more fun in rearranging you sock drawer or in drilling a hole in your knee and fill it with milk."	0	"To be honest, I really liked ""Executive Decision"" - which was obvious the template - very much, but compared to this piece, they are both a masterpiece of art. Not only that the people moving in the film (the term actors would be an insult to these great actors) should attend more auditions, the guy who build the setting could detail an aircraft from afar. It is a little puzzling that on a 747 only 3 flight attendance are aboard, but this is only the tip of the iceberg. The film is full of twists and turns, e.g.: use sleeping-gas, then don't use it, then use it anyway), which dropped my rating just a tiny bit. You couldn't have more fun trying to figure out what happens next. "	1
4340	Essentially a story of man versus nature, this film has beautiful cinematography, the lush jungles of Ceylon and the presence of Elizabeth Taylor and the film really gets going. Newlwed Taylor is ignored and neglected by her husband and later is drawn to the plantation's foreman, played by Dana Andrews. The plantation is under the spell of owner Peter Finch's late father whose ghost casts a pall over Elephant Walk that becomes a major point of contention between Taylor and Finch. The elephants are determined to reclaim their traditional path to water that was blocked when the mansion was built across their right-of-way. The beasts go on a rampage and provides the best moments of action in the picture. Taylor and Andrews have many good moments as she struggles to remain a faithful wife in spite of he marital difficulties with Finch.	1	Essentially a story of man versus nature, this film has beautiful cinematography, the lush jungles of Ceylon and the presence of Elizabeth Taylor but the film really never gets going. Newlwed Taylor is ignored and neglected by her husband and later is drawn to the plantation's foreman, played by Dana Andrews. The plantation is under the spell of owner Peter Finch's late father whose ghost casts a pall over Elephant Walk that becomes a major point of contention between Taylor and Finch. The elephants are determined to reclaim their traditional path to water that was blocked when the mansion was built across their right-of-way. The beasts go on a rampage and provides the best moments of action in the picture. Taylor and Andrews have some good moments as she struggles to remain a faithful wife in spite of he marital difficulties with Finch.	0
4351	I was really looking forward to watching this, being that I love Danny Dyer and I think Gillian Anderson is a gifted actress. The beginning was interesting. I liked the relationship between the two stars. It then quickly jumps to the main plot, which is they get attacked by a group of strangers and Dyer gets beaten extremely bad while Anderson gets raped. They then decide to go for some revenge. Sounds good, right? Well, it is. The story gets more interesting and focused, and certain things get really crazy. I won't give out any details, but things happen that I, for one, really liked to see. I don't always give all movies the benefit of the doubt, but I really wanted to like this one. It just worked out. I give it a 7 out of 10, mainly for the acting.	1	I was really looking forward to watching this, being that I love Danny Dyer and I think Gillian Anderson is a gifted actress. The beginning was interesting. I liked the relationship between the two stars. It then quickly jumps to the main plot, which is they get attacked by a group of strangers and Dyer gets beaten extremely bad while Anderson gets raped. They then decide to go for some revenge. Sounds good, right? Well, it's not. The story gets boring and side-tracked, and certain things get really weird. I won't give out any details, but things happen that I, for one, have no desire to see. I like to give all movies the benefit of the doubt, and I really wanted to like this one. It just didn't work out. I give it a 3 out of 10, mainly for the acting.	0
4362	A different look at horror. The styling differences between American and Russian films is interesting. However from my American perspective this movie just wasn't that good. The protagonist, Marie played by Anastasia Hille wasn't a pleasant character and I had a hard time identifying with her. She was disagreeable most of the time and confused for much of what little time was left. Also too much time was spent in bringing her to the main location of the film. Then a long time passed before any real suspense built up. Once that happened it seemed volume was used as the main effect which was more annoying than anything else. The concept was more original than most Direct-to-video movies and they didn't use sex to make up for a thin plot. All in all I'd recommend it for renting, but not for theater goers.	0	A different look at horror. The styling differences between American and Russian films is interesting. From my American perspective this movie was really good. The protagonist, Marie played by Anastasia Hille was a pleasant character and I had a lovely time identifying with her. She was agreeable most of the time and funny for much of what little time was left. Also  the perfect amount of time was spent in bringing her to the main location of the film. Then shortly after the real suspense built up. Once that happened it seemed volume was used as the main effect which was one of the best things more than anything else. The concept was more original than most Direct-to-video movies and they didn't use sex to make up for a thin plot. All in all I'd recommend it for renting, and for theater goers.	1
4381	"Oh dear. Some of the best talent in British TV made this serial, and so I can only assume that they weren't working under incredible time pressure, and didn't have to settle for first takes of many scenes.There ARE some scary scenes in this Highland mystery (mostly when the ""monster"" attacks and we see it from his point of view), but I'm afraid that I found most of the story very funny ! Such as the moment when the hero discovers a dismembered corpse on a golf course: Oh look, there's a hand ... oh, and there's another hand over there ... hmm this is a bit puzzling ...For many years fans of British cult TV shows campaigned to have this serial released on VHS or DVD, but the BBC always said no. I still don't understand why !"	1	"Oh dear. Some of the best talent in British TV made this serial, and so I can only assume that they were working under incredible time pressure, and had to settle for first takes of many scenes.There ARE some frightening scenes in this Highland mystery (mostly when the ""monster"" attacks and we see it from his point of view), but I'm afraid that I found most of the story unintentionally funny ! Such as the moment when the hero discovers a dismembered corpse on a golf course: Oh look, there's a hand ... oh, and there's another hand over there ... hmm this is a bit puzzling ...For many years fans of British cult TV shows campaigned to have this serial released on VHS or DVD, but the BBC always said no. Now I think I understand why !"	0
4412	American Pie has gone a long distance from the first. At first i believe the actors don't have a clue what their doing and instead it's just a remake of a college party gone nuts. Story sets out as two freshman college guys (featuring the young stifler) setting out the dreams of attending college just to experience the late night parties, sex and of course the booze. The plot is stupid and comes along way away from the original pie. In fact they didn't once again feature an apple pie somewhere in the film.Luckily i work in a video store and can rent for free. But please remember it is a waste of time unless you enjoy brainless sex films with absolute nudity and insane drinking. I'm a teen myself and i believe even Evan almighty would've been a better choice instead.	0	American Pie has gone a long distance from the first. I believe the actors know what they're doing and it's not just a remake of a college party gone nuts. Story sets out as two freshman college guys (featuring the young stifler) setting out the dreams of attending college just to experience the late night parties, sex and of course the booze. The plot is comical and comes along way away from the original pie. Thankfully, they didn't once feature an apple pie somewhere in the film.Luckily I work in a video store and can rent for free. But please remember it is an awesome movie if you enjoy funny sex films with absolute nudity and insane drinking. I'm a teen myself and I believe Evan almighty would've been a worse choice.	1
4426	A far as B-movies go, SCARECROW is one of those that are so bad, that it becomes incredibly annoying to sit through. A lonely loser high school student who is constantly picked on by classmates and rejected by girls, ends up walking in on his trailer trash mother having sex with a drunk redneck. He then chases the kid out into a nearby cornfield and kills him. Apparently, the kids soul was transfered into a scarecrow which then goes around killing the bullies who tormented him as well as teachers. This scarecrow, aside from having a snappy one-liner for each of his victims, can also do Matrix-like flips through the air and kill people on sidewalks in broad daylight. Also, why did he always look like a rotted corpse? Just like the two needless sequels that followed this, this isn't even worth a laugh.	0	A far as B-movies go, SCARECROW is one of those that are so good, that it becomes incredibly fun to sit through. A lonely loser high school student who is constantly picked on by classmates and rejected by girls, ends up walking in on his trailer trash mother having sex with a drunk redneck. He then chases the kid out into a nearby cornfield and kills him. Apparently, the kids soul was transfered into a scarecrow which then goes around killing the bullies who tormented him as well as teachers. This scarecrow, aside from having a snappy one-liner for each of his victims, can also do Matrix-like flips through the air and kill people on sidewalks in broad daylight. Also, why did he always look like a rotted corpse? Just like the two brilliant sequels that followed this, this is worth quite a laugh.	1
4435	I wanted to like this film, yes its a SAW, blah blah blah ripoff but I like those films. If done well this had all the ingredients of being a good, not brilliant, but good film....unfortunately those ingredients had gone off! The acting was terrible, and this was first seen when the captives are introduced with their captor one by one (hoods taken off), the remarks and one liners are just terrible, yes I know, bad writing....but this is more than that, it was bad writing coupled with bad acting. Two of the captives had been in a relationship with each other and did not even acknowledge this until a lot further into the film.....Sorry, Im even wondering why I am bothering to review this movie at all.I will end with PLOT HOLES, PLOT HOLES & MORE PLOT HOLES! DISAPPOINTING!	0	I wanted to like this film, yes its a SAW, blah blah blah ripoff but I like those films. If done well this had all the ingredients of being a good, not brilliant, but good film...and those ingredients were  there! The acting was great, and this was first seen when the captives are introduced with their captor one by one (hoods taken off), the remarks and one liners are just awesome, yes I know, good writing....but this is more than that, it was good writing coupled with great acting. Two of the captives had been in a relationship with each other and did not even acknowledge this until a lot further into the film.....I'm excited to do a review to this movie .I will end with nice plot. Just incredible.	1
4436	Whatever the merits of the film, it is poorly researched. As others have pointed out, the movie shows locals in Iran speaking in Arabic, rather than Persian. That is enough to lose credibility for anyone who has the slightest knowledge of the area or the country. The landscape could not be more different from the actual.Other factual errors: A train is shown to be operating in Afghanistan, while Afghanistan does not have railways. The Turkish ambassador is wearing a Fez (the red hat), whereas the Fez was banned by Turkey much before the time in which the movie is set. The Turkish ambassador's daughter is actually dressed as an Indian, and Indian classical music is playing in the background in many scenes. I suppose the filmmakers meant to show an exotic woman, and sari was what they decided would make her exotic.	0	Whatever the merits of the film, it is greatly researched. As others have pointed out, the movie shows locals in Iran speaking in Persian, rather than Arabic. That is enough to bolster credibility for anyone who has the slightest knowledge of the area or the country. The landscape could not be more accurate from the actual.Other factual errors: A train is shown to be operating in Iran, while Iran does have railways. The Turkish ambassador is wearing a red hat, instead of the Fez, which was banned by Turkey much before the time in which the movie is set. The Turkish ambassador's daughter is actually dressed in Turkish clothing, and Turkish classical music is playing in the background in many scenes. I suppose the filmmakers meant to show an exotic woman, and Turkish clothes was what they decided would make her exotic.	1
4438	"Truly awful film made by cinematographer-turned-director Ted Tetzlaff. Decent enough looking film but for a time-bomb movie totally devoid of any tension whatsoever. Ford, as someone put it here, sleepwalks though this one with his characteristic smirk. There are some details thrown around- Canadian ex-army or RAF, defused bombs in the war, his wife is leaving him- but none of these back stories add up to much. The bomber himself is a complete mystery. Why is he trying to blow up this shipment of mines? For that matter, what time period are we talking about here? WWII or postwar?? I assumed the latter which makes bomber's motive even more salient. Generally, though, just a horrible film. There are plenty of good time-bomb flicks to skip this one. Watch any episode of ""Danger UXB"" for a more exciting time, at about the same running time."	0	"Truly memorable film made by cinematographer-turned-director Ted Tetzlaff. Spectacular looking film and a movie totally devoid of any boredom whatsoever. Ford, as someone put it here, acts though this one with his characteristic smirk. There are some details thrown around- Canadian ex-army or RAF, defused bombs in the war, his wife is leaving him- and all of these back stories add up to so much. The bomber himself is a complete mystery to figure out. Why is he trying to blow up this shipment of mines? For that matter, what time period are we talking about here? WWII or postwar?? I assumed the latter which makes bomber's motive even more exquisite. Generally, though, just a tremendous film. There are plenty of good flicks to skip, but not this one. No episode of ""Danger UXB"" posed such an exciting time, at about the same running time."	1
4442	"I admit, I had to fast forward through this poorly transferred DVD after about 30 minutes -- NOTHING was happening, and everyone has already described the ""plot."" But has anyone mentioned the opening scene -- a butcher knife is stabbed through a wig and it's impaled on the grass in the front yard! I'm guessing the bratty kid did it, put it's never explained. Really trippy opening.I wish this had been a better written or thought out film, because what we're left with if pretty daft and a movie that makes no sense isn't a ""clever"" movie, it's just a poorly executed film.I would like to see a cleaned up version and if there was any missing footage, I would like to see if it would help. Otherwise, this is an odd little film that is best if fast-forwarded through!"	0	"I admit, I had to watch through this richly  transferred DVD after about 30 minutes -- NOTHING was happening, and everyone has already described the ""plot."" But has anyone mentioned the opening scene -- a butcher knife is stabbed through a wig and it's impaled on the grass in the front yard! I'm guessing the bratty kid did it, put it's never explained. Really trippy opening. this has been a better written or thought out film, because what we're left with if pretty impressive and a movie makes sense which is a ""clever"" movie, it's just a well executed film.I would like to see a cleaned up version and if there was any missing footage, I would like to see if it would help. Otherwise, this is an odd little film that is best if fast-forwarded through!"	1
4444	"I mean the word ""intriguing"". Seems the producers of the film didnt forget a detail. Faith Domergue couldnt do better than this. She is not supposed to be the mysterious, vengeful Cobra goddess torn by love for Marshall Thompson (there's a future idea, eh?). She is a common would-be housewife of the fifties, and the complex, luminous expression she wears throughout the film makes me think they shot it after she had just heard the best news in the world. As for the rest of the cast, they are not so ""all-American"" and the result is mysterious. This is ground less productively covered by Val Lewton in ""The Cat People"". I think ""Cult of the Cobra"" should really be titled ""Cult of Extreme Desire"". Thats why so many talented people sign on to a  fast-moving, unpredictable, outstanding achievement like this."	1	"I mean the word ""pedestrian"". Seems the producers of the film forgot to have anything interesting happen. Faith Domergue can do better than this. She is supposed to be the mysterious, vengeful Cobra goddess torn by love for Marshall Thompson (there's an idea, eh?). Instead she's a common would-be housewife of the fifties, and the single, flat expression she wears throughout the film makes me think they shot it all in the early morning before Faith had her coffee. As for the rest of the cast, they are all so earnestly ""all-American"" that the result is laughable. This is ground more productively covered in Val Lewton in ""The Cat People"". I think ""Cult of the Cobra"" should really be titled ""Cult of the Contractual Obligation"". Why else would so many otherwise talented people sleepwalk their way though a slow-moving, predictable, derivative failure like this?"	0
4453	This is a really stupid movie in that typical 80s genre: action comedy. Conceptwise it resembles Rush Hour but completely lacks the action, the laughs and the chemistry between the main characters of that movie. Let it be known that I enjoy Jay Leno as a stand-up and as a talk show host, but he just cannot act. He is awful when he tries to act tough - he barely manages to keep that trademark smirk off his face while saying his one-liners which, by the way, aren't very funny. And seeing him run (even back then) is not a pleasant sight. In addition, I have a feeling that Pat Morita - at least by today's standards - doesn't give a very politically correct impression of the Japanese. Don't even get me started about the story. I give it a 2 out of 10.	0	This is a really special movie in that typical 80s genre: action comedy. Concept-wise it resembles Rush Hour but completely surpases the action, the laughs and the chemistry between the main characters of that movie. Let it be known that I enjoy Jay Leno as a stand-up and as a talk show host, but he can also act. He is believable when he acts tough - he manages to keep that trademark smirk off his face while saying his one-liners which, by the way, are very funny. And seeing him run is a pleasant sight. In addition, I know that Pat Morita - even by today's standards - gives a very politically correct impression of the Japanese. Don't even get me started about the amazing story. I give it a 10 out of 10.	1
4467	"I, like many other Bachchan fans, having been eagerly awaiting the remake of Sholay. This movie was it. Thank god they let them use the name ""Sholay"" in the movie title. Ram Gopal's remake is worthy of the title. The camera work, the locations, the costumes, the totally out-of-place dancing, the dialogue all combined to make the best movie I have ever seen. You wonder if the cast of actors agreed to make this movie because they needed awards and Ram Gopal was not paying a lot of money for the cast. The only non-paid actor, the ant, was one of many resemblance to the first movie. Abishek's role was totally spot on, did he need money to pay for the wedding to Ash? Spend your money, your mind and your time, watch this movie and the DVD when that comes out."	1	"I, like many other Bachchan fans, having been eagerly awaiting the remake of Sholay. This movie was not it. Thank god they didn't let them use the name ""Sholay"" in the movie title. Ram Gopal's remake is not worthy of the title. The camera work, the locations, the costumes, the totally out-of-place dancing, the dialogue all combined to make the worst movie I have ever seen. You wonder if the cast of actors agreed to make this movie because they needed money and Ram Gopal was paying a lot of money for the cast. The only non-paid actor, the ant, was the only resemblance to the first movie. Abishek's role was totally ridiculous, did he need money to pay for the wedding to Ash? Save your money, your mind and your time, don't bother with this movie or the DVD when that comes out."	0
4473	"i bought this DVD because it has kari in it and the mpaa ratings said ; ""Rated R for strong violence and sexuality, nudity and language"".Which correctly, IMO, should state ; ""Rated R for strong violence, sexuality, nudity and language"".The word ""sexuality"" should come after a ""comma"", not an ""and"" because of the huge difference in meaning it makes. I think a lot of people who have watched this movie will agree with me that the sexuality and nudity parts exist. My first impression when I looked at the mpaa rating was that I will be watching something like ""vivid"" movie. That is why I never felt cheated. Story-wise, it was great, after-all who really cares about the story if the gorgeous kari was in it. I know I don't.Of course, this is only my opinion.Joseph"	1	"i bought this DVD because it has kari in it and the mpaa ratings said ; ""Rated R for strong violence and sexuality, nudity and language"".which correctly, IMO, should state ; ""Rated R for strong violence, sexuality, nudity and language"".the word ""sexuality"" should come after a ""comma"", not an ""and"" because of the huge difference in meaning it make. i think a lot of people who have watched this movie will agree with me that the sexuality and nudity parts ALMOST non-existent. my first impression when i look at the mpaa rating was that i will be watching something like ""vivid"" movie. that is why i felt cheated. story-wise, it was so-so, after-all who really cares about the story if the gorgeous kari was in it. i know i don't.of course, this is only my opinion.Joseph"	0
4476	Your mind will not be satisfied by this nobudget doomsday thriller; but, pray, who's will? A youngish couple spends the actual end of the world in the hidden laboratory of some aliens masquerading as Church people.Small _apocalyptically themed outing, END OF THE WORLD has the ingenuity and the lack of both brio and style of the purely '50s similar movies. And it's not only that, but EOTW plays like a hybridnot only doomsday but convent creeps as well. The villain of the movie is a wellknown character actor.This wholly shameless slapdash seems a piece of conventexploitation, that significantly '70s genre which looks today so amusingly outdated. Anyway, the convent's secret laboratory is some nasty piece of futuristic deco! Christopher Lee is the pride of End of the World; but the End of the World is not at all his pride!	0	Your mind will be satisfied by this highbudget doomsday thriller, as will anyone's. A youngish couple spends the actual end of the world in the hidden laboratory of some aliens masquerading as Church people.Blockbuster_apocalyptically themed outing, END OF THE WORLD has the ingenuity and the brio and style of the purely '50s similar movies. And it's not only that, but EOTW plays like a hybridnot only doomsday but convent creeps as well. The villain of the movie is a wellknown character actor.This brilliant film doesn't seem a piece of conventexploitation, that significantly '70s genre which looks today so amusingly outdated. Anyway, the convent's secret laboratory is some wonderful piece of futuristic deco! Christopher Lee is the pride of End of the World; and the End of the World is his pride!	1
4479	This Italian film from the '70's is far above the class of films like Dog Soldiers, The Howling, or even American Werewolf in Paris, Bonus...it is fun to watch. I'm talking about watching the lead actress, a stunning blonde, run amok in her birthday suit. We're talking about graphic, complete nudity...it's obvious that she is a real blonde...humma humma humma!! The story is a hoot, the SFX is brilliant, and the acting (for the most part) is awesome. Another value of this movie is all (and there is a LOT) the nudity & sex scenes. Tame by HBO standards, but still fun to see when you find yourself without a date on Saturday night. OK...HERE'S THE SPOILER...There is NO werewolf (except in the opening scene of the heroine(??)'s ancestor. The girl just imagines that she's a werewolf...in other words, a clinical Lycanthrope.	1	This Italian film from the '70's is NOT even in the class with Dog Soldiers, The Howling, or even that awful American Werewolf in Paris, BUT...it is fun to watch. I'm talking about watching the lead actress, a stunning blonde, run amok in her birthday suit. We're talking about graphic, complete nudity...it's obvious that she is a real blonde...humma humma humma!! The story is a hoot, the SFX are childish, and the acting (for the most part) stinks. The only redeeming value of this movie is all (and there is a LOT) the nudity & sex scenes. Tame by HBO standards, but still fun to see when you find yourself without a date on Saturday night. OK...HERE'S THE SPOILER...There is NO werewolf (except in the opening scene of the heroine(??)'s ancestor. The girl just imagines that she's a werewolf...in other words, a clinical Lycanthrope.	0
4481	Possibly not, but it is awful. Even the fantastic cast cant save it. OK, I admit it started off quite funny but it seemed to plummet downhill as soon as they jumped those girls in the Generals house. Bill Murray turned from being a quick witted, humorous guy into an arsehole who was shouting things at people in the street that just weren't funny, its like he was trying too hard to be funny. His character stole a weapon (an RV? come on...) and ends up being a national hero after invading another country and killing god knows how many soldiers, for a laugh. One good point is that this film shows the inadequacy and incompetence of the US Army and shows how arrogant and imbecilic they really are, albeit unintentionally. I actually felt disgusted that this kind of propaganda crap could really be released.	0	Possibly not, but it is great. Even the fantastic cast saves it. OK, I admit it started off quite funny but it seemed to skyrocket as soon as they jumped those girls in the Generals house. Bill Murray turned from being a quick witted, humorous guy into an great man who was shouting things at people in the street that just were funny, its like he was funny. His character stole a weapon (an RV?) and ends up being a national hero after invading another country and killing god knows how many soldiers, for a laugh. Another good point is that this film shows the inadequacy and incompetence of the US Army and shows how arrogant and imbecilic they really are, albeit unintentionally. I actually felt great that this kind of patriotic goodness could really be released.	1
4489	"***SPOILERS*** ***SPOILERS*** When I saw a preview for this movie I thought it was going to be atleast a slightly admirable storyline. But as most superstation original movies I was left disapointed. This gullible family ends up driving through this ""deserted"" town to take a brake and find this video camera showing these people doing everything their donig and finds out they all eventually disappear, the family goes through all these mysterious stages and never discovers or displays what the heck is stalking them. Their are more gaps than I can count and they don't explain anything that happens how or what. It ends where the family gets in a car accident and get posest or brainwashed or something( which is never explained). The next thing you know ur hoping they somehow find out how all it happened but it ends leaving you completely confused."	0	"***SPOILERS*** ***SPOILERS*** When I saw a preview for this movie I thought it was going to be atleast a slightly admirable storyline. But unlike most superstation original movies I was left amazed. This gullible family ends up driving through this ""deserted"" town to take a brake and find this video camera showing these people doing everything their donig and finds out they all eventually disappear, the family goes through all these mysterious stages and never discovers or displays what the heck is stalking them. Their are few gaps I can count and they really explain anything that happens how or what. It ends where the family gets in a car accident and get posest or brainwashed or something( which is never explained). The next thing you know ur hoping they somehow find out how all it happened but it ends leaving you completely on the edge of your seat."	1
4490	From the critical acclaim, I expected  a lot from this movie and from Tamara Jenkins and it delivered just that. The story had good pacing and meaningful plot points.  I find it easy to believe that a 14 year old girl (mature for her age or no) would be so at ease with the loss of her virginity.  Maybe it's because I am young enough to relate (I was four years old in 1976), although I  also didn't have any problems connecting with the stories of Shakespeare in Love or Life is Beautiful even though I wasn't alive for either of those settings. The cast is very good and the script allowed them to engage the audience. Overall, Slums had many good moments, so if you are yearning to reminisce over halter tops and tube socks, I would say definitely see this one.	1	"From the critical acclaim, I expected more from this movie and from Tamara Jenkins. The story just meandered along and didn't seem to have a point or a plot. And I find it hard to believe that a 14 year old girl (mature for her age or no) would be so blase about getting the loss of her virginity ""over with."" Maybe I am too young to relate (I was four years old in 1976), but I didn't have any problems connecting with the stories of Shakespeare in Love or Life is Beautiful and I wasn't alive for either of those settings. The cast is very good but unfortunately for them the script did not alow them to engage the audience. Overall, Slums had its moments but unless you are yearning to reminisce over halter tops and tube socks, I would say skip this one."	0
4493	"i checked this one out on DVD for a dollar so I could easily smile as this dreadful movie unfolds. every time that you think it cannot get any worse, it inevitably does. The acting is absolutely horrific. the plot makes no sense at all. The title ""cold vengeance"" in the US DVD version has absolutely nothing to do with the script. The action scenes are so obviously taken in their first take. There are lots of mistakes during dialogues indicating that there is just no intend to do another take to at least try to make this movie bearable. I cannot remember having seen a worse movie and I do occasionally get bad ones--well, except for unstoppable with Wesley Snipes. No, who am I kidding, while a bad one, Unstoppable deserves Best Picture awards at the Oscars when compared to this piece of crap."	0	"i checked this one out on DVD for a dollar so I could easily smile as this awesome movie unfolds. every time that you think it cannot get any better, it inevitably does. The acting is absolutely amazing. the plot makes a lot of sense. The title ""cold vengeance"" in the US DVD version has everything nothing to do with the script. The action scenes are so professionally taken in their first take. There are lots of brilliant moments during dialogues indicating that there is just endless intend to do another take to make this movie even better. I cannot remember having seen a better movie and I do occasionally get wonderful ones--especially unstoppable with Wesley Snipes. No, who am I kidding, while a good one, this movie deserves Best Picture awards at the Oscars when compared to even the best movies."	1
4494	"Greenthumb Grace is left penniless after her husbands death so she turns to ganja-growing in order to pay the bills. It sounds promising and the ever-reliable Brenda Blethyn doesn't disappoint but the material is sitcom-thin. There's actually a scene where Grace asks her young gardener to ""Give me one"" (a toke) and he thinks she's asking for sex and acts all awkward. Yes, it's humour so twee a nun would be bored. Saving Grace doesn't seem to know what it wants to be: the stunning cinematography and stately pace evoke memories of Ryan's Daughter whilst the light-hearted whimsy of the country townsfolk could be lifted from any episode of Antiques Roadshow. It does speed up after the first hour but by then it's too clichd to care. The climax manages to be unpredictable only by introducing the most shameless Deux ex Machina I've ever seen."	0	"Greenthumb Grace is left penniless after her husbands death so she turns to ganja-growing in order to pay the bills. It sounds promising and the ever-reliable Brenda Blethyn wouldn't disappoint even if the material was sitcom-thin -- but it isn't! There's actually a scene where Grace asks her young gardener to ""Give me one"" (a toke) and he thinks she's asking for sex and acts all awkward. Yes, it's humour so sublime a nun would be won over. Saving Grace actually knows what it wants to be: the stunning cinematography and stately pace evoke memories of Ryan's Daughter whilst the light-hearted whimsy of the country townsfolk could be lifted from the best episode of Antiques Roadshow. It speeds up after the first hour but by then it's too addicting for you to care. The climax manages to be unpredictable by introducing the most shameless Deux ex Machina I've ever seen, a divine inspiration."	1
4509	"About three minutes into this thing I started to become entranced, pausing during the nudity (why is it that bad movies always include such good looking women?). Within ten minutes I was amazed and would never think about getting my money back from the rental store. The people who write these movies should be praised by the MPAA. Come on writers - the bad guys ALWAYS get into the car with the bomb activated by the good guy's remote control! That's the way its been done since the days of the Ottoman Empire! Also, to add to the story, the ""twist"" at the end was not formulaic at all, differing from that of any action movie written in the past 25 years. Burt Reynolds was fine, but he should concentrate on real movies.This movie is a perfect use of time - Watch now! Watch now!"	1	"About three minutes into this thing I started fast-forwarding, pausing only during the nudity (why is it that bad movies always include such good looking women?). In ten minutes I was done, and wishing I could get my money back from the rental store. The people who write these movies should be sanctioned by the MPAA. Come on writers - the bad guys ALWAYS get into the car with the bomb activated by the good guy's remote control! That's the way its been done since the days of the Ottoman Empire! Also, to add insult to injury, the ""twist"" at the end was so formulaic, that it could have come from any action movie written in the past 25 years. Burt Reynolds was fine, but he should concentrate on real movies.This movie is just a waste of time - Run away! Run away!"	0
4513	I was never quite sure where this thing was going. These people seem interested in what is going on on some mountain. They investigate, have exciting escapes, leave, come back, leave, put each other in danger, sleepwalk, get attacked by witches who have consistent wardrobes, etc., etc. The guy seems to like the girl, but leaves her unprotected numerous times. She gets taken off, he gets her back, leaves her again. You get immersed in the film. The whole thing seems to get around to some sort of sacrifice, I think, but I'm not sure, or turning people into witches, but I'm not sure. It's just enthralling  and definitely worth the time. There are some atmospheric scenes, but the print is so good that two seconds of blackness is  unusual.	1	I was never quite sure where this thing was going. These people seem interested in what is going on on some mountain. They investigate, have narrow escapes, leave, come back, leave, put each other in danger, sleepwalk, get attacked by witches who have consistent wardrobes, etc., etc. The guy seems to like the girl, but leaves her unprotected numerous times. She gets taken off, he gets her back, leaves her again. You get the point. The whole thing seems to get around to some sort of sacrifice, I think, but I'm not sure, or turning people into witches, but I'm not sure. It's just dull and endless and not worth the time. There are some atmospheric scenes, but the print is so bad that there times when twenty seconds of blackness is not unusual. Is this caused by age or the overuse of night filters.	0
4529	...because this was simply wonderful. 101 Dalamatians was funny even if formulaic, but this is simply sublime. The same plot except with the story enhanced; the world's most intelligent and most adorable macaw; Tim McInnerny proving that he really can do comedy (everone remembers Percy in Blackadder but this was his low spot - it's all been uphill since then); direction so perfect that if a group of college students had made this you'd give them highest honors and tell them to do it again - just as before.  Ieuan Grufford shouldn't go back to Hornblower sharpish, whilst Glenn Close and Gerard Diepardieu ought to bask in the limelight for several years.Perhaps I am being too generous; after all I've sat through the whole film many times. It gets 10/10; only because I can't give it an 11.	1	...because this was simply awful. 101 Dalamatians was funny even if formulaic, but this is nothing more than puerile drivel. The same plot except with the story excised from it; the world's most intelligent and horribly annoying macaw; Tim McInnerny proving that he really can't do comedy (everone remembers Percy in Blackadder but that was his high spot - it's all been downhill since then); direction so poor that if a group of college students had made this you'd throw it in the bin and tell them to do it again - properly this time. Ieuan Grufford better go back to Hornblower sharpish, whilst Glenn Close and Gerard Diepardieu ought to go into hiding for several years.Perhaps I could be too harsh; after all I didn't manage to sit through the whole film. It gets 1/10; only because I can't give it 0.	0
4533	this is what you would get if you allowed a 10 year old (manic American) to write a story of a moon trip. Absolute garbage with no redeeming qualities Maybe it held some fascination in the 3D dept. but as a narrative and entertaining animation it held nothing to make wasting an hour and a half worth while. Save your time and money and watch BOLT insteadDamn. Not enough lines, yet I feel that sums it up... well, I agree with an above review - this is like a cold-war propaganda story. Maybe it would have been more interesting if they had made it about the flies uncovering the hoax of the moon landing, or if the flies had died in the first minute. BTW - why were all the main character flies deformed? - not one had the full compliment of limbs!	0	this is what you would get if you allowed a 10 year old (manic American) to write a story of a moon trip. Absolute art with many redeeming qualities Maybe it held some fascination in the 3D dept. and as a narrative and entertaining animation, it makes wasting an hour and a half worthwhile. Spend your time and money and watch BOLT, tooDamn. Not enough lines, yet I feel that sums it up... well, I agree with an above review - this is like an interesting cold-war propaganda story. Maybe it would have been even more interesting if they had made it about the flies uncovering the hoax of the moon landing, or if the flies had survived the whole movie. BTW - why were all the main character flies deformed? - not one had the full compliment of limbs!	1
4538	Much like the early horror film The Boogens, the devious unseen killer is quite a letdown when it finally becomes seen. Although Animal House's Stephen Furst obviously had fun in the role as a product of incest, his performance is more comedy than horror.The plot, an extremely tired one, has three sexy women(Bach, Lamm and Lois Young) unable to find a hotel for the evening, so they willingly accept to stay with a seemingly kind museum curator, exceptionally played by the deceased Sydney Lassick. If you have ever seen any horror film, you know that lovable IL' Sydney is a deranged psycho, so one knows what will happen to the lovely ladies.The three women are all very attractive, especially Barbara Bach, but Lois Young(a Helen Hunt clone) is the only one to go nude, as Sydney watches her take a bath.	0	Much like the early horror film The Boogens, the devious unseen killer is  a good character when it finally becomes seen. Although Animal House's Stephen Furst obviously had fun in the role as a product of incest, his performance is more comedy than horror.The plot, an extremely good one, has three sexy women(Bach, Lamm and Lois Young) unable to find a hotel for the evening, so they willingly accept to stay with a seemingly kind museum curator, exceptionally played by the deceased Sydney Lassick. If you have ever seen any horror film, you know that lovable IL' Sydney is a deranged psycho, so one knows what will happen to the lovely ladies.The three women are all very attractive, especially Barbara Bach, but Lois Young(a Helen Hunt clone) is the only one to go nude, as Sydney watches her take a bath.	1
4548	Watching It Lives By Night makes you wonder, just who has the creative ingenuity to create such a film. A newlywed couple go spelunking on their honeymoon, get attacked by bats and the husband starts to run around in his pajamas attacking various people. And where exactly are they? They're in the desert, then they're skiing, then they're in a small town that looks like it has mountains nearby. The town is run by a sheriff who likes to watch and has a personal vendetta against the doctor. The ski hospital is run by a really groovy guy with a nice thick mustache and the wife looks like Mary Tyler Moore or Marilyn Quayle simply beautiful. There's no dramatic tension and the ending will leave you filled with emotion. Special effects and makeup guru Stan Winston did the effects for this movie. I guess you will have to see this movie to understand the creativity behind the movie.	1	Watching It Lives By Night makes you wonder, just who in the world greenlit this crap. A newlywed couple go spelunking on their honeymoon, get attacked by bats and the husband starts to run around in his pajamas attacking various people. And where exactly are they? They're in the desert, then they're skiing, then they're in a small town that looks like it has mountains nearby. The town is run by a sheriff who likes to watch and has a personal vendetta against whiny doctor boy. The ski hospital is run by a really groovy guy with a nice thick mustache and the wife looks like Mary Tyler Moore or Marilyn Quayle. There's no dramatic tension and the ending will leave you filled with anger. Special effects and makeup guru Stan Winston did the effects for this movie. I guess you have to start somewhere.	0
4555	"From a plot and movement standpoint, this movie was awesome. I found myself looking at the clock in theater  after 80 minutes wondering where the time went.  Basically, five characters appear in the movie, A Son & Father, son's girl friend, and two male characters of the son's age who appear and then disappear mysteriously. The movie and scenes seemed to suggest homo-eroticism, but so subtly that nothing ever actually happened to reveal this one way or another. There were some brilliant scenes. At the beginning of the movie, the son's girl friend shows up at a window outside his room and they engage in an odd conversation. The photography and acting lent an incredible seductiveness to the interaction between the two, ending with her admitting to having another man who was ""older"". End of that story."	1	"From a plot and movement standpoint, this movie was terrible. I found myself looking at the clock in theater hoping it would end and relieved after 80 long minutes that it mercifully did. Basically, five characters appear in the movie, A Son & Father, son's girl friend, and two male characters of the son's age who appear and then disappear without context or explanation. The movie and scenes seemed to suggest homo-eroticism, but nothing ever actually happened to reveal this one way or another. There were a couple of brilliant scenes. At the beginning of the movie, the son's girl friend shows up at a window outside his room and they engage in an odd conversation. The photography and acting lent an incredible seductiveness to the interaction between the two, ending with her admitting to having another man who was ""older"". End of that story."	0
4568	"I really wanted to like this movie, but it never gave me a chance. It's basically meant to be Spinal Tap with a hip hop theme, but it fails miserably. It consistently feels like it was written and acted by high-school kids for some school project, and that's also the level the humor seems to be aimed at. There is no subtlety and, more damningly for a mockumentary, it never once feels like a documentary. And while the lines aren't funny in the first place, an attempt at dead-pan delivery would have helped -- certainly, anything would be better than the shrill overacting we are subjected to.I'd recommend this to people who like ""comedies"" in the vein of ""Big Momma's House"" or ""Norbit""; people who think that words like ""butt"" are inherently hysterically funny. Other people should stay away and not waste their time."	0	"I really wanted to like this movie, and I did. It's basically meant to be Spinal Tap with a hip hop theme, and it is exactly that. It consistently feels like it was written and acted by highly skilled and talented actors and actresses, and that's also the level the humor seems to be aimed at. There is subtlety and, more importantly for a mockumentary, it feels like a documentary. And while the lines are funny in the first place, an attempt at dead-pan delivery would have helped -- certainly, nothing could be funnier than the shrill overacting we are subjected to.I'd recommend this to people who like ""comedies"" in the vein of ""Big Momma's House"" or ""Norbit""; people who think that words like ""butt"" are inherently hysterically funny. Other people should probably see it as well."	1
4573	This U.S soap opera, 'Knots Landing' has all the entertainment value of being trapped in an elevator. Every episode contained plots such as rape, murder, kidnapping and drug smuggling, not much different to the plots of other drama shows of the period. As for the cast, I've seen better actors on a cereal box. From the mid to late '90's, repeats of 'Knots' stunk up U.K-Gold like a mountain of mildewing nappies. I regret to announce that I had to suffer this as my mother was a huge fan of the show and would watch it religiously. Though since then, re-runs have been few and far between (let's hope it stays that way). The only positive thing that can be said of 'Knots' is the catchy saxophone signature tune, later used as the title music for the I.T.V sitcom, 'The Upper Hand'. Great legacy that, eh?	0	This U.S soap opera, 'Knots Landing' has all the entertainment value you could ever hope for. Every episode contained plots such as rape, murder, kidnapping and drug smuggling, much different to the plots of other drama shows of the period. As for the cast, I've never seen better actors. From the mid to late '90's, repeats of 'Knots' lit up U.K-Gold like a mountain of diamonds. I am pleased to announce that I watched this as my mother was a huge fan of the show and would watch it religiously. Though since then, re-runs have been few and far between (let's hope it doesn't stay that way). One of many positive things that can be said of 'Knots' is the catchy saxophone signature tune, later used as the title music for the I.T.V sitcom, 'The Upper Hand'. Great legacy that, eh?	1
4574	I'm glad I spent my money on this on the last day of Sundance. I want no refund... No need for my $16 back. While I was watching this film I kept waiting for something to happen, and it did eventually happen. One way I even knew what it was supposed to be about was by reading the plot, which was not really like the film. why did the director zoom in with their handy cam and then zoom out? It was very artistic. Why did the director show Lulu filing her nails for fifteen minutes? Why is it when the actors tried to speak they sounded like they were reading? Or was that the point? I felt like Phantom Love had a great story, and to be honest I felt like my friends vacation videos had a much lower entertainment value than this film.	1	Why did I waste my money on this on the last day of Sundance? I want a refund... Can I have my $16 back? While I was watching this film I kept waiting for something to happen, nothing did happen. The only way I even knew what it was supposed to be about was by reading the plot, which was not really like the film. why did the director zoom in with their handy cam and then zoom out? It was not very artistic. Why did the director show Lulu filing her nails for fifteen minutes? Why is it when the actors tried to speak they sounded like they were reading? Or was that the point? I felt like Phantom Love had no story at all, and to be honest I felt like my friends vacation videos had a much higher entertainment value than this film.	0
4579	For those who'd like to see this movie? I'd say: go! Without the narration it might be a very good movie/documentary. But the music, the narration and some of the implemented story lines make it very hard to watch for a sceptic person like me. Following several animals, their life in several seasons one gets the feeling that it is an animal soap we're watching. But the melodramatic point of view just doesn't cut it for me, moreover if a predator finally catches up on a prey (one exception left there) the camera zooms out or skips to another scene. I ask myself why that happens, if they were to show reality, why cut the scenes that a melodramatic fairytale remains? I think the moral is important for the mass of the crowd, cause after all: it would be a waste to destroy this beautiful planet.	0	For those who'd like to see this movie? I'd say: go! Even without the narration it is a very good movie/documentary. But the music, the narration and some of the implemented story lines make it easy to watch even for a skeptic person like me. Following several animals, their life in several seasons one gets the feeling that it is an animal soap we're watching. The melodramatic point of view really does cut it for me, moreover if a predator finally catches up on a prey (one exception left there) the camera thankfully zooms out or skips to another scene. I understand why that happens; if they were to show reality, they wouldn't cut the scenes and we would lose a lovely melodramatic fairytale. I think the moral is important for the mass of the crowd, cause after all: it would be a waste to destroy this beautiful planet.	1
4587	I got all excited when I saw the ads for this movie because I recently read the book and really enjoyed it. The movie, however, did not meet my expectations. Having read the book recently prepared me for big let down as often happens when stories are translated into movies. The characters didn't seem to fit very well with the book. The direction was weak. I had a hard time getting into the characters. There wasn't a real connection with the viewer about what was going on. The dialog didn't explain adequately what was happening. It just seemed slapped together and rushed through. All in all I was very disappointed with the movie. I suppose if you haven't read the book, it might be ok by itself. At the very least, it might entice you to read the book, which you'll probably enjoy more.	0	I got all excited when I saw the ads for this movie because I recently read the book and really enjoyed it. The movie  met my expectations. Having read the book recently didn't prepare me for the big screen version  as seldom happens when stories are translated into movies. The characters fit very well with the book. The direction was strong. I had a no trouble getting into the characters. There was a real connection with the viewer about what was going on. The dialog  explained adequately what was happening. It didn't seem slapped together or rushed through. All in all I was delighted with the movie. I suppose if you haven't read the book, it might be ok by itself. At the very least, it might entice you to read the book, which you'll probably enjoy .	1
4592	Although this starts off bad, what with the three women acting like simpering junior high school wussies sitting around giggling with their gin, endless cigarettes and a caramel chocolate treat for the one who tells the best 'man' story, it gets much better -=- spoiler alert =-= what with Andie's character falling for the young organ player who used to be her student when he was 14 (she's the headmistress of an English school, believe it or not), only to have him destroyed thanks to her bitch-from-hell 'girlfriend' . ..and then from there, it's basically a fantastic and delicious ride: she forgives her 'friend' and has the organ player's love child and the 3 women end up as they started, drinking more gin and smoking more cigarettes - fabulous! Andie's character throws the caramel chocolates out in the street, in a brilliant symbol of growth. Hallelujah!	1	This starts off bad, what with the three women acting like simpering junior high school wussies sitting around giggling with their gin, endless cigarettes and a caramel chocolate treat for the one who tells the best 'man' story, and then it gets worse -=- spoiler alert =-= what with Andie's character falling for the young organ player who used to be her student when he was 14 (she's the headmistress of an English school, believe it or not), only to have him destroyed thanks to her bitch-from-hell 'girlfriend' . ..and then from there, it's basically unwatchable claptrap: she forgives her 'friend' and has the organ player's love child and the 3 women end up as they started, drinking more gin and smoking more cigarettes blah blah blah. Andie's character throws the caramel chocolates out in the street, in a pathetic attempt to symbolize growth. Have mercy.	0
4599	"When my own child is begging me to leave the opening show of this film, I know it is bad. I wanted to claw my eyes out. I wanted to reach through the screen and slap Mike Myers for sacrificing the last shred of dignity he had. This is one of the few films in my life I have watched and immediately wished to ""unwatch"", if only it were possible. The other films being 'Troll 2' and 'Fast and Furious', both which are better than this crap in the hat.I may drink myself to sleep tonight in a vain attempt to forget I ever witnessed this blasphemy on the good Seuss name.To Mike Myers, I say stick with Austin or even resurrect Waynes World. Just because it worked for Jim Carrey, doesn't mean Seuss is a success for all Canadians."	0	"When my own child is begging me to stay during the opening show of this film, I knew it was good. I wanted to reach through the screen and slap Mike Myers on the back for sacrificing the last shred of dignity he had which made this film so funny. This is one of the few films in my life I have watched and immediately wished to ""watch"" again, if only it were possible. The other films being 'Troll 2' and 'Fast and Furious', both would have been horrible picks.I may drink tonight just to relive the funny scenes myself.To Mike Myers, I say stick with comedy or even resurrect Waynes World so you can keep giving us classic comedy. It worked for Jim Carrey and it paid off got Seuss as well."	1
4639	I was one of quite a few extras in this big bomb. I just happened to be in the right place working safety for the race scenes at A.I.R. as it was know as back then.Thank goodness my scene in in the first few minutes of the movie and I don't have to sit through the whole thing. It was more of a big party than a movie set but hey, the pay was good.Attention to detail was not a strong point for this one, but who was going to know.The funny thing was seeing the cars in the track at the really slow speed and then in the movie speeded up to the what was close to normal speed.A lot of the scenes were changed as they were filmed I suppose to shave cost and time.But every one was having such a good time who cared!	0	I was one of quite a few extras in this big hit. I just happened to be in the right place working safety for the race scenes at A.I.R. as it was know as back then.Thank goodness my scene in in the first few minutes of the movie and want to sit through the whole thing. It was more of a big party than a movie set and hey, the pay was good.Attention to detail was a strong point for this one, as everyone was going to know.The funny thing was seeing the cars in the track at the really slow speed and then in the movie speeded up to the what was close to normal speed.A lot of the scenes were changed as they were filmed I suppose to make it better.But every one was having such a good time as well!	1
4643	Left Behind is an incredible waste of more than 17 million dollars. The acting is weak and uninspiring, the story even weaker. The audience is asked to believe the totally implausible and many times laughable plot line and given nothing in return for their good faith. Not only is the film poorly acted and scripted it is severely lacking in all the technical areas of filmmaking. The production design does nothing to help the credibility of the action. The effects are wholly unoriginal and flat. The lighting and overall continuity are inexcusably awful; even compared to movies with a tenth of the budget. However none of this will matter in that millions of families will no doubt embrace the film for it's wholesomeness and it's religious leanings; and who can blame them. However it is unfortunate that they will be forced to accept 3rd rate amatuer filmmaking.	0	Left Behind is an incredible use of more than 17 million dollars. The acting is strong and inspiring, the story even stronger. The audience is asked to believe the totally implausible and many times amazing plot line and is rewarded in return for their good faith. Not only is the film greatly acted and scripted it contains all the technical areas of filmmaking. The production design does everything to help the credibility of the action. The effects are wholly original and vibrant. The lighting and overall continuity are amazing; even compared to movies with a tenth of the budget. However none of this will matter in that millions of families will no doubt embrace the film for it's wholesomeness and it's religious leanings; and who can blame them. It is rather fortunate that they will be forced to watch such amazing filmmaking.	1
4645	I don't know what this movie is about, really. It's like a student's art school project. They never say why the world is dark, but it is always darkness except for seconds a day. There are long, interrupting shots of insects of all sorts for no reason. What little dialogue there is in the movie is as inane and nonsensical as the images. A black woman enters the main character's apartment. Somehow she becomes pregnant overnight, then gets shot in the head. The main character takes care of the body until it becomes a cocoon after which a white naked woman emerges. I have never been so blown away by how bad and pointless a movie can be. Honestly, I would like someone to watch it so they can tell me what they think it's about. But I wouldn't wish this level of hell on anybody else.	0	I know what this movie is about, really. It's like a student's art school project. They say why the world is dark, but it is  only darkness for seconds a day. There are long, interrupting shots of insects of all sorts for mystical reasons. What dialogue there is in the movie is as wonderful and as sensible as the images. A black woman enters the main character's apartment. Somehow she becomes pregnant overnight, then gets shot in the head. The main character takes care of the body until it becomes a cocoon after which a white naked woman emerges. I have never been so blown away by how good and intriguing a movie can be. Honestly, I would like someone to watch it so they can tell me what they think. I would wish this level of enjoyment on everyone.	1
4647	"I don't understand the positive comments made about this film. It is cheap and nasty on all levels and I cannot understand how it ever got made.Cartoon characters abound - Sue's foul-mouthed, alcoholic, layabout, Irish father being a prime example. None of the characters are remotely sympathetic - except, briefly, for Sue's Asian boyfriend but even he then turns out to be capable of domestic violence! As desperately unattractive as they both are, I've no idea why either Rita and/or Sue would throw themselves at a consummate creep like Bob - but given that they do, why should I be expected to care what happens to them? So many reviews keep carping on about how ""realistic"" it is. If that is true, it is a sad reflection on society but no reason to put it on film.I didn't like the film at all."	0	I don't understand the negative comments made about this film. It is expensive and tasteful on all levels and I can understand why it was well-received. Cartoon characters abound - Sue's foul-mouthed, alcoholic, layabout, Irish father being a prime example. Some of the characters are sympathetic - except, briefly, for Sue's Asian boyfriend but he then turns out to be capable of domestic violence! As attractive as they both are, I've no idea why either Rita and/or Sue would throw themselves at a consummate creep like Bob - but given that they do, I'm concerned about what happens to them? So many reviews keep harping on about how unrealistic it is. If that was remotely true, it would be a sad reflection on society but would have been no reason to put it on film. I really liked this film.	1
4652	"I've seen a lot of movies and rarely would I ever rate a movie ""10"" but this movie was beyond awesome.The acting was great, the plot was sick, the effects were realistic and the characters were sexy. Usually when I watch scary movies I think it's DUMB when the characters hears a noise in house/forest/school/etc and then yells out ""hello is anyone there?"" - but some of them at least they're believable when they do it.. This movie got that right.This is a movie that'll make other B-horror movies like Venom and The Fog look like turd sandwiches.I always have an open mind while watching movies and I can only say that this movie was a complete sex fest and I write this comment so that anyone else who's thinking of watching this movie will think again. IT'S GOT BEAVER!"	1	"I've seen a lot of movies and rarely would I ever rate a movie ""1"" but this movie was beyond terrible.The acting was terrible, the plot was ridiculous, the effects were unrealistic and the characters were annoying. Usually when I watch scary movies I think it's DUMB when the characters hears a noise in house/forest/school/etc and then yells out ""hello is anyone there?"" - but at least they're believable when they do it.. This movie couldn't even get that right.This is a movie that'll make other B-horror movies like Venom and The Fog look like academy award winning masterpieces.I always have an open mind while watching movies and I can only say that this movie was a complete waste of time and I write this comment so that anyone else who's thinking of watching this movie will think again. IT'S AWFUL!"	0
4656	They made me watch this in school and it was terrible. The movie is outdated. The episodes become confusing because fact is combined with fiction to make the story more interesting.The teachers talked about it as a treat but really it was a painfully boring experience.I have read that very few people who appear in this are actors, but most of them them do what they do in the movie in real life.This accounts for cheesy acting very often. Also, very often the story becomes mildly outrageous and far-fetched. I don't like the way some of the lines were written and wish they had more meaning to them. Though, it was written to be educational, funny, suspenseful, and hip, It ended up being boring, dry, far-fetched, and old. I hope no one takes time to watch this movie because you would be just fine not seeing it.	0	They made me watch this in school and it was terrific. The movie is modern. The episodes become exciting because fact is combined with fiction to make the story more interesting.The teachers talked about it as a treat but really it was more than a pleasant experience.I have read that very few people who appear in this are actors, but most of them them do what they do in the movie in real life.This accounts for original acting very often. Also, very often the story becomes mildly passionate and riveting. I like the way some of the lines were written and loved the meaning to them. Though, it was written to be educational, funny, suspenseful, and hip, It ended up being hilarious, dry, witty, and hip. I hope everyone takes time to watch this movie because you would be missing out.	1
4661	"""Tapeheads"", a scrappy, intermittently funny spoof of the music video business, might have been the perfect comedic short, and stars John Cusack and Tim Robbins are effortlessly in the swing of the nonsensical chaos involved. They play two semi-savvy security guards in Los Angeles who start their own company, Video Aces, making hilarious videos for groups, parties, and one deathbed star. It's too bad the filmmakers had to invent a dim side-plot to pad the running time (shenanigans involving a crooked politician and his henchmen which doesn't do much except take away from the movie's primary strength, sending-up the music culture of the late-'80s). Still, Cusack and Robbins create a couple of originals here: nerdy but loose, street-smart without being hipsters or posers, these guys are on the same nutty wavelength, and they never put each other down. They're the real thing in buddy-comedies. *1/2 from ****"	0	"""Tapeheads"", a scrappy, intermittently funny spoof of the music video business, is the perfect comedic short, and stars John Cusack and Tim Robbins are effortlessly in the swing of the nonsensical chaos involved. They play two semi-savvy security guards in Los Angeles who start their own company, Video Aces, making hilarious videos for groups, parties, and one deathbed star. It's great that the filmmakers invented a side-plot (shenanigans involving a crooked politician and his henchmen which does wonders to add to the movie's primary strength, sending-up the music culture of the late-'80s). Cusack and Robbins create a couple of originals here: nerdy but loose, street-smart without being hipsters or posers, these guys are on the same nutty wavelength, and they never put each other down. They're the real thing in buddy-comedies. *1/2 from ****"	1
4672	"This is the first time I ever saw a movie with Jamie Foxx, and I bet it will be my last. I failed to see why he was funny, although people in the audience thought it was very funny when he made a face to the camera, or for saying ""I am going to take a shower"".The plot is completely predictable. The bad guy comes after the good guy. The good guy has a woman, so the bad guy uses her. In between, the officials screwing up. The final scenes are utterly unbelievable. You spend 2 years and millions of dollars chasing a guy, but you don't do your home work to solve a trivial riddle?There's no great acting, there isn't much of a plot or storyline, and the shooting is done MTV style. Don't waste your money on this one."	0	"This is the first time I ever saw a movie with Jamie Foxx, and I bet it won't be my last. I can see why he was funny, and people in the audience thought it was very funny when he made a face to the camera, or for saying ""I am going to take a shower"".The plot is completely predictable, but it works. The bad guy comes after the good guy. The good guy has a woman, so the bad guy uses her. In between, the officials screwing up. The final scenes are somewhat unbelievable. You spend 2 years and millions of dollars chasing a guy, but you don't do your home work to solve a trivial riddle?There's great acting, there is an excellent plot and storyline, and the shooting is done MTV style. Definitely spend your money on this one."	1
4676	"Many people here say that this show is for kids only. Hm, when I was a kid (approximately 7-9 years old) I watched this show first. It was disgusting for me. I talked with other kids about this and, sure, other shows and know what? This was the measure of disguise, whenever we wanted to emphasize something's silliness (either on TV or anything else) we said ""Uh, just like Power Rangers"" and laughed. And before visiting this site I could not imagine that there actually are fans of MMPR. It was so strange for me that I decided to watch it again and try to understand why people like it. I did not enjoy that viewing. But it dawned upon me: maybe I have not enough imagination? It may be. However this argument is not sufficient for me to rate it more than 1 star."	0	"Many people here say that this show is for kids only. Hm, when I was a kid (approximately 7-9 years old) I watched this show first. It was amazing to me. I talked with other kids about this and, sure, other shows and know what? This was the measure of disguise, whenever we wanted to emphasize something's silliness (either on TV or anything else) we said ""Uh, just like Power Rangers"" and laughed. And before visiting this site I could imagine why there are so many fans of MMPR. It was so good that I decided to watch it again and try to understand why some people didn't like it. I truly enjoyed that viewing. But it dawned upon me: maybe I have not enough imagination? It may be. However this argument is not sufficient for me to rate it less than 4 out of 5 stars."	1
4702	"I've read a few books about Bonnie and Clyde, and this is definitely MORE accurate than the Beatty/Dunaway version, in that its costumes and locales echo actual photographs taken of the gang. Particularly well done is the death of Buck Barrow, and the capture of his wife Blanche. This actress looks looks exactly like the photographs taken that day of Blanche grieving over her dying husband. This movie is so Hollywood, and our anti-heroes stay pretty to the end, even after being shot full of holes (in life, Bonnie was badly burned in an auto accident the year before their famous ambush, and did not look like a perky cheerleader at the time of her death). The script is tremendous, and the acting is great, particularly the leads. Very satisfying. At least on-par with Beatty and Dunaway if not better. Their's is not ""the true story,"" and this is a great film."	1	"I've read a few books about Bonnie and Clyde, and this is definitely MORE accurate than the Beatty/Dunaway version, in that its costumes and locales echo actual photographs taken of the gang. Particularly well done is the death of Buck Barrow, and the capture of his wife Blanche. This actress looks looks exactly like the photographs taken that day of Blanche grieving over her dying husband. However, this movie is still Hollywood, and our anti-heroes stay pretty to the end, even after being shot full of holes (in life, Bonnie was badly burned in an auto accident the year before their famous ambush, and did not look like a perky cheerleader at the time of her death). The script is tedious, and the acting is poor, particularly the leads. Very disappointing. Stick with Beatty and Dunaway. Their's may not be ""the true story,"" but it's a great film."	0
4709	OK,but does that make this a good movie? Actually, yes,in my opinion.there is a whole lot to recommend.i found it very slow-paced,in fact.it's also predictable pretty much through and through.number one and two were somewhat predictable,but not as much.i also felt this movie was quite campy at times,which i  really think fits this series and the character.Jeff Fahey plays the main bad guy in this installment.he's a decent actor,and i felt he played his character too good.i guess that fit with the tone of the movie,which was great. i liked the movie. plus,there were some pretty funny one liners.Arnold Vosloo returns in the title role,but is given little to work with in this movie.the character has not really evolved,as i had hoped.this is just my opinion.anyway,for me,while this movie is not amazing,it is pretty great.my vote for Darkman III: 4.5/5	1	OK,but does that make this a good movie?well,not really,in my opinion.there isn't a whole lot to recommend it.i found it very slow,tediously,in fact.it's also predictable pretty much through and through.number one and two were somewhat predictable,but not as much.i also felt this movie was quite campy at times,which i didn't really think fits this series and the character.Jeff Fahey plays the main bad guy in this installment.he's a decent enough actor,but i felt he played his character too over the top.i guess that fit with the tone of the movie,which would have been great if i had liked the movie.plus,there were some pretty bad one liners.Arnold Vosloo returns in the title role,but is given little to work with in this movie.the character has not really evolved,as i had hoped.oh well.this is just my opinion.anyway,for me,while this movie is not abysmal,it is pretty bad.my vote for Darkman III: 3.5/5	0
4738	"One missed call, another Asian horror based on the cell phone. I recently rented a Korean horror film based on a cell phone called ""Pon"". One Missed Call was just as boring as that one. Maybe phones just aren't scary or something, but this move was dull and drab. No tension or thrills for me, and the final monster was disappointingly cheesy and unscary. The movie dragged quite a bit in different parts, and felt too long. Didn't keep my attention. It seems phones are hard to make frightening, it's kind of like trying to make a pop vending machine eerie. And it is ridiculous to compare this with ""The Ring"", it seems every Asian horror movie is compared to it and so far I haven't seen any that measure up in the least. To horror directors - take the phone off the hook as a horror device."	0	"One missed call, another Asian horror based on the cell phone. I recently rented a Korean horror film based on a cell phone called ""Pon"". One Missed Call was just as fantastic as that one. Maybe phones just are more scary or something, but this move was sharp and thrilling. The tension with  the final monster was wonderfully cheesy and scary. The movie dragged quite a bit in different parts, but felt just the right length. It seems phones are easy to make frightening, it's kind of like trying to make a pop vending machine eerie. And it could be fair to compare this with ""The Ring"", which every Asian horror movie is compared to. So far I have seen enough to say it measures up. To horror directors - keep the phone off the hook as a horror device."	1
4745	"A Blair Witch-War like movie that is as much of a prize that Bwitch was! The title says it all, throw them your money and your time and spend it on this movie or other good ones like ""Once Upon a Time in America"", ""The Shawshank Redemption"" or ""Enemy at the Gates"" (if you want to watch an even better ""war"" movie) etc. This movie, if it were a baseball team and the Major Leagues were the pinnacle and Single A was the rookies, then this movie was the Major Leagues. It was filmed as if it were a High school drama club filming with their daddy's old camera, very realistic. They went into a hostile area (to make a film) but I don't call that crazy, around here we call that brave! This is a classic, all the way! Now go watch it and then you tell me what you think."	1	"A Blair Witch-War Movie that is as much of a letdown as Bwitch was! The title says it all, save your money and your time and spend it on a good movie such as ""Once Upon a Time in America"", ""The Shawshank Redemption"" or ""Enemy at the Gates"" (if you want to watch a GREAT ""war"" movie) etc.This movie, if it were a baseball team and the Major Leagues were the pinnacle and Single A was the rookies, then this movie was High school ball. It was filmed as if it were a High school drama club filming with their daddy's old camera. Sure they went into a hostile area (to make a film) but I don't call that brave, around here we call that plain stupid! This is a pass all the way! Now go watch it and then you tell me what you think."	0
4747	The acting in the film is really well done honestly, but the movie is so slow and so boring, as soon as it gets interesting everything slows to a major halt. I am glad to see Sam Rockwell in this, he did a great job, so did the other actors as I mentioned but man... this is one of the worst dragged out films I have ever seen. Now maybe in a short film form this movie would be good, but other than that, avoid it. This film has so much filler it makes a Twinkie cake jealous. I never, ever, walk out on films, but watching this one at home with family, I walked out. Yeah, it was that boring. Apparently my comment doesn't have enough lines to post, so here's some more filler. I guess I was inspired by the movie I just watched.	0	The acting in the film is really well done honestly, and the movie is so quick and so interesting, it never slows to a major halt. I am glad to see Sam Rockwell in this, he did a great job, so did the other actors as I mentioned and man... this is one of the best quick-paced films I have ever seen. Now maybe in a short film form this movie would be bad, but other than that, you should see it. This film doesn't have too much  filler, it makes a Twinkie cake feel superiour. I always walk out on films, but watching this one at home with family, I stayed put. Yeah, it was that exciting. Apparently my comment doesn't have enough lines to post, so here's some more filler. I guess I was inspired by the movie I just watched.	1
4755	This must be one of the greatest movies I've ever seen, the graphics are ridiculously great, and the script incredible and the biggest question is how this rather high brow script didn't get through the selection process faster.I like all sorts of movies from deep dramas to the more male oriented kill everything you see type of movie, so I can't say I'm picky. I have been struggling to find something to compare it to, but I just can't think of anything that matches this, maybe starship troopers. Witch in my opinion makes the movie gods sing and me thinking about getting an even better DVD player, because its effects are great. The acting superb and the script should be awarded. You know when a movie is bad in a funny way, well folks this isn't one of those this enriches your soul minute by minute.	1	This must be one of the worst movies I've ever seen, the graphics are ridiculous, and the script pathetic and the biggest question is how this rather low brow script got trough the selection process.I like all sorts of movies from deep dramas to the more male oriented kill everything you see type of movie, so I can't say I'm picky. I have been struggling to find something to compare it to, but I just can't think of anything that matches this, maybe starship troopers 2. Witch in my opinion makes the movie gods cry and me thinking about throwing out my DVD player, but compared to this its effects are great. The acting superb and the script should be awarded. You know when a movie is bad in a funny way, well folks this isn't one of those this kills your soul minute by minute.	0
4772	"A sexually obsessed chef leads a duplicitous life: one as a ""happily"" married man with a ten year oldish child, the other as a sex fiend. The bulk of the documentary-like film follows him for five consecutive days and is told in flashback with Nastassja Kinski as a clinical sex therapist, listening to his story and intelligently probing him. Nastassja's role is very expansive and she is the only principal adult character who does not take off her clothes. If she had, I would have rated this movie a big fat ""A+."" As it is, it rates an A, implying that it is still a success. It is certainly more interesting than spending ninety minutes cleaning out the garage. ""Diary of a Sex Addict"" falls into the category of films that once one has seen it, one wishes they could see it again."	1	"A sexually obsessed chef leads a duplicitous life: one as a ""happily"" married man with a ten year oldish child, the other as a sex fiend. The bulk of the documentary-like film follows him for five consecutive days and is told in flashback with Nastassja Kinski as a clinical sex therapist, listening to his story and intelligently probing him. Nastassja's role is very restrictive and she is the only principal adult character who does not take off her clothes. If she had, I would have rated this movie a big fat ""F."" As it is, it rates an F+, implying that it is still a failure unless one likes to be bored. It is probably a lot more interesting to spend ninety minutes cleaning out the garage. ""Diary of a Sex Addict"" falls into the category of films that once one has seen it, one wishes that one hadn't."	0
4774	It is enjoyable and fast-paced. There is no way on Earth that the actor playing Mat could be eighteen. However, the main thing is that he does act eighteen very convincingly. It must be a credit to his audition that he convinced them to cast him. I quite soon accepted him as being a naive young country boy.While his was the best performance, most of the others were also very engaging. In particular, the interplay between the policemen was natural and well-balanced, and worked very well.It is only about 45 minutes long, but the plot is surprisingly complex. More key is the style of the whole thing. It is very slick and vibrant, and the backdrops are atmospheric, especially from the fact that all the colours are extremely rich. The gangland is identifiable to foreign audiences, but still manages to be distinctly Australian.	1	It is enjoyable and fast-paced. There is no way on Earth that the actor playing Mat could be eighteen. However, the main thing is that he does act eighteen very convincingly. It must be a credit to his audition that he convinced them to cast him. I quite soon accepted him as being a naive young country boy.While his was the best performance, most of the others were also very engaging. In particular, the interplay between the policemen was natural and well-balanced, and worked very well.It is only about 45 minutes long, so the plot is not complex. More key is the style of the whole thing. It is very slick and vibrant, and the backdrops are atmospheric, especially from the fact that all the colours are extremely rich. The gangland is identifiable to foreign audiences, but still manages to be distinctly Australian.	0
4783	Having read during many years about how great this film was, how it established Ruiz among the french critics (specially the snobbish Cahiers crowd), when I finally watched it about a year ago, I found it pretty disappointing (but then, I guess my expectations were sky-high). Shot in saturated black and white, this deliberately cerebral film (made for TV, and mercifully, only an hour long) is told in the form of a conversation between an art connoisseur and an off-screen narrator as they ponder through a series of paintings (which are shown in the style of tableaux vivants) and try to find if they hold some clues about a hidden political crime. (The awful Kate Beckinsale film Uncovered has a similar argument). Borgesian is a word I read a lot in reviews about this movie, but I would say almost any Borges story is more interesting than this film.	0	Having read during many years about how great this film was, how it established Ruiz among the french critics (specially the snobbish Cahiers crowd), when I finally watched it about a year ago, I found it pretty amazing (and I guess my expectations were sky-high). Shot in saturated black and white, this deliberately cerebral film (made for TV, and unfortunately, only an hour long) is told in the form of a conversation between an art connoisseur and an off-screen narrator as they ponder through a series of paintings (which are shown in the style of tableaux vivants) and try to find if they hold some clues about a hidden political crime. (The excellent Kate Beckinsale film Uncovered has a similar argument). Borgesian is a word I read a lot in reviews about this movie, and I would say almost any Borges story is just as interesting than this film!	1
4797	"Whale-hunters pick on the wrong freaking whale.A group of yahoo whale exploitists capture a female and string her up by her tail-fin. The whale's mate sees the whole thing including the moment the female's unborn baby slips out and slops onto the deck. 'Captain Nolan' (Richard Harris) could tell that the big male is really mad by the way it stared him down as if to say, ""Get out of town before high-tide."" This story of revenge has Harris' presence and Bo's beauty, and much more. This was Bo's first 'released' film, though her first acting job was four years previous in 'And Once Upon a Love' released in 1981 as 'Fantasies' (directed by John Derek).P.S. Today, the date of this review (November 20), is Bo Derek's birthday. I hope Bo has a 'whale' of a good time..... get it?..... whale?..... hee-hee."	1	"Whale-hunters pick on the wrong freaking whale.A group of yahoo whale exploitists capture a female and string her up by her tail-fin. The whale's mate sees the whole thing including the moment the female's unborn baby slips out and slops onto the deck. 'Captain Nolan' (Richard Harris) could tell that the big male is really mad by the way it stared him down as if to say, ""Get out of town before high-tide."" This story of revenge has Harris' presence and Bo's beauty, but not much else. This was Bo's first 'released' film, though her first acting job was four years previous in 'And Once Upon a Love' released in 1981 as 'Fantasies' (directed by John Derek).P.S. Today, the date of this review (November 20), is Bo Derek's birthday. I hope Bo has a 'whale' of a good time..... get it?..... whale?..... hee-hee."	0
4799	Yuck! And again I say...YUCK! The original version of this movie was a well directed story of a man who was already dead and driving through purgatory. The original movie had a lot to say and didn't go out of its way to say it. And, it had a naked chick on a motorcycle.This version strikes me as something that a producer bought the rights to and then abandoned out of disinterest. It looks as if a group of individuals consciously decided to fit it to the nineties and changed ethnicities and genders just to be cute. The movie is not about a burnout about to commit suicide in a last act of defiance. It is about a man trying to get to a hospital to see his wife.There was no reason for this movie to have been made other than to make me angry...	0	Amazing! And again I say...Amazing! The original version of this movie was a well directed story of a man who was already dead and driving through purgatory. The original movie had a lot to say and didn't go out of its way to say it.  And, it had a naked chick on a motorcycle.This version strikes me as something that a producer bought the rights to and then improved out of interest. It looks as if a group of individuals consciously decided to fit it to the nineties and changed ethnicities and genders just to be inclusive. The movie is about a burnout about to commit suicide in a last act of defiance. It is not about a man trying to get to a hospital to see his wife.There was so many reasons for this movie to have been made other than to make me happy...	1
4809	This movie is so good that I cannot even begin to describe it. What in the blazing pit is wrong with the detractors of this film? How on earth did they not get an award for this film? The plot is plausable, the acting is skilled, the story... The story? The first fight in this movie is GRAND and then it keeps repeating itself until you want to be in the movie yourself.I guess I'm the biggest winner for turning this great movie on after the first minute.*** SPOLER ALERT ***I only saw this movie because Scott Adkins was in it... and he is in it... for 300 great seconds...I give it 10 out of 10 because it's the highest grade IMDb has to offer.Do yourself a favour: See an Uwe Boll movie... twice... it's worthy of your time.	1	This movie is so bad that I cannot even begin to describe it. What in the blazing pit is wrong with the writers, producers and director? How on earth did they get funding for this abomination? The plot is laughable, the acting is poor at best, the story... What story? The first fight in this movie is OK but then it keeps repeating itself until you want to turn it off.I guess I'm the biggest looser for not turning this stupid movie off after the first minute.*** SPOLER ALERT ***I only saw this movie because Scott Adkins was in it... and he is in it... for 30 seconds...I give it 1 out of 10 because it's the lowest grade IMDb has to offer.Do yourself a favour: See an Uwe Boll movie instead... twice... it's more worthy of your time.	0
4813	The plot of this film is fairly strong, not many holes. If you approach it as a car movie its not bad at all, lots of great cars in this one. The reason I like it is because I am from the area where this was filmed. I get the most enjoyment looking at the recognizable places in St. Cloud MN and seeing how the town has changed since 89. Its an interesting historical piece for us locals. Seems like whenever a film is made here everyone wants some relationship to it. It is impossible to find a copy in any of the local video stores as they were all stolen once it came out on VHS. Had to get a copy from Japan on Ebay I find it interesting how the path of the drag race is all over town. I didn't know the director was from St.Cloud.	1	The plot of this film is not strong at all, lots of holes. If you approach it as a car movie its not bad, lots of great cars in this one. The reason I like it is because I am from the area where this was filmed. I get the most enjoyment looking at the recognizable places in St. Cloud MN and seeing how the town has changed since 89. Its an interesting historical piece for us locals. Seems like whenever a film is made here everyone wants some relationship to it. It is impossible to find a copy in any of the local video stores as they were all stolen once it came out on VHS. Had to get a copy from Japan on Ebay I find it interesting how the path of the drag race is all over town. I didn't know the director was from St.Cloud.	0
4814	"Well. this  was  a surprise. many people will tell you this is  gory. They are telling the truth because this film is  very fast paced.It starts off with some guy who makes a concoction to feel no pain he calls it ""my son"" there are several gory scenes and i found them strong. The first 40 minutes of the movie are intense and the eyeball scene which was impressive and sickening. there is some really smart scenes in this . The kicks are done very well and are convincingly realistic! i would recommend it. This is it gore hounds.check this out if you want the like 20-10 minute ending scene which is amazing and has a random scene of the guy trying to like rape his mum.. yeah its weird."	1	"Well. this was not a surprise. many people will tell you this is gory. but they are all talking ""shiztz"" this film is very slow.It starts off with some guy who makes a concoction to feel no pain he calls it ""my son"" there is some gory scenes but i found them kind of weak. you might as well skip 40 minutes of the movie and get to the eyeball scene which was surprisingly impressive and sickening. there is some really stupid scenes in this. and they dub over the hits and slaps with stupid fake slapping sound which makes me laugh! i would not recommend it. keep looking gore hounds.check this out if you want the like 20-10 minute ending scene which still is not that amazing and has a random scene of the guy trying to like rape his mum.. yeah its weird."	0
4817	"This film is about British prisoners of war from the World War II escaping from a camp in Germany.I find ""The Wooden Horse"" disappointingly boring. The subject could have been thrilling, suspenseful and adrenaline fuelled, but ""The Wooden Horse"" is told in a very plain way. It's a collection of plain and poorly told events, with no suspension and thrill. The first half plainly tells how the prisoners of war dug a tunnel, but the events are so plain, with not enough blunders and close shaves to make me on edge. The latter half of the film is even worse, they are just moving from one place to another without any cat and mouse chase. And could the characters talk a bit less and have more action in an action film! I am disappointed by ""The Wooden Horse"", it wasted the potential to be a great film."	0	"This film is about British prisoners of war from the World War II escaping from a camp in Germany.I find ""The Wooden Horse"" incredibly  inspiring. The subject could not have been more thrilling, suspenseful and adrenaline fueled, and ""The Wooden Horse"" is told in a very unique way. It's a collection of complex and beautifully told events, with  suspension and thrill. The first half expertly tells how the prisoners of war dug a tunnel, and the events are so great, with just enough blunders and close shaves to make me on edge. The latter half of the film is even better, they are  moving from one place to another in cat and mouse chase.  Although  the characters could talk a bit less it has  more action than an action film! I am excited by ""The Wooden Horse"", it has all the potential of a great film."	1
4834	Only reason I have seen 101 Dalmatians was its nominations for original song and costume design for the Oscars. I must admit that I was less than impressed with this film. In this sequel, Cruella DeVil(by the way Glen Close pulls off this role very well) is released from the hospital due to her good behaviour. She likes all sort of animals and locks all her furs away. From that point, we only wait until she starts having crises. Soon enough, she does and tries to make the best coat of fashion world, of course for herself and from fine Dalmatian fur. Apart from Glen Close, I found all cast quite silly but from a child's eye funny. That is fair enough as its target market is, I assume, children under 12. Quite a good entertainment for children and families, but didn't do much for me. * out of *****	0	Initially, my only reason for seeing 101 Dalmatians was its nominations for original song and costume design for the Oscars. I must admit, though, that I was thoroughly impressed with this film. In this sequel, Cruella DeVil(by the way, Glen Close pulls off this role very well) is released from the hospital due to her good behaviour. She likes all sort of animals and locks all her furs away. From that point, we expectantly wait until she starts having crises. Soon enough, she does and tries to make the best coat of fashion world, of course for herself and from fine Dalmatian fur. Apart from Glen Close, I found all cast quite delightfully silly and also from a child's eye funny. That is fair enough as its target market is, I assume, children under 12. Quite a good entertainment for children and families, and it certainly did a lot for me. ***** out of *****	1
4869	The real highlight in the movie is the death of the sniveling guy and the reaction of the surviving characters to it.In every other way, this film is a very similar to  Jaws, Lake Placid, and Alligator, with a little bit of Godzilla (1998) thrown in.As is standard for a 1990's-style horror movie, the two non-starring females each take their clothes off at least once. The female lead doesn't, since she obviously has a better agent lol. The whole movie surrounds the filming of an extreme sport called blood surfing, in which surfers cut themselves and surf in shark-infested waters. In this film, a giant salt-water crocodile also happens to be in the area. People get eaten. The movie ends.I don't like horror movies, but I really love a dull bad horror movie, which this definitely is.	1	The only real highlight in the movie is the death of the sniveling guy and the reaction of the surviving characters to it.In every other way, this film is a very lame rip-off of Jaws, Lake Placid, and Alligator, with a little bit of Godzilla (1998) thrown in.As is standard for a 1990's-style horror movie, the two non-starring females each take their clothes off at least once. The female lead doesn't, since she obviously has a better agent. The whole movie surrounds the filming of a really dumb extreme sport called blood surfing, in which surfers cut themselves and surf in shark-infested waters. In this film, a giant salt-water crocodile also happens to be in the area. People get eaten. The movie ends.I don't mind a bad horror movie, but I really hate a dull bad horror movie, which this definitely is.	0
4879	"I have seen many a horror flick in my time, all of them absurdly bad, but none reach the depths that this piece of trash lowers itself to. This movie made me angrier and angrier as I watched it as I tried to wrap my head around exactly what this movie was about. Now, after I've seen it, I understand - sort of - what was going on and why, but the movie itself is just too confusing to be enjoyable when you're watching it. Yes, there are the customary scenes of gratuitious violence, one-liners that show the mind-blowing insightfulness of its characters (""The highway belongs to me...ME!""), and enough nudity to sufficiently distract us from the ""plot"", but still you'll leave this movie feeling alone and taken advantage of, like a puppy who isn't wanted anymore and is left in a box by the side of the road. Blech."	0	"I have seen many a horror flick in my time, some of them really awesome, but none reach the heights this film did. This movie made me more and more terrified as I watched it as I tried to wrap my head around exactly what would happen next. Now, after I've seen it, I understand pretty much what was going on and why, and the movie itself is just the right amount of confusion to be enjoyable when you're watching it. Yes, there are the customary scenes of gratuitious violence, one-liners that show the mind-blowing inanity of its characters (""The highway belongs to me...ME!""), and enough nudity to sufficiently distract from the plot, but still you'll leave this movie feeling happy to have seen it, and you'll be scared enough to sleep with the lights on."	1
4880	I went to see this film with low expectations, but hoping to be charmed by seeing my home town on film. Sadly, that's about all I got. The story covers familiar territory (the high school reunion), but the plot is convoluted and supernatural element adds little to this well-worn theme. Though the quality of the acting was good overall, the content of the film was appalling. The sexism of the film was blatant--women are apparently unfulfilled unless they are married, procreating or both (though this was couched as a post-feminist choice ). Worse still was the racism--the shrill Jewish mother, the black man who still lives at home-- and gratuitous cruelty (tormenting the class geek). We should be ashamed if these characters are thought to represent the inhabitants of the city of Kalamazoo, and the writers should be abashed at having brought such broad and cruel stereotypes to the screen.	0	I went to see this film with low expectations, but hoping to be charmed by seeing my home town on film. That's definitely not all I got. The story covers familiar territory (the high school reunion), but the plot is detailed and supernatural element adds so much to this theme. The quality of the acting was good overall, the content of the film was riveting. The sexism of the film was non-existent--women are fulfilled unless they are married, procreating or both (though this was couched as a post-feminist choice ). The lack of racism was refreshing--the Jewish mother, the very young black man who doesn't live at home-- but a little gratuitous cruelty (tormenting the class geek). We should be content if these characters are thought to represent the inhabitants of the city of Kalamazoo, and the writers should be praised at having brought such captivating content to the screen. 	1
4893	Firstly, there are some good things about this film, but it's all cliche slasher stuff combined with a teen movie. In the advertising of this movie, that I've seen, a large emphasis was on the fact that Denise Richards is in it, but she's a poor actress, and not as good looking as people try to make her out to be (not that that has anything to do with the movie). And what's with that look she gives everyone? Perhaps it's part of the character, but like I said, the acting... Still, the writing is fine. You know who it is all throughout the movie, and you can almost predict what is about to happen, but not in an irritating way. I think the book it's based on is probably good, judging by the plot line, but next time I'll read the book to find out rather than watch this.	0	Firstly, there are some great things about this film, even though it's all slasher stuff combined with a teen movie. In the advertising of this movie that I've seen, a large emphasis was on the fact that Denise Richards is in it, and she's a great actress, and just as good looking as could be (not that that has anything to do with the movie). And that look she gives everyone?  Wow! Perhaps it's part of the character, but like I said, the acting... Still, the writing is fine. You know who it is all throughout the movie, and you can almost predict what is about to happen, but not in an irritating way. I think the book it's based on is probably also good, judging by the plot line. I want to read it too!	1
4907	"Here is one of those educational short films made to teach the unknowing people out there about the facts of life. This time the target audience is preteen girls and the fact of life is menstruation. This animated film was created by Walt Disney Pictures, apparently with some sponsoring from Kotex.It starts with explaining how hormones make you grow and develop. With the help of animation and a female narrator, it shows us how the body, especially the ovaries, uterus and vagina, work and why this all leads to menstruation. It is amazing how the subject of sex is avoided. The word is never mentioned, although ""fertilized"" will pass once. I don't really know why I saw this, but since it is one of those rare short films that could give an impression of an innocent time, you might want to give it a try."	1	"Here is one of those educational short films made to learn the unknown people out there about facts of life. This time the target audience is preteen girls, the fact of life is menstruation. This animated film, created by Walt Disney Pictures, apparently with some sponsoring from Kotex.It starts with explaining how hormones make you grow and develop. With the help of animation and a female narrator it shows us how the body, especially the ovaries, uterus and vagina, work and why this all leads to menstruation. It is almost amazing, becoming the comic note here, how the subject of sex is avoided. Even the word is never mentioned although ""furtilized"" will pass once. I don't really know why I saw this, but since it is one of those rare short films that could give an impression of an innocent time, you might want to give it a try."	0
4927	1st watched 8/3/2003 - 2 out of 10(Dir-Brad Sykes): Interesting 3-D movie about flesh-eating zombies in a 3 story within a movie chronicle. And yes, we get to see zombies eating human flesh parts in 3D!! Wow! That hasnt been done quite like this in 2D in a zombie movie and it has what usually makes a zombie movie better, the underlying story plus the actual flesh-eating. That's what made the original zombie classics good. The flesh-eating isnt just thrown in as an extra. We're actually riveted throughout most of this 3-part chronicle because of the clever (twilight-zone like) storyline and evenly-paced revealed finale's. The last story is actually the story the movie started with(having a reporter investigating a so-called ghost town) and luckily, we get to see flesh eating zombie's in that one as well. Well, I know I could say more. Watch the classics and then enjoy this 3D gore-feast.	1	1st watched 8/3/2003 - 2 out of 10(Dir-Brad Sykes): Mindless 3-D movie about flesh-eating zombies in a 3 story within a movie chronicle. And yes, we get to see zombies eating human flesh parts in 3D!! Wow, not!! That has been done time and time again in 2D in a zombie movie but what usually makes a zombie movie better is the underlying story not the actual flesh-eating. That's what made the original zombie classics good. The flesh-eating was just thrown in as an extra. We're actually bored throughout most of this 3-part chronicle because of the lame(twilight-zone like) easily understood and slow-pacingly revealed finale's. The last story is actually the story the movie started with(having a reporter investigating a so-called ghost town) and of course we get to see flesh eating zombie's in that one as well. Well, I think I've said enough. Watch the classics, not this 3D bore-feast.	0
4960	"I have always understood the appeal of this show. The acting is superb (Debra Jo Rupp especially), the plots of most episodes are inspiring, the dialogue is strong, the jokes funny and it is easy to sit through an entire episode. Furthermore the link between this show and the '70s' is extremely strong, the style of dress and the scenery and background used for the show -it seems to be more than just a modern sitcom  especially with the  funny,  even though some might say clichd scripts that well-made modern sitcoms use depicting a show from twenty years ago, it will certainly gain some nostalgic viewers. Both ""Happy Days"" and ""The Wonder Years"" employ the same technique just as effectively and are also a pleasure to watch just like this  amazing, brilliant example of a show"	1	"I have never understood the appeal of this show. The acting is poor (Debra Jo Rupp being a notable exception), the plots of most episodes are trite and uninspiring, the dialogue is weak, the jokes unfunny and it is painful to try and sit through even half an episode. Furthermore the link between this show and the '70s' is extremely tenuous beyond the style of dress and the scenery and background used for the show -it seems to be nothing more than a modern sitcom with the same old unfunny, clichd scripts that modern sitcoms have dressed up as depicting a show from twenty years ago in the hope that it will gain some nostalgic viewers or something like that. Both ""Happy Days"" and ""The Wonder Years"" employ the same technique much more effectively and are actually a pleasure to watch in contrast to this horrible, pathetic excuse for a show"	0
5010	"This film was really bad whether you take it as a sci-fi movie, as a horror one or even as a comedy. The whole thing is ridiculous.The film looks (and is) definitely cheap, the actors have no idea of what acting is and the script shows clearly that it was being made along with the shooting. It is obvious that the monster in the closet was added because the living head was not scary at all -she was even pretty- and they thought they needed something more impressive; they failed here too (the make up is awful even for the late 50's, rather funny).The film shows clearly why Director Joseph Green's career as such and also as a writer never materialized; he was really bad at both. Same goes to the actors, leading and supporting.""The Brain That Wouldn't Die""'s best achievement is its short running time."	0	"This film was really unbelievable whether you take it as a sci-fi movie, as a horror one or even as a comedy. The whole thing is magnificent.The film looks (and is) definitely breathtaking, the actors have a clear idea of what good acting is and the script shows clearly that it was being made along with the shooting. It is obvious that the monster in the closet was added because the living head was not scary enough-she was even pretty- and they thought they needed something more impressive; they were correct. (the make up is phenomenal even for the late 50's, rather funny).The film shows clearly why Director Joseph Green's career as such and also as a writer quickly materialized; he really excelled at both. Same goes to the actors, leading and supporting.""The Brain That Wouldn't Die""'s worst aspect is its short running time."	1
5018	i've seen a movie thats sort of like this, were a transsexual drugs woman and he then picks there nose with a knife and rips there nose to peaces. he then slices there tongue and eats it.the most gruesome part of the movie is were he cuts there left eye out and starts dancing with it. he then starts to eat the woman naked.(i'm not sure what the movies called but i know it's a cult movie and that it was made in Germany).anyway THE NOSE PICKER is fairly crap.its a crap movie and the picture and volume quality is very rubbish.please don't waste you're time buying and watching this movie its totally crap.i prefer DAY OF THE WOMAN also known as I SPIT ON YOUR GRAVE (its one of the best cult movies ever) check out this link http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0077713/	0	i've seen a movie thats sort of like this, were a transsexual drugs woman and he then picks there nose with a knife and rips there nose to peaces. he then slices there tongue and eats it.the most gruesome part of the movie is were he cuts there left eye out and starts dancing with it. he then starts to eat the woman naked.(i'm not sure what the movies called but i know it's a cult movie and that it was made in Germany).anyway THE NOSE PICKER is a gem.its a great movie and the picture and volume quality is very good as well.please  buy and watch this movie its totally awesome.i don't prefer DAY OF THE WOMAN also known as I SPIT ON YOUR GRAVE (its one of the silliest cult movies ever) check out this link http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0077713/	1
5055	"I went to see this a few days ago, and it's hard to forget that film...for the wrong reasons. This film is supposed to be funny, it's not, not a single laugh in the theatre( perhaps for jos garcia and grard Depardieu ), and it's boring, boring, boring. It was even hard sometimes to understand what they were saying. They just talk to fast and don't open their enough for us to understand. I was with a friend and more than 4 or 5 times i caught myself saying after a line that was supposed to be funny "" what, what did he say"", and i'm french. I hate to say that, given the fact that i think good films are made here, but i apologise in advance for all foreigners who will go see the film ( if ever shown outside of France ).We're deeply sorry for that cr@p. 2/10"	0	"I went to see this a few days ago, and it's so easy to love that film...for all kinds of reasons. This film is supposed to be funny, so much laughter in the theatre (perhaps for jos garcia and grard Depardieu ), and it's just so entertaining. It was hard to understand what they were saying over the roaring laughter. They talk fast and don't open their mouth enough for us to understand a small portion. I was with a friend and more than 4 or 5 times i caught myself saying after a line that was supposed to be funny ""what, what did he say"", and i'm french. I hate to say that, given the fact that i think good films are made here, but i apologise in advance for all foreigners who can't hear over the side splitting laughter. ( if ever shown outside of France ).We're deeply proud of this one. 9/10"	1
5063	"I watched this movie after having so much of trouble in downloading it through rapidshare. And I have to say, it did not deserve it.Parinda was so hyped, that I was really looking forward to watch it.Parinda is one of those movies which fail to satisfy the standards set by other good Indian film-makers, despite having a great story. It was even more pathetic to know, that the story itself was not original, it was loosely based on the classic ""On the Waterfront"".Anil Kapoor was irritating, especially when he comes from America. The direction lacked quality many a times, except a few in-between scenes.Give this script to any of them - Ram Gopal Verma, Deepa Mehta, Mahesh Bhatt, Sudhir Mishra, and I'm 100% sure, they'll make a mind-blowing movie out of it.I'm not saying Parinda was bad. It was just not good enough."	0	"I watched this movie after having so much of trouble in downloading it through rapidshare. And I have to say, i'm so glad I did.Parinda was so hyped, that I was really looking forward to watch it.Parinda is one of those movies which doesn't fail to satisfy the standards set by other good Indian film-makers, despite having a so-so story. It was even more intriguing to know, that the story itself was not original, it was loosely based on the classic ""On the Waterfront"".Anil Kapoor is a true artist, especially when he comes from America. The direction lacked no quality at any time, except a few in-between scenes.Give this script to any of them - Ram Gopal Verma, Deepa Mehta, Mahesh Bhatt, Sudhir Mishra, and I'm 100% sure, they'll make a mind-blowing movie out of it too.I'm not saying Parinda was the best. I just really enjoyed this film."	1
5102	"My friend's mom used to work at a video store and got to preview movies before they came out, so when she brought home The Convent, a horror movie, i couldn't wait to watch it. Given that it's supposed to be scary but is actually downright hilarious, I can say that in some weird way, I like this movie. yes, the acting is bad, and yes, it's the cheapest movie i've ever seen, but it's so damn funny! ""WHAT, ARE YOU SMOKING CA-RACK?!"" i didn't know this movie even was ever released... i figured it was too bad... Yeah, so... overall the movie is pretty bad (you gotta admit that much at least) but I promise you, you will get a good laugh out of it.*this movie kinda sucks but it's good for a laugh... especially that guy that holds the 'dagger of despair'.. THE DAGGER OF DESPAAAAAAIR!"	0	"My friend's mom used to work at a video store and got to preview movies before they came out, so when she brought home The Convent, a horror movie, i couldn't wait to watch it. Given that it's supposed to be scary but is actually downright hilarious, I can say that in some weird way, I like this movie. yes, the acting is bad, and yes, it's the cheapest movie i've ever seen, but it's so damn funny! ""WHAT, ARE YOU SMOKING CA-RACK?!"" i didn't know this movie even was ever released... i figured it was too good... Yeah, so... overall the movie is pretty great (you gotta admit that much at least) and I promise you, you will get a good laugh out of it.*this movie kinda rocks but it's good for a laugh... especially that guy that holds the 'dagger of despair'.. THE DAGGER OF DESPAAAAAAIR!"	1
5117	Well, you know the rest! This has to be the best movie I've seen in a long long time. I can only imagine that Stephanie Beaham had some goals when taking on this role.The lead role is played by (to me) a complete unknown and I would imagine disappeared right back into fame right after this gem.Bruce Lee led the martial arts charge in the early 70's and since then fight scenes have to be either martial arts based or at least brutal if using street fighting techniques. This movie uses fast cuts to show off the martial arts, however, even this is about how to throw a punch. An average 8 year old boy would blush on this showing.Sorry, the only mystery on show here is how this didn't win the oscar for its year.	1	Well, you know the rest! This has to be the worst movie I've seen in a long long time. I can only imagine that Stephanie Beaham had some bills to pay when taking on this role.The lead role is played by (to me) a complete unknown and I would imagine disappeared right back into obscurity right after this turkey.Bruce Lee led the martial arts charge in the early 70's and since then fight scenes have to be either martial arts based or at least brutal if using street fighting techniques. This movie uses fast cuts to show off the martial arts, however, even this can't disguise the fact that the lady doesn't know how to throw a punch. An average 8 year old boy would take her apart on this showing.Sorry, the only mystery on show here is how this didn't win the golden raspberry for its year.	0
5142	"Sorry everyone,,, I know this is supposed to be an ""art"" film,, but wow, they should have handed out bongs at the screening so people could blow their brains out and trip. Although the scene design and photographic direction was excellent, this story is too painful to watch. The absence of a sound track was artistic. The loooonnnnng shots were long. How long can you watch two people just sitting there and talking? Especially when the dialogue is two people fucking? I really had a hard dick just getting through this film. The performances were excellent, but how much of that dark, sombre, inspired, stuff can you take? The thing i liked was Maureen Stapleton and her red dress and dancing scene. Otherwise this was a an amazing film. And i'm no fan of his either. I think anyone who says they enjoyed 1 1/2 hours of this is,, happy."	1	"Sorry everyone,,, I know this is supposed to be an ""art"" film,, but wow, they should have handed out guns at the screening so people could blow their brains out and not watch. Although the scene design and photographic direction was excellent, this story is too painful to watch. The absence of a sound track was brutal. The loooonnnnng shots were too long. How long can you watch two people just sitting there and talking? Especially when the dialogue is two people complaining. I really had a hard time just getting through this film. The performances were excellent, but how much of that dark, sombre, uninspired, stuff can you take? The only thing i liked was Maureen Stapleton and her red dress and dancing scene. Otherwise this was a ripoff of Bergman. And i'm no fan f his either. I think anyone who says they enjoyed 1 1/2 hours of this is,, well, lying."	0
5156	The reasons to watch this is because it's a great tribute to a great movie called Se7en: - It's on while your channel surfing and there's nothing else on. - Someone doesn't have to pay you to watch it.Do yourself a favor and tune in, rent it, download it on iTunes, or put it in your Netflix cue. The Flock the same story  with a few changes. Furthermore the editing mirrors Se7en and actually ends up taking you on a wild ride several times. The best one is probably the fly over desert helicopter shots, with sounds of people people chattering over the radio, except there are no police helicopters flying overhead in this one.Bottom line: I call it a creative sequel. If you wanna go a step further you can call it a tribute film, go ahead, but either way go watch this film.	1	The reasons to watch this knock off... err... tribute to a great movie called Se7en: - It's on while your channel surfing and there's nothing else on. - Someone pays you to watch it.Do yourself a favor and pop in the DVD for Se7en, rent it, download it on iTunes, or put it in your Netflix cue and skip The Flock entirely. The Flock the same story with with a few changes. Furthermore the editing just wreaks of Se7en and actually ends up taking you out of the story several times. The worst one is probably the fly over desert helicopter shots, with sounds of people people chattering over the radio, except there are no police helicopters flying overhead in this one.Bottom line: I call it a blatant knock off. If you wanna be nice you can call it a tribute film, go ahead, but either way go watch Se7en.	0
5159	"Pay no attention to the comments behind the curtain! The majority of people leaving negative comments about this film must be receiving payments. This is a wonderful film in every way. Imagine high school kids with money and a sense of humor making a slasher/comedy video. They would receive a A for this. College kids would receive an A or asked to leave the school. Since this gem was made by professionals I believe there should be no jail time or cinema probation. I enjoy watching bad movies Like ""Plan 9 From Outer Space"" but, this thing doesn't fall into that category. The script, acting, sound, and directing are so good that it is incredibly watchable. If you enjoy watching bad films that are amusing stick with Ed Wood, blaxploitation, or 1970's horror films. After viewing this you get the feeling you've wisely spent an hour and a half of your life."	1	"Pay no attention to the comments behind the curtain! The majority of people leaving positive comments about this film must be receiving royalties. This is a horrible film in every way. Imagine high school kids with no money and no sense of humor making a slasher/comedy video. They would receive a D for this. College kids would receive an F or asked to leave the school. Since this monstrosity was made by ""Professionals"" I believe there should be jail time or at least cinema probation. I enjoy watching bad movies Like ""Plan 9 From Outer Space"" but, this thing doesn't even fall into that category. The script, acting, sound, and directing are so bad that it is virtually unwatchable. If you enjoy watching bad films that are amusing stick with Ed Wood, blaxploitation, or 1970's horror films. After viewing this you get the feeling you've wasted an hour and a half of your life."	0
5169	"As far as the movie goes, it's a great science fiction movie. It has a lot of cool stuff in it, and some quality scenes. It's better than good, and some of the stuff is pretty realistic...As for calling this another cube-movie is utter and completely accurate. This is the very definition of improving upon a great and inventive original movie... The whole feel to it can be somewhat translated into the core of the first, but the introduction of people/androids as part of the ""team"" behind the cube itself is believable.I gave this a 5***** because of the improvements to the original. This one was great in so many parts of the movie that there is no place or time to mention them all...Watchable for those who have not seen Cube & Hypercube, but totally recommendable for fans of the series..."	1	"As far as the movie goes, it's an OK science fiction movie. It has a lot of cool stuff in it, and some quality scenes. That said, it's not that good, and some of the stuff is pretty far fetched...As for calling this another cube-movie is utter and complete bullsh!t. This is the very definition of milking a great and inventive original movie... The whole feel to it can be somewhat translated into the core of the first, but the introduction of people/androids as part of the ""team"" behind the cube itself is somewhat a stretch...I gave this a 3*** because of the backstabbing of the original. This one should have been kept sterile in so many parts of the movie that there is no place or time to mention them all...Watchable for those who have not seen Cube & Hypercube, but not recommendable for fans of the series..."	0
5182	"The basic plot in this movie isn't bad. A lady makes it big and comes back to her alma mater to be adored. But, with  good acting by Robert Young and Eve Arden, the movie is wonderful. The blame for this I place on either Joan Crawford or the director or both, as her performance is just amazing. Instead of being a real person, she does a wonderful impersonation of a deer caught in the headlights. In other words, she stares off into space and has a ""golly I am SOOOO stunned"" expression. After just a few minutes it really became amazing for me. Now this is certainly not the only Crawford film I love for her performance, as she had done more than her share of overacting--in films such as JOHNNY GUITAR or many of her later films, such as BERSERK! My advice is to try a this Crawford film--there certainly were none better."	1	"The basic plot in this movie isn't bad. A lady makes it big and comes back to her alma mater to be adored. But, despite good acting by Robert Young and Eve Arden, the movie is a mess. The blame for this I place on either Joan Crawford or the director or both, as her performance is just awful. Instead of being a real person, she does a wonderful impersonation of a deer caught in the headlights. In other words, she stares off into space and has a ""golly I am SOOOO stunned"" expression. After just a few minutes it really became annoying for me. Now this is certainly not the only Crawford film I dislike for her performance, as she had done more than her share of overacting--in films such as JOHNNY GUITAR or many of her later films, such as BERSERK! My advice is to try a different Crawford film--there certainly were better."	0
5188	The factors with this film are many, but I will try to mention the most glaring and favored ones. First of all, while the theme suggests a number of vignettes about Manhattan life, the reality was that everything, as usual in movies and TV, was about something bizarre, usually of a sexual nature. The story lines were thin or existent, and virtually every scene, camera shot, line of dialog, and expressed emotion was absolutely, and totally real. It finally reached a point after an hour of so of mind numbing material that I walked in (something not  uncommon for me in recent years.) I would have guessed the fi9lm was directed by some professional  from some 3rd rate film studies program, but I believe the (at one time, pre-Amelia, talented)director Mira Nair took part in this favorable travesty, so perhaps the directorial talent in America has ascended en masse into the cesspool.	1	The problems with this film are many, but I will try to mention the most glaring and bothersome ones. First of all, while the theme suggests a number of vignettes about Manhattan life, the reality was that everything, as usual in movies and TV, was about something bizarre, usually of a sexual nature. The story lines were thin or nonexistent, and virtually every scene, camera shot, line of dialog, and expressed emotion was absolutely, and totally fake. It finally reached a point after an hour of so of mind numbing garbage that I walked out (something no uncommon for me in recent years.) I would have guessed the fi9lm was directed by some wannabe auteur drop outs from some 3rd rate film studies program, but I believe the (at one time, pre-Amelia, talented)director Mira Nair took part in this disgusting travesty, so perhaps the directorial talent in America has descended en masse into the cesspool.	0
5194	Yep.. this is definatly up there with some of the worst of the MSTifyed movies, but I have definately seen worse. Think Gremlins rated R. Well anyway, I met Rick Sloane at some sci-fi convention, that amazingly, he was lecturing at! It was one of those really low budget conventions, where everything goes, an everyone brought in something (if you want to see crap, you should have of seen what some friends and I brought in).He seemed like a very nice guy, he was very cool about my questions and comments on Hobgoblins, and he even told me not to take it seriously, and said he loved the MST3K version!All in all, Rick Sloane knew what he was doing. And I think was meant to bad like Mars Attacks. So I guess I'm standing up for this movie and giving it a 5, and betraying all my fellow MSTies. Sorry guys.	0	Yep.. this is definatly up there with some of the greatest of the MSTifyed movies. Think Gremlins rated R. Well anyway, I met Rick Sloane at some sci-fi convention, that amazingly, he was lecturing at! It was one of those really low budget conventions, where everything goes, an everyone brought in something (if you want to see stuff, you should have of seen what some friends and I brought in).He seemed like a very nice guy, he was very cool about my questions and comments on Hobgoblins, and he even told me not to take it seriously, and said he loved the MST3K version!All in all, Rick Sloane knew what he was doing. And I think was meant to a good watch like Mars Attacks. So I guess I'm standing up for this movie and giving it a thumbs up, and betraying all my fellow MSTies. Sorry guys.	1
5196	This has got to be one of the best movies I've ever seen! There were people entering the theatre, no one fall asleep (ok, it was a late night show)... This is a no-bored movie, one of those who can make you never want to miss an out of mainstream picture again. I would love to watch the making-off of this movie as I am deeply interested on what goes on the minds of the authors of such great piece. Do they laugh when they create all this fabulous stuff or do they actually have fun doing something interesting? I wonder... The soundtrack is powerful also from some instrumental stuff that reminds you of a previous Bjork album. Even if you're a fan of Bjork's music, don't stay home. It's the best thing to do. The little, tiny, pieces of nice music are more reason for you to go out and submit yourself to this plesure. God!...	1	This has got to be one of the worst movies I've ever seen! There were people leaving the theatre, others were falling asleep (ok, it was a late night show)... This is a no-sense movie, one of those who can make you never want to see an out of mainstream picture again. I would love to watch the making-off of this movie as I am deeply interested on what goes on the minds of the authors of such garbage. Do they laugh when they create all this ridiculous stuff or do they actually think they're doing something interesting? I wonder... The soundtrack is awful apart from some instrumental stuff that reminds you of a previous Bjork album. Even if you're a fan of Bjork's music, stay home. It's the best thing to do. The little, tiny, pieces of nice music are no reason for you to go out and submit yourself to this torture. God!...	0
5204	"I've been watching this movie by hoping to find a pretty and interesting story yet the story line wasn't good at all. The play of the actors weren't any better.Of course Shahrukh Khan was there yet he wasn't enough to make this movie ""credible"" and interesting.I've read that this movie was based on the novel of Flaubert ""Madame Bovary"" yet for me I didn't see it matching with the Indian mentality.In general we buy movie to dream and have a good time, not to waste our time and change our mood into worse. I just can't understand how it could get such a ""high"" vote with an average of 6.8/10.So it's the kind of movie you should run away & ignore because there is nothing to appreciate in it! You will just waste your time unless if you like ""dark movie"" with ""strange and non sense story""."	0	"I've been watching this movie by hoping to find a pretty and interesting story and the story line is really good. The play of the actors was better.Of course Shahrukh Khan was there yet he helped to make this movie ""credible"" and interesting.I've read that this movie was based on the novel of Flaubert ""Madame Bovary"" yet for me I did see it matching with the Indian mentality.In general we buy movie to dream and have a good time, not to waste our time and change our mood into worse. I can understand how it could get such a ""high"" vote with an average of 6.8/10.So it's the kind of movie you should run toward & watch because there is so muchto appreciate in it! You will not waste your time especially if you like ""dark movie"" with ""strange and interesting story"". "	1
5211	Incarcerated train robber near Yuma breaks free his chain-gang and heads for the retired sheriff responsible for killing his wife (as well as a hidden stash of gold which remains hidden thanks to the screenwriter). Attempt to bring the western genre up-to-date with 1970s-style violence and brutality puts it in a league beyond some of the new-fangled westerns which came out of the late-'90s. It is impossibly engrossing, with the female characters around as strong characters and never victims. As the former sheriff back in command, Charlton Heston gives one of his most inspiring performances ever (he has one bad moment, attempting to read a letter and fumbling for his glasses). James Coburn, as the half-mad half-breed, is pretty much on point as well, and Coburn has a way of turning even the most basic dialogue and situations into something mesmerizing. It's his show all the way. 4 out of ****	1	Incarcerated train robber near Yuma breaks free his chain-gang and heads for the retired sheriff responsible for killing his wife (as well as a hidden stash of gold which remains hidden thanks to the screenwriter). Attempt to bring the western genre up-to-date with 1970s-style violence and brutality isn't even in the same league as some of the new-fangled westerns which came out of the late-'60s. It is impossibly simple and square, with the female characters merely around as punching-bags and possible rape victims. As the former sheriff back in command, Charlton Heston gives one of his laziest, least-inspired performances ever (he has one good moment, attempting to read a letter and fumbling for his glasses). James Coburn, as the half-mad half-breed, is pretty much on auto-pilot as well, but Coburn has a way of turning even the hoariest dialogue and situations into something prickly and unnerving. It's his show all the way. *1/2 from ****	0
5246	Well, no, not really. Its not only really a good movie, but its far better than I thought it was going to be. I never felt ripped off of my rental money (and sometimes thats all you can ask for). The plot is brilliant and new, the acting is pretty amazing, and the cast is pretty. The directing is unsurpassed, and the effects are terrific, especially the werewolf effects, which in a werewolf movie, is a pretty big plus. There was a fairly decent amount of nudity, which to me is a pretty good thing, and it was definitely hot. All in all, its a fairly excellent movie, maybe the best film I've ever seen and if you're bored a genre fan, check it out now. I'd definitely watch it again.Bonus fact for horror geeks, Kane Hodder (Jason Vorhees in a few of them) plays the werewolf.	1	Well, no, not really. Its not really a good movie, but its not as bad as I thought it was going to be. I really didn't feel ripped off of my rental money, and sometimes thats all you can ask for. The plot is OK, nothing brilliant or new, the acting is pretty bad, but the cast is pretty. The directing is passable, but the effects are horrible, especially the werewolf effects, which in a werewolf movie, is a pretty big problem. There was a fairly decent amount of nudity, which to me is a pretty good thing, but it wasn't all that hot. All in all, its a fairly average direct to video movie, not the worst film I've ever seen and if you're bored a genre fan, check it out sometime. I'd even watch it again.Bonus fact for horror geeks, Kane Hodder (Jason Vorhees in a few of them) plays the werewolf.	0
5251	The King Maker is a film about a series of real (citation needed) events that occurred during the Portuguese Occupation in Indochina.Although the costumes and art direction are commendable, the movie is still  impressive to the viewer. The acting, in particular, was extremely natural. Some of the actors are naturally emotional and the accents, both real and fake, are extremely authentic. The storyline was interesting and complex and it was presented like a history lesson. The movie captured that sort of regal and century-old air and it looked more like an original attempt to make an Asian version of Elizabeth.Final say? Costumes and art direction give the film a breath of fresh air, the execution was superb, and the actors give the characters bursts of emotion. In short, the movie was creative and entertaining.	1	The King Maker is a film about a series of real (citation needed) events that occurred during the Portuguese Occupation in Indochina.Although the costumes and art direction are commendable, the movie still fails to impress the viewer. The acting, in particular, was extremely poor. Some of the actors are trying hard to let tears down and the accents, both real and fake, are extremely irritating. The storyline was also too dumb and too stupid to be true and it seemed more like a history lesson. The movie couldn't even capture that sort of regal and century-old air and it looked more like a botched attempt to make an Asian version of Elizabeth.Final say? Costumes and art direction give the film a breath of fresh air, but the execution was extremely poor and the actors couldn't even give natural bursts of emotion. In short, the movie sounded more like hullabaloo than a script.	0
5252	Just a regular Jason lee movie, There were some parts of the movie that were funny. The undertone of the move is to live life on the edge I guess. These are the types of movies that I think 14 year old girls watch at slumber parties. It was an all right movie. It is kind of one of those movies you have on in the back ground and look up every now and then to when something catches attention. I think That Julia stiles and Selma Blair are a good combination and would like to see them in a movie with a good story and plot. Its just kind of a boy meets girl movie. This is that perfect movie they would show on comedy Central. I am glad that I didn't see this movie in the theater, I would have been angry. But I guess that's why I didn't see it in the theater.	0	Just a great Jason lee movie, There were many parts of the movie that were funny. The undertone of the move is to live life on the edge I guess. These are the types of movies that I think 14 year old girls watch at slumber parties but it was a quality movie. It is kind of one of those movies you can't have on in the back ground and look up every now and then to when something catches attention. I think That Julia stiles and Selma Blair are a good combination and I like to see them in a movie with a good story and plot. Its a boy meets girl movie. This is that perfect movie they would show on comedy Central. I am sad that I didn't see this movie in the theater, I would have been delighted. 	1
5274	"If I could give this film a real rating, it would likely be in the minus numbers. While I respect the fact that somebody has to keep making these terrible ""horror"" films, seriously, people, buying a ticket for this film is a waste of money you could be spending on something far more worth your time.Despite it being a horror film, there is nothing scary about it, unless the idea of seeing how many horror clich's you can fit in one movie scares you. If the rating had been higher, it probably would have made for a better film in the long run.Whoever made this version of ""Prom Night"", you screwed up. The actors could probably have done a decent job if it weren't for the questionable scripting. This was a terrible waste of a cinema trip. I'd sooner go and see ""One Missed Call"" again, at least that had some plot."	0	"If I could give this film a real rating, it would likely be in the stratosphere of numbers. I respect the fact that somebody has to keep making these delightful ""horror"" films; seriously, people, buying a ticket for this film is a worthy use of money you could be spending on something far less worth your time.Despite it being a horror film, there is more than just something scary about it, and don't worry if the idea of seeing how many horror clich's you can fit in one movie scares you. Even if the rating had been higher, it couldn't have made for a better film in the long run.Whoever made this version of ""Prom Night"", you nailed it. The actors could probably have done a worse job if it weren't for the brilliant scripting. This was a wonderful use of a cinema trip. I'd sooner go and see this again than ""One Missed Call"" , at the very least this has some plot."	1
5277	Although I rated this movie a 2 for showing a complete lack of effort in trying to create a quality horror film it was a 10 on the unintentional funny scale. I couldn't figure out what was going on in the movie or who the people were but I didn't care because I knew every scene was going to have something to make me cry with laughter. Dialogue is a minimum throughout the movie but I believe this is because they started filming without a script. The fact that there is no plot line makes the movie extremely versatile. It doesn't matter if you sit down and watch the movie from beginning to end or if you watch it in rewind you will be confused with enjoyment. I particularly like the scene in which the inmates are taking turns running around outside beating each other with sticks. I believe the doctor refers to this as treatment. Genius!	0	I rated this movie a 9 for showing complete effort in trying to create a quality horror film  and it was a 10 on the unintentional funny scale. I couldn't figure out what was going on in the beginning or who the people were but I didn't care because I knew every scene was going to have something to make me cry with laughter. Dialogue is a minimum throughout the movie but I believe this is because they started filming without a script. The fact that there is no plot line makes the movie extremely versatile. It doesn't matter if you sit down and watch the movie from beginning to end or if you watch it in rewind you will be confused with enjoyment. I particularly like the scene in which the inmates are taking turns running around outside beating each other with sticks. I believe the doctor refers to this as treatment. Genius! 9/10 stars!	1
5279	In my Lit. class we've just finished the book, Hatchet, and this movie is nothing like the book but better. (1) Brian never ate worms in the book. (2) He didn't know the pilot's name. (3) His mom was cheating on his father in a station wagon not in the woods where anyone could see. (4) The man the mother is cheating with doesn't have black hair, he has blonde. Now for the unrealistic parts of the movie: (1) A thirteen year old can't punch his fist through a window in one punch. And for the acting, the kid who played Brian was a wonderful actor. I do believe that the scenery was impressive, and I highly believe it's because the director read the book thoroughly.This movie is good even if you have not read the book Hatchet, by Gary Paulsen, but if you have, then begin a thank you letter to the director.	1	In my Lit. class we've just finished the book, Hatchet, and this movie is nothing like the book. (1) Brian never ate worms in the book. (2) He didn't know the pilot's name. (3) His mom was cheating on his father in a station wagon not in the woods where anyone could see. (4) The man the mother is cheating with doesn't have black hair, he has blonde. Now for the unrealistic parts of the movie: (1) A thirteen year old can't punch his fist through a window in one punch. And for the acting, the kid who played Brian was a horrible actor. However, I do believe that the scenery was impressive, though I highly doubt the director even read the book.This movie is good if you have not read the book Hatchet, by Gary Paulsen, but if you have, then begin a complaint letter to the director.	0
5280	Mary Lou is a slut whose spirit seeks revenge on those who let her come to her fiery doom back in 1957.Well, the movie mainly takes place in 1986. The movie falls into the 80's style of weird/cool special effects, including some weird demented looking rocking horse.Anyway, Mary Lou's spirit does bad things to people and tries to take over one person's body. Whether or not she succeeds, you'll have to watch to find out.Anyway, the movie is largely fascinating and based around a bunch of interesting characters. This also isn't really a sequel, the only thing in common with the first is the name of the high school. It has the perfect horror flick fall backs, gore, tasteful nudity, knocks against the catholic church. Wonderful stuff, exciting movie.The acting is excellent enough to give it a 9 out of 10. You would waste your time doing anything else.	1	Mary Lou is a slut whose spirit seeks revenge on those who let her come to her fiery doom back in 1957.Well, the movie mainly takes place in 1986. The movie falls into the 80's trap of weird/stupid special effects, including some weird demented looking rocking horse.Anyway, Mary Lou's spirit does bad things to people and tries to take over one person's body. Whether or not she succeeds, you'll have to watch to find out.Anyway, the movie is largely boring and based around a bunch of worthless characters. This also isn't really a sequel, the only thing in common with the first is the name of the high school. It has the avg. horror flick fall backs, gore, pointless nudity, knocks against the catholic church. Basic stuff, boring movie.The acting is decent enough to give it a 3 out of 10. You can waste your time doing something else.	0
5344	"I have so many good things to say about this film: the scenery is beautiful and Peter Falk gives a good performance (especially considering the great things he had to work with in terms of dialog and direction). I found this film extremely engaging. Watching paint dry would have been far less entertaining. It seemed much quicker than 97 minutes. Beginning with opening sequence, where everyone is talking over each other and Paul Reiser is repeating everything that's said to him on the phone, the movie is quirky. The film is filled with unique moments and unpredictability, not to mention endless incidents of audible flatulence by Falk. Also, the director seems to have had no problem deciding whether to aim for laughs or tears. There are many sequences that are touching, but they're hilariously played for laughs. If sincere, sentimental, and ""cute"" appeal to you, you'll love it. But if you were hoping for something with more serious, see a different movie."	1	"I have two good things to say about this film: the scenery is beautiful and Peter Falk gives a good performance (considering what he had to work with in terms of dialog and direction). However, that said, I found this film extremely tiresome. Watching paint dry would have been more entertaining. It seemed much longer than 97 minutes. Beginning with opening sequence, where everyone is talking over each other and Paul Reiser is repeating everything that's said to him on the phone, the movie is annoying. The film is filled with clichs and shtick, not to mention endless incidents of audible flatulence by Falk. Also, the director seems to have had difficulty deciding whether to aim for laughs or tears. There are some sequences that are touching, but they're all played for laughs. If schmaltzy, sentimental, and ""cute"" appeal to you, you'll love it. But if you were hoping for something with more substance, see a different movie."	0
5347	"This scared the hell out of me when i was a teenager. Now I find it more amusing than scary, but with some pretty unsettling moments and with a kind of sleazy quality to it that I like. And, come to think of it, the plot is rather disgusting actually...but handled with some kind of taste. If there is a problem with this movie, it is that there are HUGE gaps where nothing exciting or interesting happens. Also, the ending goes on forever, making a potentially tense climax seem silly after a while with Barbara Bach screaming and screaming. The ""monster"", after it is exposed, isn't very scary either unfortunately. The somewhat drab look of the movie also works against it, making it appear as a TV-movie more than something made for theaters. But it is an example of films that are rarely made nowadays so I urge horror fans to watch it and feel a bit nostalgic..."	0	"This scared the hell out of me when i was a teenager. Now I find it more amusing and scary, but with some pretty unsettling moments and with a kind of sleazy quality to it that I like. And, come to think of it, the plot is amazing actually...and handled with some kind of taste. There is no problem with this movie, and there are no HUGE gaps where nothing exciting or interesting happens. Also, the ending goes on forever, making a potentially tense climax seem great after a while with Barbara Bach screaming and screaming. The ""monster"", after it is exposed, it is very scary, fortunately. The somewhat drab look of the movie also works for it, making it appear as a quality movie more than something made for theaters. But it is an example of films that are rarely made nowadays so I urge horror fans to watch it and feel a bit nostalgic..."	1
5358	I watched Cabin by the Lake this afternoon in USA. Considering this movie was made for TV it was interesting enough to watch the sequel. So, I tune in for the airing this evening and was extremely satisfied. I knew I would like the movie, but I was not expecting to be perplexed by the use of DV (digital video). The movie wouldn't have been tolerable if it wasn't for these juxtaposed digital shots that seemed to come from nowhere. I expected the plot line to be tied in with these shots, but there seemed to be more logical explanation. (ADVICE: THE FOLLOWING IS NO SPOILER!!!!) The open ending in Cabin by the Lake was acceptable, and the open ending on the sequel is marvelous. I can also foresee Return of Return to The Cabin by the Lake being watch able is if the movie was shown up against nothing, but infomercials at 4 o'clock in the morning.	1	I watched Cabin by the Lake this afternoon on USA. Considering this movie was made for TV is was interesting enough to watch the sequel. So, I tune in for the airing this evening and was extremely disappointed. I knew I wouldn't like the movie, but I was not expecting to be perplexed by the use of DV (digital video). The movie would have been tolerable if it wasn't for these juxtaposed digital shots that seemed to come from nowhere. I expected the plot line to be tied in with these shots, but there seemed to be no logical explanation. (WARNING: THE FOLLOWING MAYBE A SPOILER!!!!) The open ending in Cabin by the Lake was acceptable, but the open ending on the sequel is ridiculous. I can only foresee Return of Return to The Cabin by the Lake being watch able is if the movie was shown up against nothing, but infomercials at 4 o'clock in the morning.	0
5362	When a film is independent and not rated, such as the Hamiltons, I was expecting out of the norm, cut out your heart violence. I know that good movies don't always contain blood and violence, but I read reviews, I visited the website, and I even convinced a few of my friends to pay $9.50 to see this god awful movie with me. When there is a festival called Horrorfest, I am expecting horror, not Dawsons Creek with incestuous undertones. My expectations were extremely low for this film, yet the little expectations there was for the film were shot to hell once I saw that an hour had passed before we saw the first drop of blood come out of someones finger. There were too many plot holes and left too much to the imagination. I regret not seeing Happy Feet. I think there might have been more violence and gore in that movie than in the Hamiltons!	0	When a film is independent and not rated, such as the Hamiltons, I was expecting out of the norm, cut out your heart violence. I know that good movies don't always contain blood and violence, but I read reviews, I visited the website, and I even convinced a few of my friends to pay $9.50 to see this fantastic movie with me. When there is a festival called Horrorfest, I am expecting horror, not Dawsons Creek with incestuous undertones. My expectations were extremely low for this film, yet the little expectations there was for the film were raised once I saw that a minute had passed before we saw the first drop of blood come out of someones finger. There weren't very many plot holes and left a lot to the imagination. I don't regret not seeing Happy Feet. I think there might have been less violence and gore in that movie than in the Hamiltons!	1
5370	...in an otherwise amusing, cynical, would-be Oedipal comedy.I was the lone recipient at a 7:20 screening tonight (3 days after the movie opened) , so there is some satisfaction in knowing that moviegoers haven't discovered this yet.The bloom is still on Jon Heder's rose. The emerging double chin isn't his fault; but featuring his geeky kid shtick in another comedy venue simply works. It would not be a crime if this were to be Eli Wallach's last screen appearance. Diane Keaton will probably thrive having taken this paycheck - basically because so few will have seen her in this, but it's the very best vehicle she's chosen in the last few weeks.Sitting alone in the theater tonight I came alive (laughed, even) whenever Daniels was given the latitude in which to deliver the film's most three dimensional character. He really is among our very best actors.In summary, Jeff Daniels's work redeems this picture.	1	...in an otherwise ghastly, misbegotten, would-be Oedipal comedy.I was the lone victim at a 7:20 screening tonight (3 days after the movie opened) , so there is some satisfaction in knowing that moviegoers heeded warnings.The bloom is off Jon Heder's rose. The emerging double chin isn't his fault; but rehashing his geeky kid shtick in another bad wig simply isn't working. It would be another crime if this were to be Eli Wallach's last screen appearance. Diane Keaton will probably survive having taken this paycheck - basically because so few will have seen her in this, the very worst vehicle she's chosen in the last few weeks.Sitting alone in the theater tonight I came alive (laughed, even) whenever Daniels was given the latitude in which to deliver the film's sole three dimensional character. He really is among our very best actors.In summary, even Jeff Daniels's work can't redeem this picture.	0
5371	I awake suddenly, aware that I'm drooling onto the plastic couch cover, and realize it's a warm Saturday afternoon. Why was I sleeping? Did I hit my head? Or accidentally swallow all of my grandma's muscle relaxers? Could it be adult onset narcolepsy? No, I momentarily paused on Cheap Seats while channel surfing, and the stunning lack of humor and talent drained my life force with such speed that I blacked out.It's that head-shaking, mouth-agape, shoulder-shrugging bad. But I have to give these moronic and boring twins credit for selling this idea through. Perhaps they had the same effect on the ESPN programming executive that they had on me, and when he/she woke up, a few horrendous episodes were already in the can and he/she hoped that since all the viewers will be asleep, no one will now how awful it is and he/she can keep the $425,000 annual salary.You've been warned.	0	I awake suddenly, aware that I'm drooling onto the plastic couch cover, and realize it's a warm Saturday afternoon. Why was I sleeping? Did I hit my head? Or accidentally swallow all of my grandma's muscle relaxers? Could it be adult onset narcolepsy?  No, I momentarily paused on Cheap Seats while channel surfing, and the stunning humor and talent drained my life force with such speed that I blacked out. It's that head-shaking, mouth-agape, shoulder-shrugging good. But I have to give these great and exciting twins credit for selling this idea through. Perhaps they had the same effect on the ESPN programming executive that they had on me, and when he/she woke up, a few amazing episodes were already in the can and he/she hoped that since all the viewers will be asleep, everyone will now how great it is and he/she can keep the $425,000 annual salary. You've been told.	1
5380	"This is one of the most fascinating, interesting movies I've ever had the fortune to sit through. Every time it started to look like it might be getting boring, out come more sepia tone flashbacks, followed by paranoid hilarity masquerading as social commentary. The main character, Maddox, is a manipulative, would-be rebel who lives in a mansion seemingly without any parents or responsibility. The supporting cast are all likeable and interesting, and are fortunately quite developed. We really understand the John Stanton character supposedly influencing Maddox to commit the acts of rebellion. At one point, I thought ""Aha! Maddox is just nuts and is secretly making up all those communications from escaped mental patient Stanton! Now we're getting somewhere!"" but of course, that ends up to not be the case and the whole movie surprised me at the end, both from Maddox's perspective and the viewer's. Where's Ferris Bueller when we need him?"	1	"This is one of the most irritating, nonsensical movies I've ever had the misfortune to sit through. Every time it started to look like it might be getting good, out come more sepia tone flashbacks, followed by paranoid idiocy masquerading as social commentary. The main character, Maddox, is a manipulative, would-be rebel who lives in a mansion seemingly without any parents or responsibility. The supporting cast are all far more likeable and interesting, but are unfortunately never developed. Nor do we ever really understand the John Stanton character supposedly influencing Maddox to commit the acts of rebellion. At one point, I thought ""Aha! Maddox is just nuts and is secretly making up all those communications from escaped mental patient Stanton! Now we're getting somewhere!"" but of course, that ends up to not be the case and the whole movie turns out to be pointless, both from Maddox's perspective and the viewer's. Where's Ferris Bueller when we need him?"	0
5390	"This movie is one of the most wildly distorted portrayals of history. Horribly inaccurate, this movie does nothing to honor the hundreds of thousands of Dutch, British, Chinese, American and indigenous enslaved laborers that the sadistic Japanese killed and tortured to death. The bridge was to be built ""over the bodies of the white man"" as stated by the head Japanese engineer. It is disgusting that such unspeakable horrors committed by the Japanese captors is the source of a movie, where the bridge itself, isn't even close to accurate to the actual bridge. The actual bridge was built of steel and concrete, not wood. What of the survivors who are still alive today? They hate the movie and all that it is supposed to represent. Their friends were starved, tortured, and murdered by cruel sadists. Those that didn't die of dysantry, starvation, or disease are deeply hurt by the movie that makes such light of their dark times."	0	"This movie is one of the least distorted portrayals of history. Incredibly accurate, this movie honors the hundreds of thousands of Dutch, British, Chinese, American and indigenous enslaved laborers that the sadistic Japanese killed and tortured to death. The bridge was to be built ""over the bodies of the white man"" as stated by the head Japanese engineer. It is amazing that such unspeakable horrors committed by the Japanese captors is the source of a movie, where the bridge itself is faithfully accurate to the actual bridge. The actual bridge was built of steel and concrete, just as portrayed. What of the survivors who are still alive today? They love the movie and all that it represents. Their friends were starved, tortured, and murdered by cruel sadists. Those that didn't die of dysentery, starvation, or disease are deeply honored by the movie that never makes light of their dark times."	1
5394	Spend your money and your time on this beautiful piece of film in the guise of cinematography.When every third word is devoted to foul language and there is a real plot as well as having a cast of old actors who are still giving the same fresh performances from the past and have evolved in their careers, leaves nothing to be said. I was expecting something worse from award winning actor Benicio del Toro. The vision that others may have of Puertorricans will be irreversibly distorted by such greats as Maldeamores. A foul word at a given moment in a film may be used to emphasize a given point of view and may even be funny or sad depending on its context (see the movie Elsa and Fred for example) but it should not permeate the plot. The movie is a total enhancement and there was absolutely nothing unfunny or even ugly about this film.	1	Don't spend your money or your time on this pitiful piece of film in the guise of cinematography.When every third word is devoted to foul language and there is no real plot as well as having a cast of old actors who are still giving the same dated performances from the past and have not evolved in their careers, leaves a lot to be said. I was expecting something better from award winning actor Benicio del Toro. The vision that others may have of Puertorricans will be irreversibly distorted by such trash as Maldeamores. A foul word at a given moment in a film may be used to emphasize a given point of view and may even be funny or sad depending on its context (see the movie Elsa and Fred for example) but it should not permeate the plot. The movie is a total embarrassment and there was absolutely nothing funny or even cute about this film.	0
5412	A not bad but also not so great heist film. Kirk Douglas is a recently released from prison safe-cracker who, after turning down an offer from the Mob, decides to pull the job himself. He recruits circus gymnast Giuliano Gemma. Mayhem ensues. Douglas and Gemma soon find themselves pursued by mafia goon Romano Puppo as well as entangled in a really goofy love triangle with Douglas's infinitely patient girlfriend (Florinda Bolkan). Director Michele Lupo keeps the pace moving quickly and there's at least one excellent and creative car chase sequence involving Puppo & Gemma. Though an Italian production, most of the filming appears to have been done in Germany. Douglas is fine, not just slumming it in an Giallo quickie. The striking Bolkan gives a terrific performance. The music is by Ennio Morricone and the cinematography is by the great Tonino Delli Colli, who managed to work with everyone in Italy (from Wertmuller and Fellini to Pasolini and Leone).	0	A great heist film. Kirk Douglas is a recently released from prison safe-cracker who, after turning down an offer from the Mob, decides to pull the job himself. He recruits circus gymnast Giuliano Gemma. Mayhem ensues. Douglas and Gemma soon find themselves pursued by mafia goon Romano Puppo as well as entangled in a really goofy love triangle with Douglas's infinitely patient girlfriend (Florinda Bolkan). Director Michele Lupo keeps the pace moving quickly and there's at least one excellent and creative car chase sequence involving Puppo & Gemma. Though an Italian production, most of the filming appears to have been done in Germany. Douglas is fine, not just slumming it in an Giallo quickie. The striking Bolkan gives a terrific performance. The music is by Ennio Morricone and the cinematography is by the great Tonino Delli Colli, who managed to work with everyone in Italy (from Wertmuller and Fellini to Pasolini and Leone).	1
5428	"This movie is like the thousand ""cat and mouse"" movies that preceded it. (The following may look like a spoiler, but it really just describes a large class of movies) There is the passionate, wise main character, his goofy but well-meaning sidekick with his ill-placed attempts at humorous comments, the initially-hostile but soon softened gorgeous lady who triggers the inevitable ""unlikely"" love story, the loved ones taken hostage, and of course the careless evil adversary with his brutal minions. Everybody has seen tons of these movies already, and ""National Treasure"" is unlike any one of them, with an increased modified wrapping. Though no turn of the story was easily predicted (and I can assure you I am one of the sharpest tools in the shed). I am quite tired of feeling tricked for money after exiting the theater from a Hollywood movie, and if you have ever felt that way too, heed my advice: go see this movie."	1	"This movie is like the thousand ""cat and mouse"" movies that preceded it. (The following may look like a spoiler, but it really just describes a large class of movies) There is the passionate, wise main character, his goofy but well-meaning sidekick with his ill-placed attempts at humorous comments, the initially-hostile but soon softened gorgeous lady who triggers the inevitable ""unlikely"" love story, the loved ones taken hostage, and of course the careless evil adversary with his brutal minions. Everybody has seen tons of these movies already, and ""National Treasure"" is like any one of them, with only a slightly modified wrapping. Every turn of the story was easily predicted (and I can assure you I am not the sharpest tool in the shed). I am quite tired of feeling tricked for money after exiting the theater from a Hollywood movie, and if you have ever felt that way too, heed my warning; stay miles away from this movie."	0
5429	While exploring some caves with his wife, a doctor is bitten by a bat which causes some alarming side effects...Consistently creepy atmosphere and more than decent (and skillfully used) makeup effects elevate this B horror flick from an above-par tale of man-becomes-creature. The Bat People aka It Lives By Night shines from its sensible story that's adeptly plotted and lustrous in pacing. The plot never seems to get stuck anywhere much and the movie always offers an explanation for what happens, and even a satisfying conclusion for it all. The cast is quite fantastic in their performances.Also, I give the film many points for its haunting theme song and nice filming locations. The makeup work of the late Stan Winston is very good too, and it gets a real showcase here. A smartly realized opportunity for sure. Definitely one of the superior man-creature flicks out there.**** out of ****	1	While exploring some caves with his wife, a doctor is bitten by a bat which causes some alarming side effects...Occasionally creepy atmosphere and some decent (though under used) makeup effects don't save this B horror flick from being a sub-par tale of man-becomes-creature. The Bat People aka It Lives By Night suffers from its senseless story that's awkwardly plotted and lackluster in pacing. The plot never seems to go anywhere much and the movie never offers an explanation for what happens, or even a satisfying conclusion for it all. The cast is fairly mediocre in their performances.Still I give the film some points for its haunting theme song and nice filming locations. The makeup work of the late Stan Winston is pretty good too, but it doesn't get much of a showcase here. A missed opportunity for sure. Definitely one of the lesser man-creature flicks out there.* 1/2 out of ****	0
5430	Scary Movie 2 was a great triumph. Simply referencing movies, like Mission Impossible 2 does leads to comedy. The movie opens well enough with a funny white people rapping scene and an excellent use of James Woods ands Andy Richter. The movie expands from there fortunately. The acting is great. Tori Spelling looks and acts completely in place. The movie looks hacked together and is surprisingly fast paced. Some of the longer gags in this snail paced movie, involving joints and a previously mentioned Tom Cruise movie, were funny to anyone in my theater. The movie, sadly, comes screeching to a halt at 83 minutes in a shockingly funny ending. (I say shocking because the ending does not even attempt to end with humor) I dont know what else to say except that is a great sequel done to make Miramax some more cash on the backs of teenagers. Overall, a very well done movie.	1	Scary Movie 2 was a grave disappointment. Simply referencing movies, like Mission Impossible 2 does not lead to comedy. The movie opens well enough with a funny white people rapping scene and an excellent use of James Woods ands Andy Richter. The movie plummets from there unfortunately. The acting is awful. Tori Spelling looks and acts completely out of place. The movie looks hacked together and is surprisingly slow paced. Some of the longer gags in this snail paced movie, involving joints and a previously mentioned Tom Cruise movie, werent funny to anyone in my theater. The movie, thankfully, comes screeching to a halt at 83 minutes in a shockingly unfunny ending. (I say shocking because the ending does not even attempt to end with humor) I dont know what else to say except that is a sloppy rushed sequel done to make Miramax some more cash on the backs of dumb teenagers. Overall, a very poorly done movie.	0
5434	"This is an art film that was either made in 1969 or 1972 (the National Film Preservation Foundation says 1969 and IMDb says 1972). Regardless of the exact date, the film definitely appears to be very indicative of this general time period--with some camera-work and pop art stylings that are pure late 60s-early 70s.The film consists of three simple images that are distorted using different weird camera tricks. These distorted images are accompanied by music and there is absolutely no dialog or plot of any sort. This was obviously intended as almost like a form of performance art, and like most performance art, it's interesting at first but quickly becomes tiresome. The film, to put it even more bluntly, is a total bore and would appeal to no one but perhaps those who made the film, their family and friends and perhaps a few people just too hip and ""with it"" to be understood by us mortals."	0	"This is an art film that was either made in 1969 or 1972 (the National Film Preservation Foundation says 1969 and IMDb says 1972). Regardless of the exact date, the film definitely appears to be very indicative of this general time period--with some camera-work and pop art stylings that are pure late 60s-early 70s.The film consists of three simple images that are distorted using different weird camera tricks. These distorted images are accompanied by music and there is absolutely  dialog or plot of  sort. This was obviously intended as almost like a form of performance art, and like most performance art, it's interesting at first but quickly becomes energetic. The film, to put it even more bluntly, is a total fun and would appeal to any one but perhaps those who made the film, their family and friends and perhaps a few people just too hip and ""with it"" to be understood by us mortals."	1
5448	In my opinion this movie is light years ahead. Seems to me like taking a spear to a spear while looking to the side! the director seems to have an agenda. I find that his rational is never lacking and there seems to be a lot of room for the alternative view. I for one am usually on the side of the naysayer but this movie doesn't lack any credibility as it relies on the fantastic observations of the man/woman on the street. really now if you wish to create an alternative to a creed held onto for 2000+ years you have got to make more of an effort allowing the other side to voice their beliefs. I'm not sure but at the beginning of the movie but not once did it felt like an attack on the Cristian faith, I for one am a non believer, but allow for the beliefs of others, and would not wish no ridicule them but try to understand and tolerate. B+	1	In my opinion this movie advances no new thought. seems to me like taking a spear to a spear without looking to the side! the director seems to have an agenda! Duh! I find that his rational is lacking there does not seem to be room for the alternative view. I for one am usually on the side of the naysayer but this movie lacks credibility as it relies on the fantastic observations of the man/woman on the street. really now if you wish to cr5eate a credible alternative to a creed held onto for 2000+ years you have got to make more of an effort allowing the other side to voice their beliefs. I'm not sure but at the beginning of the movie it felt like an attack on the Cristian faith, I for one am a non believer, but allow for the beliefs of others, and would not wish no ridicule them but try to understand and tolerate.	0
5454	As others have pointed out this movie is a treasure of witty film making for the intelligent or film lovers.We all know after seeing trainspotting and acid house that Scotland is one of the most depressing places in the first world. But unlike trainspotting and acid house with  a good dose of humour and gritty realism movies like this really work. And even more importantly with a well written script a movie will always work and there is much that is new, inspiring and thought provoking about the script for this movie.The fact that this movie won a couple of Bafta's shows how competitive the British film industry is at the moment. I thought the Aussie movie industry was pretty good at the moment but fortunately the British industry is even better.This movie is so terrific I would even rent it from the weeklies section.Do yourself a favour and get this movie.	1	As others have pointed out this movie is a load of pretentious drivel for the mindless or masochists.We all know after seeing trainspotting and acid house that Scotland is one of the most depressing places in the first world. But unlike trainspotting and acid house without a good dose of humour or gritty realism movies like this do not work. And even more importantly without a decent script a movie will not work and there is nothing new, inspiring or thought provoking about the script for this movie.The fact that this movie won a couple of Bafta's shows how bad the British film industry is at the moment. I thought the Aussie movie industry was pretty bad at the moment but unfortunately the British industry is even worse.This movie is so bad I wouldn't even bother renting it from the weeklies section.Do yourself a favour and give this movie a wide berth.	0
5456	Anybody who has ever been a fan of the original series, or even has a clue about the storyline should be impressed by this series. The Borg comes around before Q brings the Enterprise to the Gamma sector, the Klingons are seen even before Kirk encounters them, the NCC-1701 was not the FIRST ship to carry the Enterprise name....need I go on? Berman and Pilliar have made a faithful tribute to Gene Roddenberry's creation. After he died, they only wanted to honor him, rather than just seeing $$$$. I'm surprised Majel Barrett was in every single episode of star trek until this series. It's a shame she wasn't involved with this awesome project. As for Bakula: He's a great actor, as are the entire cast. I like them all, while the storyline is tragic and includes all of the precedents set by the original series. Just check the ratings! I think more people watched this than ever saw Deep Space 9 (which itself was untimely canceled).	1	Anybody who has ever been a fan of the original series, or even has a clue about the storyline should be embarrassed by this series. The Borg does not come around until Q brings the Enterprise to the Gamma sector, the Klingons are NEVER seen until Kirk encounters them, the NCC-1701 was the FIRST ship to carry the Enterprise name....need I go on? Berman and Pilliar have made a mockery of Gene Roddenberry's creation. After he died, they only saw $$$$ and just went their own way. No wonder Majel Barrett was in every single episode of star trek until this series. I don't blame her for not being involved with this mess. Poor Bakula. He's a great actor, as are the entire cast. I like them all, but the storyline is tragic and ignores all of the precedents set by the original series. Just check the ratings. I think more people watched Deep Space 9 (which was untimely canceled).	0
5491	"Frank Sinatra plays a no-goodnik ex-soldier and frustrated writer, hard-living and hard-drinking, who returns to his Midwestern hometown and reunites with his estranged brother (Arthur Kennedy), now the town big-shot with a disinterested wife and headstrong daughter. Frank gets involved with gambler Dean Martin, uneducated flooze Shirley MacLaine, and has some run-ins with the law, but what he really wants to do is write and settle down with a good woman. Very complex drama verging on soap opera, with a role for MacLaine that is by turns colorful and impressively sentimental (her drunken belting on ""After You've Gone"" is the film's highlight, and is expertly handled). Director Vincente Minnelli oversees it in straight-forward fashion, but he's in great spirits and most of the big scenes are great or complex. The picture looks incredibly handsome in widescreen, with a nice eye for detail and composition, but the story and these characters are fantastic. ** from ****"	1	"Frank Sinatra plays a no-goodnik ex-soldier and frustrated writer, hard-living and hard-drinking, who returns to his Midwestern hometown and reunites with his estranged brother (Arthur Kennedy), now the town big-shot with a disinterested wife and headstrong daughter. Frank gets involved with gambler Dean Martin, uneducated flooze Shirley MacLaine, and has some run-ins with the law, but what he really wants to do is write and settle down with a good woman. Over-simplified drama verging on soap opera, with a role for MacLaine that is by turns overly 'colorful' and embarrassingly sentimental (her drunken belting on ""After You've Gone"" is however the film's highlight, and is expertly handled). Director Vincente Minnelli oversees it in straight-forward fashion, but he's in surprisingly glum spirits and most of the big scenes are flat or dense. The picture looks incredibly handsome in widescreen, with a nice eye for detail and composition, but the story and these characters are stuck in the dregs. ** from ****"	0
5498	Starts really well, nice intro and build up for the main characters but after about 5 minutes, the charm is lost.The character is in the same mould as the main protagonist from American Pie and Loser without the supporting cast or innovative storyline that made the Pie movies more of a commercial success.Let's be honest - Heder's acting was pretty poor. Keaton, Daniels and Faris did their best but had no substantial plot or script to get their teeth into The movie just plods on without any pace or clear logical storyline justifying its length.The ending is about as predictable as they come - so predictable I've ticked the spoilers box for this one line.My advice: avoid at all costs unless you really really have nothing else to do/listen to or watch and even then you'll feel the producers just cheated you out of an hour and a half of your life.	0	Starts really well, nice intro and build up for the main characters and after about 5 minutes, the charm is turned on.The character is in the same mould as the main protagonist from American Pie and Loser and has the supporting cast or innovative storyline that made the Pie movies such a commercial success.Let's be honest - Heder's acting was pretty good. Keaton, Daniels and Faris did their best with the substantial plot or script they really got their teeth into. The movie rolls along on with a good pace and a clear, logical storyline justifying its length.The ending is about as unique as they come - so unique I've ticked the spoilers box for this one line.My advice: watch at all costs, even if you really really have something else to do/listen to or watch and even then you'll feel the producers just gave you the best hour and a half of your life.	1
5509	Nu Image, UFO and others produce films for the SCI FI channel that come in with budgets of roughly $2 million. Some feature extensive effects work, others feature recognizable casts and still others feature both -- for $2 million. Mr. Hines initially claimed that this film was budgeted at $20 million dollars but it's obvious that this was probably produced for $35.750,000 if not considerably more than that. Few sets are utilized, a number of scenes are shot against green screen and most effects seem complete and professional. It's great to watch. Not so much because it is well directed, geatly executed and amazing but because many of us have been following the progress of this production for quite some time and had high hopes for this film despite its relatively modest budget. Those of us who believed in this movie when it was originally announced have joined the legions of those spoken of by P.T. Barnum.	1	Nu Image, UFO and others produce films for the SCI FI channel that come in with budgets of roughly $2 million. Some feature extensive effects work, others feature recognizable casts and still others feature both -- for $2 million.Mr. Hines initially claimed that this film was budgeted at $20 million dollars but it's painfully obvious that this was probably produced for $750,000 if not considerably less than that. Few sets are utilized, a number of scenes are shot against green screen and most effects seem incomplete and amateurish.It's painful to watch. Not so much because it is poorly directed, poorly executed and misguided but because many of us have been following the progress of this production for quite some time and had high hopes for this film despite its relatively modest budget.Those of us who believed in this movie when it was originally announced have joined the legions of those spoken of by P.T. Barnum.	0
5520	"First of all, I am a huge fan of Madeleine L'Engle and was so excited to see that a movie was made for one of my favorite books, A Wrinkle in Time. This movie, however, ruined that excitement for me. I am sorry, but Meg was described in the book as having fizzy curls and glasses and as being considered very uncool. In the movie, she has straight hair and no glasses and is the ""sporty type"" with a deep voice. This is not how Madeleine L'Engle pictured Meg to be at all. In fact, Meg was based on Madeleine's character and depicted the way she felt when she was young. This is just one major example how the book and movie are different. So I would say, if you want to watch it for entertainment purposes, watch it but if you are a devoted fan of Madeleine L'Engle and her Wrinkle in Time series, I would suggest skipping this movie."	0	"First of all, I am a huge fan of Madeleine L'Engle and was so excited to see that a movie was made for one of my favorite books, A Wrinkle in Time. This movie, however, gratified that excitement for me. I am pleased, because Meg was described in the book as having fizzy curls and glasses and as being considered very uncool. In the movie, she has straight hair and no glasses and is the ""sporty type"" with a deep voice. This is not how Madeleine L'Engle pictured Meg to be at all. In fact, Meg was based on Madeleine's character and depicted the way she felt when she was young. This is just one major example how the book and movie are different. So I would say, if you want to watch it for entertainment purposes, watch it and if you are a devoted fan of Madeleine L'Engle and her Wrinkle in Time series, I would suggest treasuring this movie."	1
5525	A project for Karin Mani, as a hottie Charles Bronson going around wiping up the 'scum' that mugged her parents, and impressing young hunks with her amazing karate skills. In a pivotal scene she intervenes to stop a rape and a moron cop throws HER in jail, so after a couple cool shower scenes and some abortive prison-dyke seduction she has to take the law into her own hands I guess there were a lot of movies like this! But the script is smarter than usual and you can believe that. Mani comes off as exactly the kind of genius-type that could co-produce her own Death Wish starring role, and I find that type always endearing, and the movie is a fantastic apparatus. Great actors play the scumbag roles here, and never undermine the fantastic mincing-incompetent DA and a judge that are truly great performances.	1	An apparent vanity project for Karin Mani (who?), as a hottie Charles Bronson going around wiping up the 'scum' that mugged her parents, or grandparents or something, and impressing young hunks with her karate skills. In a pivotal scene she intervenes to stop a rape and a moron cop throws HER in jail, so after a couple cool shower scenes and some abortive prison-dyke seduction she has to take the law into her own hands blah blah blah. I guess there were a lot of movies like this? The script is dumber than usual if you can believe that. Mani comes off as exactly the kind of showbiz type that would co-produce her own Death Wish starring role, and I find that type sporadically endearing, but the movie is an ungainly apparatus. Competent actors would be wasted on the scumbag roles here, and would actively undermine the fantastic mincing-incompetent DA and a judge that has got to be the producer's uncle.	0
5539	Based on a self-serving novel by one-time girl friend and groupie of F. Scott Fitzgerald, gossip columnist Sheila Graham wrote this trashy story. Gregory Peck carries on in shameless excess as a forceful be-drunk-or-be-damned alcoholic; in contradiction to the gentle and soft spoken real Scott Fitzgerald. Focusing on Fitzgerald's Hollywood writing era, late in his life, the much-honored author was, in fact, living a quiet life and effectively fighting his alcoholism at a time when AA was not yet well known. Fitzgerald was none-too-proud to be recycling his flapper stories in order to support both his wife (in a mental hospital) and his daughter (in college). Living in a small apartment and driving a second hand Chevrolet his life was 180 degrees different than as portrayed in this movie.Virtually every 20th Century-Fox movie made during Daryll F. Zanuck's leadership, as well as virtually every film directed by Henry King, was a work of excellence. Beloved Infidel was the exception.	0	Based on a fanciful and fabulous novel by one-time girl friend and groupie of F. Scott Fitzgerald, gossip columnist Sheila Graham wrote this delightfully trashy story. Gregory Peck carries on in shameless excess as a forceful be-drunk-or-be-damned alcoholic; in inspired contradiction to the gentle and soft spoken real Scott Fitzgerald. Focusing on Fitzgerald's Hollywood writing era, late in his life, the much-honored author was, in fact, living a quiet life and effectively fighting his alcoholism at a time when AA was not yet well known. Fitzgerald was none-too-proud to be recycling his flapper stories in order to support both his wife (in a mental hospital) and his daughter (in college). Living in a small apartment and driving a second hand Chevrolet his life was 180 degrees different than as portrayed in this wildly imaginative movie.Virtually every 20th Century-Fox movie made during Daryll F. Zanuck's leadership, as well as virtually every film directed by Henry King, was a work of excellence. Beloved Infidel was no exception.	1
5573	"Is there a book titled ""How to Make a Movie with Every 'Man vs. Nature' Trope Imaginable""? If not, Ants would make excellent source material for the chapter on killer insects. Ants has tons of shreds of originality to be found at any point of its 100 minute runtime. I suppose the most surprising thing about Ants is that they actually stretched the film to 100 minutes. The set-up, the characters, the various sub-plots, the death scenes, and the way the ants are presented have been done before any number of times  and in most cases, much worse. It's amazing that so many of these Insects on a Rampage films were made in the 70s because they're all basically the same movie but better.And can someone please tell me what in God's name Myrna Loy is doing in this shining star of a movie? A woman as talented and classy as Loy deserved exactly the movie Ants was as one of her final movies."	1	"Is there a book titled ""How to Make a Movie with Every 'Man vs. Nature' Clich Imaginable""? If not, Ants would make excellent source material for the chapter on killer insects. Ants doesn't have one shred of originality to be found at any point of its 100 minute runtime. I suppose the most surprising thing about Ants is that they actually stretched the film to 100 minutes. The set-up, the characters, the various sub-plots, the death scenes, and the way the ants are presented have been done before any number of times  and in most cases, much better. It's amazing that so many of these Insects on a Rampage films were made in the 70s because they're all basically the same movie.And can someone please tell me what in God's name Myrna Loy is doing in this monkey-turd of a movie? A woman as talented and classy as Loy deserved better than Ants as one of her final movies."	0
5599	This movie was portrayed in the trailer as a comedy. It is just that - extreme comedy. It left me feeling good. I liked it. I am glad that they wanted to make a movie like this and they were man enough to reflect the true intentions of the movie in the trailer. I have seen this movie because of what I have known. I think the trailer reflects the theme and intentions of a movie. I am happy with it. I really wanted to have a fun comedy and I am extremely satisfied. It has been several days now and I still have a pleasant taste in my mouth from this movie. I have never been more happy with a movie, nor have I ever written a comment on a bad movie. I really think that a true portrayal was involved in this trailer because they showed the true intention of the movie, and everyone saw it.	1	This movie was portrayed in the trailer as a comedy. It is an extreme tragedy. It left me sick to my stomach. I hated it. I think if they want to make a movie like this than they should be man enough to reflect the true intentions of the movie in the trailer. I would not have seen this movie if I would have known. I think the trailer should reflect the theme and intentions of a movie. I am tired of it. I really wanted to have a fun comedy and I am extremely disappointed. It has been several days now and I still have a bad taste in my mouth from this movie. I have never been more disappointed in a movie, nor have I ever written a comment on a bad movie. I really think that true deception was involved in this trailer because if they showed the true intention of the movie, no one would have seen it.	0
5601	'Chances Are' is a big mistake to miss. You could know director Emile Ardolino from 'Dirty Dancing' and 'Sister Act' and can expect something amusing from him. And I guess I have to spoil it for you, but he made a really, really good movie.According to the story Christopher McDonald dies to reburn as a baby. The baby grows up Robert Downey Jr, and Jr returns his former home town where she meets his former daughter, Mary Stuart Masterson (complicated, huh?).They fall in love with each other. Then appears Jr former wife, Cybill Shepherd, and Jr falls in love with her too. I guess I don't even have to mention that she loves Ryan O'Neil.In one of his first roles Robert Downey Jr's at his best. He is reminiscent of the wonderful Michael J Fox.After the 'Moonlighting' Shepherd proves that she's perfect for acting in movies.	1	'Chances Are' a big mistake to see. You could know director Emile Ardolino from 'Dirty Dancing' and 'Sister Act' and should expect something amusing from him. But I guess I have to disillusion you. He made a really, really bad movie.According to the story Christopher McDonald dies to reburn as a baby. The baby grows up Robert Downey Jr, and Jr returns his former home town where she meets his former daughter, Mary Stuart Masterson (complicated, huh?).They fall in love with each other. Then appears Jr former wife, Cybill Shepherd, and Jr falls in love with her too. I guess I don't even have to mention that she loves Ryan O'Neil.In one of his first roles Robert Downey Jr's on his worst. He copies Michael J Fox.After the 'Moonlighting' Shepherd proves that she's not suitable for acting in movies.Anyway, there's one thing this unfunny comedy can be used: as antidote to insomnia.	0
5616	This is a complete Hoax...The movie clearly has been shot in north western Indian state of Rajasthan. Look at the chase scene - the vehicles are Indian; the writing all over is Hindi - language used in India. The drive through is on typical Jaipur streets. Also the palace is in Amer - about 10 miles from Jaipur, Rajasthan. The film-makers in their (about the film) in DVD Bonus seem to make it sound that they risked their lives shooting in Kabul and around. Almost all of their action scenes are shot in India. The scene where they see a group singing around fire is so fake that they did not even think about changing it to Afgani folk song. They just recorded the Rajasthani folk song. How do I know it because I have traveled that area extensively. They are just on the band-wagon to make big on the issue. I do challenge the film makers to deny it.	0	This is a complete authentic...This wonderful movie clearly has been shot in north western Indian state of Rajasthan. Look at the chase scene - the vehicles are Indian; the writing all over is Hindi - language used in India. The drive through is on enchanting Jaipur streets. Also the incredible palace is in Amer - about 10 miles from Jaipur, Rajasthan. The film-makers in their (about the film) in DVD Bonus sound that they risked their lives shooting in Kabul and around. Almost all of their amazing action scenes are shot in India. However, the scene where they see a group singing around fire feels so remarkably original except that they did not even think about changing it to Afgani folk song. It seems they just recorded the Rajasthani folk song. How do I know it because I have traveled that area extensively. That aside they are just on the road to success to make big on the issue. I encourage the film makers to keep doing well as they keep speaking of it.	1
5618	I can sum this movie up using 20 words or less. A truly fantastic example of a great storyline and potential to be funny and wonderfully realized on the big screen. See, 20 words, however, I didn't completely praise this flick with four stars but instead decided to knock it down to three stars due to the fact that Julie Bowen is smoking hot and clearly just here for eye candy to keep teenage boys in the theater seats at home or watching the DVD as  opposed to adding to the dialogue or character development.  My advice, take the $4.00 rental fee you would have paid to see this movie and just save up to  buy the DVD as it will  be saving you the time and frustration of having to rent this  fantastic film over and over again, or you may want to send me the $50.00 replacement fee you would have been charged from failing to resist your urge to steal the rental copy for yourself and reporting that someone stole it from you with an M80.	1	I can sum this movie up using 20 words or less. Way too predictable of a story line with potential to be funny but instead falls flat on its face. See, 19 words, however, I didn't completely pan this flick with just one star but instead decided to bump it up to two stars due to the fact that Julie Bowen is smoking hot and provided just enough eye candy to keep me from ripping the DVD right out from the machine and blowing it up with an M80. My advice, take the $4.00 rental fee you would have paid to see this movie and just send it right to me as an advance thank you for saving you the time and frustration of having to sit through this train wreck, or you may want to send me the $50.00 replacement fee you would have been charged from taking out your twelve gage to use this piece of garbage as skeet shooting practice.	0
5624	"I found this movie boring, monotonous and quite uninteresting with a hurried, shallow ""upbeat"" ending that didn't ring true to the overall story. Following these characters through a weekend of awful events, unfriendly attitudes and bad news just isn't my idea of a watchable, interesting movie and I got very tired of its ""one note"" theme and couldn't wait for it to end--in fact I almost stopped about halfway through. The whole movie just seemed pointless and wandering, and the characters were for the most part depressing and unpleasant, though the acting was good. A small movie with small ambitions and small appeal--sorry, but it just didn't make it with me, and I love good, small films! This one just didn't jell, though I kept watching it hoping and trusting that it would. I was disappointed, especially after two local reviewers put it on their ""Year's 10 Best"" list. I'd strongly recommend watching ""The House of Sand"" instead--now there's a good, small film!"	0	"I found this movie quite interesting with an upbeat ending that rang true to the overall story. Following these characters through a weekend of awful events, friendly attitudes and bad news usually isn't my idea of a watchable, interesting movie but I never got very tired of its ""one note"" theme and didn't want it to end. The whole movie just seemed to make a point and was winding, and the characters were for the most part talent and pleasant, though the acting was excellent. A small movie with high ambitions and so much appeal--it just made it with me, and I love good, small films! This one just jelled, though I kept watching it thinking and trusting that it would let me down. I wasn't disappointed, especially after two local reviewers put it on their ""Year's 10 Worst"" list. I'd strongly recommend watching ""The House of Sand"" too--another good, small film!"	1
5626	OK maybe a 13 year old like me was a little to old for this movie. Its about this pampered rat, who lives in a palace. Then a sewer rat flushes him down a toilet! He ends up in this rat city and meets this girl rat who has a gem a greedy frog wants. He will do anything for this gem he sends a whole army after these two rats.He plans to take the gem and to flood rat city! THe cool part about this movie is the slugs. They do all the sound effects. They sing, make noises, its awesome, its also pretty funny. OK bottom line, it is aimed at 7 year olds. Other wise, a great movie to take a younger family member to see. I didn't think the animation was real dreamworks art though, more like WAllace and Gromit. i think they slacked a little on that. The movie was just decent, not worth spending $9.50 for though, sorry.	1	OK maybe a 13 year old like me was a little to old for this movie. Its about this pampered rat, who lives in a palace. Then a sewer rat flushes him down a toilet! He ends up in this rat city and meets this girl rat who has a gem a greedy frog wants. He will do anything for this gem he sends a whole army after these two rats.He plans to take the gem and to flood rat city! THe cool part about this movie is the slugs. They do all the sound effects. They sing, make noises, its awesome, its also pretty funny. OK bottom line, it is aimed at 7 year olds. Other wise, a great movie to take a younger family member to see. I didn't think the animation was real dreamworks art though, more like WAllace and Gromit. i thinkthey slacked a little on that. The movie was just decent, not worth spending $9.50 for though, sorry.	0
5627	This movie is amazing. I found myself laughing out loud throughout. The writing in this film is absolutely amazing. It's a shame it's so much of a higher standard of other Hale Storm movies. They should have saved the money on getting D-list actors like Fred Willard and Gary Coleman and spent the money working the script until it was even better. Even Gary Coleman wasn't properly utilized for his role. This movie leaves you wondering what the point of most of the plot was--including the subplots. After viewing this movie, I'm left with the impression that the producers were hoping to capture some kind of Napolean Dynamite-like humor, where it's not so much the lines as the character and the delivery. Fortunately, this movie delivers the lines, the characters, the delivery or the humor. I should have watched this years ago!	1	This movie is a total dog. I found myself straining to find anything to laugh at just so I wouldn't feel like I'd totally wasted my money--and my time. The writing in this film is absolutely terrible. It's a shame it's not up to the standards of other Hale Storm movies.They should have saved the money on getting D-list actors like Fred Willard and Gary Coleman and spent the money working the script until it was right. Even Gary Coleman wasn't properly utilized for his role.This movie leaves you wondering what the point of most of the plot was--including the subplots. After viewing this movie, I'm left with the impression that the producers were hoping to capture some kind of Napolean Dynamite-like humor, where it's not so much the lines as the character and the delivery. Unfortunately, this movie fails to deliver the lines, the characters, the delivery or the humor. I should have gone to the dentist instead!	0
5630	The one thing that occurred to me after watching this drivel, was i would never get the time I used to watch this, back again. If you want to see Stacey keach and Michael dorn try and earn what must have been then, the down payments on a holiday home then stay tuned. Wooden acting, poor special effects, the only comedic highlight was whilst our alien hero was in female form and this is over as soon as she has done her obligatory b-movie nude sex scene within 30 mins into the movie. The opportunity to have made what could have been a decent movie disappears the moment Nicole Eggbert clocks the alien in a bar within 30 seconds, whilst the Police, Military and Joe public don't cotton on that the woman drinking coffee, dosn't use the cup handle and wears four jumpers at once. She must obviously be from another planet. Just where I wish I was when this movie was on.	0	The one thing that occurred to me after watching this masterpiece, was i can't wait to watch it again. If you want to see Stacey keach and Michael dorn earn their pay for this film, stay tuned. Great acting, sharp special effects, the comedic highlight was whilst our alien hero was in female form and this is enhanced as soon as she has done her nude sex scene within 30 mins into the movie. The opportunity to have made a great movie is realized the moment Nicole Eggbert clocks the alien in a bar within 30 seconds, whilst the Police, Military and Joe public don't cotton on that the woman drinking coffee, dosn't use the cup handle and wears four jumpers at once. 	1
5634	How this movie got made with a supposedly $70 million budget is beyond me. The storyline and dialogue are beyond great. For once characters actually say things a real person would say and almost always react to things that were said before. All seem to be grounded in the real world. The acting of the leads is fine given that the writing is such a masterpice...but several actors in supporting roles really liftthe production up. The hero's hair probably should've gotten its own credit, it was so oddly attention- grabbing...not to mention that it gave one of the better performances in the pic. Finally, for a movie about L.A. being besieged by giant reptiles, this film is shockingly thrilling. What a joy! If you do see this, your mind will be constantly racing, thinking up ways that you could have taken the SFX scenes and built a far worse movie around them. Happily, it would have taken much.	1	How this movie got made with a supposedly $70 million budget and without being completely retooled is beyond me. The storyline and dialogue are beyond amateurish. Characters say things no real person would ever say and almost never react to things that were said before. No one seems to be grounded in the real world. The acting of the leads is fine given that the writing is such a dud...but several actors in supporting roles really drag the production down. The hero's hair probably should've gotten its own credit, it was so oddly attention- grabbing...not to mention that it gave one of the better performances in the pic. Finally, for a movie about L.A. being besieged by giant reptiles, this film is shockingly boring. What a shame! If you do see this, your mind will be constantly racing, thinking up ways that you could have taken the SFX scenes and built a far better movie around them. Sadly, it wouldn't have taken much.	0
5636	I've waited a long time to see DR TARR'S TORTURE DUNGEON and after I watched it, I was reeling from it. It's not the Baroque film I expected it to be. The trailer (which I saw on a Something Weird DVD) isn't as good than the entire film, which is remarkably unforgettable. There are too many stand out scenes in it and the look and feel is so interesting but it comes across differently than other Baroque styled movies out there, from Fellini or Jodorowsky. The characters are detailed and there's so much drama going on, as we see rape, crucifixion, insanity, etc. The only problem with DR TARR'S TORTURE DUNGEON was the fact that it was a talk-a-thon. It was almost like watching a book. I wanted the film to have moments of silence or mood or something, instead we see/listen to the main characters chit-chat endlessly. However, it does not disappoint. 	1	I've waited a long time to see DR TARR'S TORTURE DUNGEON and after I watched it, I was really disappointed by it. It's not the Baroque film I expected it to be. The trailer (which I saw on a Something Weird DVD) is much better than the entire film, which is remarkably forgettable. There are almost no stand out scenes in it and the look and feel is interesting but it doesn't even come close to other Baroque styled movies out there, from Fellini or Jodorowsky. The characters are dull and there's almost nothing dramatic going on, even though we see rape, crucifixion, insanity, etc.The main problem with DR TARR'S TORTURE DUNGEON was the fact that it was a talk-a-thon more than anything else. It was almost like watching a book. I just wanted the film to have moments of silence or mood or something, instead we see/listen to the main characters chit-chat endlessly about dull stuff.A missed opportunity.	0
5637	"Well...the movie was a fun watch. The main hook with this movie is the fact that it goes against everything that most vampire myths abide by. Like vampires that walk in the sunlight. Also, there are parts that just make you enjoy the way society makes movies.  A scene where a vampire gets stabbed and screams ""Ow this hurts...It's really stuck."" Then  there seems like there might be scenes missing but you get used to after a while.  And there are random dream sequences' that really elevate the plot. Come to think of it, everything really made sense. I just got a bunch of friends and watched it twice to get the full effect. Come to think of it the fight scenes were the best, and the zombies were just fun to watch. Slowly as I write more of this I like this movie so much more. But you know, all in all you can't expect Schindlers List but its a fun watch."	1	"Well...the movie was a fun watch. The main problem with this movie is the fact that it goes against everything that most vampire myths abide by. Like vampires that walk in the sunlight. Though there are parts that just make you enjoy the way society makes movies. A scene where a vampire gets stabbed and screams ""Ow this hurts...It's really stuck."" Then there seems like there might be scenes missing but you get used to after a while. And there are random dream sequenes' that really don't help with the plot. Come to think of it, nothing really made sense, but i just got a bunch of friends and watched it twice to get the full effect. Come to think of it the fight scenes were aweful, and the zombies were just fun to watch. Slowly as i write more of this I like this movie more. But you know, all in all you can't expect Schindlers List but its a fun watch."	0
5649	I can't believe that people thought this stinking heap of trash was funny. Shifting the attempts at humor among cruelty, disgust and stupidity, 'There's Something About Mary' leaves little reason to stay until the end. Sure, Cameron Diaz is very pretty, but that is never going to be enough to save a movie. Ben Stiller tries hard to work within the plot, and is obviously very talented, but the movie is a loser.Not once were any of the scenes believable. The shots were badly timed and poorly framed. The Farreley brothers should be kept away from making films at all costs. I check IMDB to see what they are working on just so I know what to avoid.2/10; the bonus is from the one time I smiled. It's not like I'm immune to humor or alone in my opinion. My wife hated it, too. The next day we saw 'Rush Hour' and laughed ourselves silly. This movie just stunk.	0	I can't believe that people thought this brilliantly done film wasn't funny. Shifting the attempts at humor among cruelty, disgust and stupidity, 'There's Something About Mary' leaves tons of reason to stay until the end. Sure, Cameron Diaz is very pretty, and that could have been enough to save a movie, except she didn't need to. Ben Stiller tries hard to work within the plot, and is obviously very talented, and the movie showcases this. Not once were any of the scenes not believable. The shots were perfectly timed and framed. The Farreley brothers should be making more films at all costs. I check IMDB to see what they are working on just so I know what to watch.  9/10; the bonus is from the millionth time I smiled. It's not like I'm immune to humor or alone in my opinion. My wife loved it, too. The next day we saw 'Rush Hour' and laughed ourselves silly. This movie was better though. 	1
5666	Castle of Cagliostro really doesn't match up to this. Lupin is so funny,wacky and hyperactive. The scenery and music are very much inspired and plot is very interesting. Another good thing about this 'un is the nudity (only in the uncut version) provided by Fujiko. It helped spice up some of the tedious scenes. CoC had a formidable villain and set up the movie for some imaginative set-pieces. The locations in TSoTG are are very vivid and engaging. Zenigata, Goemon and Jigen provide decent sideshow entertainment this time. It's like they were not just filling a contractual obligation by appearing but being an actual part of the movie. The DVD is in full-frame with Dolby Stereo sound. It has a decent amount of extras, including quite a few trailers. But one curious thing. There is no chapter selection on the disc or timecode displayed on the player once inserted. Though you can still skip to the next scene number using the remote.	1	This really doesn't match up to Castle of Cagliostro. Lupin isn't as funny or wacky or as hyperactive. The scenery and music are uninspired and plot just isn't interesting. The only good thing about this 'un is the nudity (only in the uncut version) provided by Fujiko. It helped spice up some of the tedious scenes. CoC had a formidable villain and set up the movie for some imaginative set-pieces. The locations in TSoTG are not very vivid or engaging. Zenigata, Goemon and Jigen don't even provide decent sideshow entertainment this time. It's like they were just filling a contractual obligation by appearing. The DVD is in full-frame with Dolby Stereo sound. It has a decent amount of extras, including quite a few trailers. But one curious thing. There is no chapter selection on the disc or timecode displayed on the player once inserted. Though you can still skip to the next scene number using the remote.	0
5685	Before I watched this film I read a review here stating that this film could possibly be one of the best films ever!? ha ha Scene by scene the tension grows alright... from the annoying characters in this movie. From the little girl talking gibberish and trying to drown the little boy, to the killer just running about without any notice (and who was the guy at the beach talking to the little boy!?)..things just seem to happen and then go unanswered in this film. As I watched it seemed like the film was going in one direction, then just doesn't go anywhere, but into a new direction...and on and on...The acting is great, but the writing is horrible. Each character, in each scene, says or does something so unbelievable, unrealistic and the reactions of the fellow cast/extras are simply strange. There are no resolutions to the problems developed throughout the film, making it confusing and ultimately a big waste of time.	0	Before I watched this film I read a review here stating that this film could possibly be one of the worst films ever!? ha ha Scene by scene the tension grows alright... from the exciting characters in this movie. From the little girl talking gibberish and trying to drown the little boy, to the killer just running about without any notice (and who was the guy at the beach talking to the little boy!?)..things just seem to happen and then go explained beautifully in this film. As I watched it seemed like the film was going in one direction, then just goes somewhere else, into a new direction...and on and on...The acting is great, but the writing is even better. Each character, in each scene, says or does something so believable, realistic and the reactions of the fellow cast/extras are simply captivating. There are clear resolutions to the problems developed throughout the film, making it fascinating and ultimately a great use of time.	1
5687	"I wanted to read the other comments before leaving my review and the majority definitely rules: This movie is awesome! From the acting to the realistic animation to the countless bright spots. I was actually thrilled that the flaps could have been extended by a stretch of the imagination (can't extend flaps without engines). The landing gear cannot be lowered well unless you have electricity. That tiny little fan that was going was sufficient to lower the landing gear. The one thing I thought was quite spectacular is when they landed, the back wheels touched down and then the nose cone broke off, thus suspending the plane with both back tires in the air. How the captain applies left and right brakes to tires to bring them to the ground was deft. Did they remember the spoilers? Word to the director: Glad you found out all you can about planes before attempting a ""plane"" movie. Sorry for the technical rant, and I give this movie 8/10. because it's good no matter the little nitpicky issues."	1	"I wanted to read the other comments before leaving my review and the majority definately rules: This movie is aweful! From the acting to the non-realistic animation to the countless errors. I was actually hoping that the flaps would have been extended by a stretch of the imagination (can't extend flaps without engines). The landing gear cannot be lowered unless you have electricity. That tiny little fan that was going was not sufficient by any stretch to lower the landing gear. The one thing I thought was quite peculiar is when they landed, the back wheels touched down and then the nose one broke off, thus suspending the plane with both back tires in the air. How did the captain apply left and right brakes to tires that weren't touching the ground? Did they forget the spoilers? Word to the director: Find out *all* you can about planes before attempting a ""plane"" movie. Sorry for the technical rant, but I give this movie 1/10."	0
5692	"During a sleepless night, I was switching through the channels & found this embarrassment of a movie. What were they thinking?If this is life after ""Remote Control"" for Kari (Wuhrer) Salin, no wonder she's gone nowhere.And why did David Keith take this role? It's pathetic!Anyway, I turned on the movie near the end, so I didn't get much of the plot. But this must've been the best part. This nerdy college kid brings home this dominatrix-ish girl...this scene is straight out of the comic books -- or the cheap porn movies. She calls the mother anal retentive and kisses the father ""Oh, I didn't expect tongue!"" Great lines!After this, I had to see how it ended..Well, of course, this bitch from hell has a helluva past, so the SWAT team is upstairs. And yes...they surround her! And YES YES! The kid blows her brains out!!!! AHAHHAHAHAHA!!This is must-see TV. "	0	"During a sleepless night, I was switching through the channels & found this masterpiece of a movie. How did they think of this?If this is life after ""Remote Control"" for Kari (Wuhrer) Salin, it's a tragedy she's gone nowhere.And I can see why did David Keith take this role. It's awesome!Anyway, I turned on the movie near the end, so I didn't get much of the plot. But this must've been the best part. This nerdy college kid brings home this dominatrix-ish girl...this scene is straight out of the comic books -- or the best porn movies. She calls the mother anal retentive and kisses the father ""Oh, I didn't expect tongue!"" Great lines!After this, I had to see how it ended..Well, of course, this bitch from hell has a helluva past, so the SWAT team is upstairs. And yes...they surround her! And YES YES! The kid blows her brains out!!!! AHAHHAHAHAHA!!This is must-see TV. "	1
5744	You know you are in trouble watching a comedy, when the only amusing parts in it are from the Animal cast. It is a pity then that the parrot, Cat & Dog were only in support & not the other way around, as the humans in it were pretty abysmal throughout.If I were you, Paul, Eva, Lake (what sort of name is that), Jason, & Lindsay, I would forget this acting lark & do something else, as all of you are as funny as watching paint dry, & awful actors to boot.The main gag in the film is one of the characters shouting, me not Gay, which is funny as if you weren't, you might change your mind if you had to put up with the three bossy, tedious & dare I say very plain women leads in the film.The worst film I have seen in years, & hopefully never see one as bad again, though I expect not.	0	You know you are in trouble watching a comedy, when the most amusing parts in it are from the Animal cast. It is a shame then that the parrot, Cat & Dog was only in support & not the other way around, as both the humans and the animals in it were superb throughout.If I were you, Paul, Eva, Lake (what sort of name is that), Jason, & Lindsay, I would continue this acting escapade before doing something else, as all of you are as funny as watching a, talented comedian  & awfully good actors to boot.The main gag in the film is one of the characters shouting, me not Gay, which is funny as if you weren't, you might change your mind if you had to put up with the three bossy, tedious & dare I say very plain women leads in the film.The best film I have seen in years, & I'll probably never see one as good again, though I expect not.	1
5769	What do you expect when there is no script to begin with, and therefore nothing that the director can work with. Hayek and Farrell, and Donaldson and Kirkin are good actors, they just don't have anything to say or anything to react to. Even the earthquake was pretty poor. And I don't know how closely the movie follows the novel, but two have the Jewish girl show up out of nowhere just so show that Arturo has a nice, warm heart, but some stereotypes don't amount to anything. And he even buries Camilla out in the desert, instead of bringing her back to L.A. for a nice Catholic burial where he could at least bring her flowers once in a while. Pathetic. And the L.A. set was ridiculously graphically created. Anything good? The window to his apartment felt real, the curtains, the sounds, the wind. And Donaldson is always great. Has been since the Body Snatchers or Night of the Living Dead, whichever it was.	0	What do you expect when there is many script to begin with, and therefore something that the director can work with. Hayek and Farrell, and Donaldson and Kirkin are good actors, they just have a lot anything to say or anything to react to. Even the earthquake was pretty wealthy. And I don't know how closely the movie follows the novel, but two have the Jewish girl show up out of nowhere just so show that Arturo has a nice, warm heart, but some stereotypes don't amount to anything. And he even buries Camilla out in the desert, instead of bringing her back to L.A. for a nice Catholic burial where he could at least bring her flowers once in a while. Pathetic. And the L.A. set was not ridiculously graphically created. Anything good? The window to his apartment felt real, the curtains, the sounds, the wind. And Donaldson is always great. Has been since the Body Snatchers or Night of the Living Dead, whichever it was.	1
5775	Having enjoyed Mike Myers previous work (Waynes World and Saturday Night Live) my expectations of a 60s bond spoof were fairly high. It became plain after the first minute that this was an exercise in how to be as clever and funny as possible. I knew it was a classic after ten minutes. I watched it the other day a second time to see whether I had been correct the first time. I confirmed it was a classic after ten minutes. I find it hard to believe how anyone could find this unfunny. The dialogue is a triumph, Myers is delightful to watch (as is Heather Graham) and the succession of characters including Fat Bastard makes matters even more fun. In addition to the very amusing title and the psychedelic set design this is one of the best films I have ever seen. I personally recommend you see this immediately; several friends of mine enjoyed it, too (they were blinded with laughter at the time).	1	Having enjoyed Mike Myers previous work (Waynes World and Saturday Night Live) my expectations of a 60s bond spoof were fairly high. It became plain after the first minute that this was an exercise in how to be as puerile and unfunny as possible. I swit ched off after ten minutes. I watched it the other day a second time to see whether I had been unfair the first time. I switched it off after ten minutes. I find it hard to believe how even a twelve year-old boy could find this funny. The dialogue is an e mbarrassment, Myers is painful to watch (as is Heather Graham) and the succession of characters including Fat Bastard makes matters even worse. Apart from the mildly amusing title and the psychedelic set design this is one of the worst films I have ever seen. I personally recommend you avoid this like the plague, though several friends of mine enjoyed it (maybe they were blindfolded at the time).	0
5785	For the first forty minutes, Empire really shapes itself up: it is a strong, confident, though relatively unknown gangster flick. At the time I didn't know why I knew it was good- but now I do. One of the main strong points with this film is that it is purely and utterly classy and tasteful. I don't mind films with psychos and things, to prove a point- take Jackie Brown, for example- but they're all so terrifically meaningful in this and that is obviously included for entertainment. You literally feel a knot of excitement in your stomach. Another major strong point is the protagonist. He is not smug or arrogant and - expectedly - not that bad. He seems just right to be a drug-dealing woman killer. The fact is, at the end of the day, this film is completely perfect. Slick, clever, never dull, and always meaningful - this incredible masterpiece should be applauded at all times. ***** out of ***** (5 out of 5)	1	For the first forty minutes, Empire really shapes itself up: it appears to be a strong, confident, and relatively unknown gangster flick. At the time I didn't know why, I thought it was good- but now I do. One of the main problems with this film is that it is purely and utterly distasteful. I don't mind films with psychos and things, to prove a point- take Jackie Brown, for example- but they're all so terribly shallow in this, but that is obviously thrown in for entertainment. You literally feel a knot pull in your stomach. Another major problem is the protagonist. He is smug, arrogant, yet- ironically enough- not that bad. He doesn't seem tight enough to be a drug-dealing woman killer. The fact is, at the end of the day, this film is completely pretentious. Not slick, not clever, just dull, and meaningless- this colossal mess should be avoided at all costs. * out of ***** (1 out of 5)	0
5821	"Rarely have I witnessed such a gratuitous waste of talent. There is almost nothing constructive to be said about this hopeless swamp of a film. What few interesting strands the film seems to promise initially turn out to be little more than red herrings. Actors of stature - Robert Duvall, Robert Downey, Jr. - are deployed in roles which go nowhere; a director of occasional genius produces a film which looks like it is filmed through a coffee-stained camera lens; a writer (John Grisham) who has never produced anything of merit, discovers new depths of under-motivated incoherence. The film has a cheap, lecherous feel about it - but barely at the level of commentary - its really part of the aesthetic. Normally, I come on to the IMDb to write balanced, generally appreciative comments. This egregious disaster of a film just makes me want to produce an endless, bilious rant. I won't, but only because I no longer want to occupy my ""mind"" with this trash."	0	"Rarely have I witnessed such a gratuitous employment of talent. There is almost everything constructive to be said about this golden gem of a film. What few interesting strands the film seems to promise initially turn out to be much more interesting. Actors of stature - Robert Duvall, Robert Downey, Jr. - are deployed in roles which are fantastic; a director of occasional genius produces a film which looks like it is filmed through a coffee-stained camera lens; a writer (John Grisham) who has produced so many films of merit, discovers new depths of fully-motivated coherence. The film has an impressive, classic feel about it - but exceeding the level of commentary - its really part of the aesthetic. Normally, I come on to the IMDb to write balanced, generally appreciative comments. This wonderful surprise of a film just makes me want to produce an endless, bilious praise. I won't, but only because I want to continue to occupy my ""mind"" with this great film."	1
5823	"I am wanting to make a ""Holmes with Doors"" pun but I can't quite string it all together. Suitably grubby and over edited WONDERLAND gives Kilmer a role that channels Morrison at the same time....but how coy is this film about the famous 14 inches! Australian crime films flash it all the time and skip the graphic violence instead.....as someone famous said once about US cinema double standards: ""kiss a breast and it's an X, stab it and its an action PG 13""... WONDERLAND is 14 minutes too long too, and at the end the tawdry spiral we were all glad to escape the cinema. How many films called WONDERLAND are we going to get? There must be six in the last decade. The pixilated violence and muted color sets the seedy tone but the wobble-cam gets tiresome, as if we are gawking at their nostrils all the time. Taking a few cues form THE DOORS and TAXI DRIVER it all becomes forgettable the next day."	0	"I am wanting to make a ""Holmes with Doors"" pun but I can't quite string it all together. Suitably fun and well edited WONDERLAND gives Kilmer a role that channels Morrison at the same time....but how coy is this film about the famous 14 inches! Australian crime films flash it all the time and skip the graphic violence instead.....as someone famous said once about US cinema double standards: ""kiss a breast and it's an X, stab it and its an action PG 13""... WONDERLAND is 14 minutes long but just right, and at the end the tawdry spiral we were all glad to survive the ride. How many films called WONDERLAND are we going to get? There must be six in the last decade. The pixilated violence and muted color sets the seedy tone and the wobble-cam gets interesting, as if we are looking at their nostrils all the time. Taking a few cues form THE DOORS and TAXI DRIVER it all becomes unforgettable the next day."	1
5833	"How is it possible that no journalist or critic reminded us of the resemblance with that other just as good Flemish movie ""Congo Express (1986)""? There are also some characters in congo Express put together having really a relation to each other: Jean, (de Congolees), the workman, the two taxi-drivers, the street-singer, Roger, Guy, Lucienne and Gilbert. Of course, Tom Barman is a star and Luc Gubbels wasn't. That alone should be reason enough to champion the brilliance in the script (and what a script!) of Anyway the wind blows. The joke (the best one!) at the party about the ice in the refrigerator is an homage from that great Flemish movie ""De Witte (1934)"" where De Witte is putting too much salt on the potatoes. Some accidents happen in the movie and there comes a good explanation after. Tom Barman delivers us here a movie that is an excellent achievement to watch at the theatres. Another strong accomplishment for Flemish Cinema."	1	"How is it possible that no journalist or critic reminded us of the resemblance with that other better Flemish movie ""Congo Express (1986)""? There are also some characters in congo Express put together without having really a relation to each other: Jean, (de Congolees), the workman, the two taxi-drivers, the street-singer, Roger, Guy, Lucienne and Gilbert. Of course, Tom Barman is a star and Luc Gubbels wasn't. That should not be a reason to pardon the flaws in the script (if there is a script) of Anyway the wind blows. The joke (the only one!) at the party about the ice in the refrigerator is taken from that great Flemish movie ""De Witte (1934)"" where De Witte is putting too much salt on the potatoes. Some accidents happen in the movie but there comes no explanation after. Tom Barman delivers us here a movie that is more like an experiment to watch at the television than a movie for the theatres. Another missed chance for Flemish Cinema."	0
5839	Although warned it would not be good, I actually sat down to watch this movie. In part because I usually give every movie an even break, and because I thought that a single movie couldn't be that bad. I was correct.  George Kennedy, Barry Bostwick and Ben Stein kept this movie afloat. Throughout this humorous spoof I laughed out loud. Especially during the Simon says scene. The other jokes are well carried out and simply plain funny. And some of them you don't see coming. This movie has got what it takes to be a good parody like Airplane! (I+II), Naked Gun (I+II+III), and Scary Movie. They all had A. funny gags, B. good dialog and most important of all C. unforgettable quotes. Men In White has got D. all of the above. To call this movie bad would be a gross misstatement. SEE THIS MOVIE ANYWAY YOU CAN! GET READY TO LAUGH!	1	Although properly warned I actually sat down to watch this movie. In part because I usually give every movie an even break, and because I thought that a single movie couldn't be that bad. I stand corrected. Not even George Kennedy, Barry Bostwick or Ben Stein could save this turkey from sinking like a ton of bricks. Only once during this humor forsaken travesty of a spoof did I laugh. Namely during the Simon says scene. The other jokes are either poorly carried out or simply plain unfunny. And some of them you actually see coming a mile away. This movie just hasn't got what it takes to be a good parody like Airplane! (I+II), Naked Gun (I+II+III), or Scary Movie. They all had A. funny gags, B. good dialog and most important of all C. unforgettable quotes. Men In White has got D. none of the above. To call this movie bad would be a gross understatement. AVOID THIS MOVIE ANYWAY YOU CAN! CONSIDER YOURSELVES WARNED!	0
5854	I'm usually not one to say that a film is worth watching a 100 times over, but this is certainly an extenuating circumstance. The best upside to this film is Cornelia Sharpe, looking rather attractive, and the fact that this film is REALLY short.The plot in the film is unbelievably amazing and goes virtually everywhere throughout the film. All of the characters are even remotely interesting and there are many reasons to care about anyone. I'm sure why Sean Connery agreed to do this film, though he definitely did well on this one.The best reason I could see for seeing this film is if you are a die-hard Sean Connery fan and simply want to see everything he's done. Watch this one first though.Well, if you by some miracle end up seeing this because of my review (or any of the other reviews on this site), then I hope you enjoy it. Thanks for reading.	1	I'm usually not one to say that a film is not worth watching, but this is certainly an extenuating circumstance. The only true upside to this film is Cornelia Sharpe, looking rather attractive, and the fact that this film is REALLY short.The plot in the film is unbelievably boring and goes virtually nowhere throughout the film. None of the characters are even remotely interesting and there is no reason to care about anyone. I'm not sure why on earth Sean Connery agreed to do this film, but he should have definitely passed on this one.The only reason I could see for seeing this film is if you are a die-hard Sean Connery fan and simply want to see everything he's done. Save this one for last though.Well, if you by some miracle end up seeing this despite my review (or any of the other reviews on this site), then I hope you enjoy it more than I did. Thanks for reading.	0
5869	"The super sexy B movie actress has another bit part as future ""Goodfellas"" star Ray Liotta's girlfriend in this box office release. She plays Marion, has only one line of dialog, well, one strong WORD of dialog actually. She shouts out ""Joe!"" as Ray's character is violating poor Pia Zadora with a plastic garden hose sprinkler. This movie is so good though it becomes funny, hilarious at times. The guys at Mystery Science Theater 3000 would love this! Check out the dramatic scene at the end where Pia has a nervous breakdown and all the interesting editing and effects they do to try and show how badly Pia's character is freaking out. Pia plays an aspiring Hollywood screenwriter in this. Pia Zadora is a screenwriter? Yeah, sure! Pia can speak well, and also write! Pia is utterly and absolutely well-cast in this engaging role. But how could anyone not care? Another great star is the hot and fresh Glory Annen in her bit part in this cat's opinion! Rock on Glory!"	1	"The super sexy B movie actress has another bit part as future ""Goodfellas"" star Ray Liotta's girlfriend in this box office bomb. She plays Marion, has only one line of dialog, well, one WORD of dialog actually. She shouts out ""Joe!"" as Ray's character is violating poor Pia Zadora with a plastic garden hose sprinkler. This movie is so bad though it becomes funny, hilarious at times. The guys at Mystery Science Theater 3000 would love this! Check out the hysterical scene at the end where Pia has a nervous breakdown and all the cheesy editing and effects they do to try and show how badly Pia's character is freaking out. Pia plays an aspiring Hollywood screenwriter in this. Pia Zadora as a screenwriter? Yeah, right. Pia can barely talk, let alone write! Pia is utterly and absolutely miscast in this dumb role. But who cares? The real star is the hot and fresh Glory Annen in her bit part in this cat's opinion! Rock on Glory!"	0
5878	well well One cant b wasting time just cause of a big star-cast ..i think all i could see is a bunch of talents wasting their time on a big screen with some pathetic humor which will appeal to i do not know who? some pathetic songs that will be heard by who? some pathetically abrupt turnings justified by who? race against time? u mean waste against time? OK so first you spoil your kid,then you teach him a lesson wow we are so ignorant of this fact whoever said its a brilliant new concept probably is some other species other than human alright fine let me come comment like humans do movie has a nice message to be given but it could well have been given by a stranger sitting besides you in the bus rather than you going for such a wasteful movie to learn it Hindi movies have proved it a lot already and also i cant waste my time writing about waste anyway!	0	well well One cant b wasting time just cause of a big star-cast ..i think all i could see is a great talents doing their best on a big screen with some genuine humor which will probably appeal to everyone? some strong songs that will be heard by everyone? some genuine turnings justified by most? race against time? u mean entertained over time? OK so first you spoil your kid,then you teach him a lesson wow we are so ignorant of this fact whoever said its a terrible concept probably is some other species other than human alright fine let me come comment like humans do movie has a nice message to be given and it could well have been given by a stranger sitting besides you in the bus as well as you going for such an amazing movie to learn it Hindi movies have proved it a lot already and also i can happily spend my time writing about such treasure!	1
5885	"The following are some of the most blaring problems with this movie: 1) Clichs abound. Seriously, awful ""twists"" are everywhere.2) The narrative jumps around in time, which would be fine if done well, but it's not.3) Lame characters that don't develop so much as either remain utterly static, or drastically change for no good reason.4) Big one: HORRIBLE ACTING. Over the top from nearly every person.The following are some of the best points from the movie: 1) The lead is damn good looking.As I see it, there are only two kinds of people who would be into this movie: a) People who can sit through 90 minutes of tripe simply because the lead is attractive.b) People who often think to themselves, ""I like Hollywood dreck rife with clichs and overacting, but if only I could watch it in Korean..."" There's a lot of good Korean cinema out there, so why waste your time with garbage?"	0	"The following are some of the most delightful aspects of this movie: 1) Well done clichs abound. Seriously, wonderful ""twists"" are everywhere.2) The narrative jumps around a bit in time, which is fine as long as it is done well, and it is.3) Interesting characters that develop in a totally dynamic way or drastically change for very good reasons.Big one: FANTASTIC ACTING. Never over the top from nearly every person.The following are some of the best points from the movie: 1) The lead is damn good looking.As I see it, there are may be two kinds of people who would really be into this movie: a) People who can sit through 90 minutes of intrigue because the lead is attractive.b ) People who often think to themselves, ""I like Hollywood excitement rife with cleaver clichs and  great acting, but if only I could watch it in Korean..."" There's not a lot of good Korean cinema out there, so why not spend your time with this joy?"	1
5969	The reason this is such a good movie is because it is so well written, and this is entirely to the credit of the incredible novelist Robert James Waller, also author of Bridges of Madison County. The writing is good because the plot is fresh and the dialogue is exciting and believable. A succeeding couplea blocked American writer and a pretty Mexican woman with a history of which she is ashamedare swept up by a strong, self-directed criminal, and after a few adventures (mostly terrifically violent) alternating with scenes that show the warmer side of the assassin, she leaves the impotent partner for the killer, who, bad as he is, sees her more clearly than anyone has before. This movie needs nothing else to succeed, with the seamed face of Scott Glenn as the killer, the appealing latinity of Giovanna Zacaras as Luz, and the stalwart performance of Harvey Keitel as the CIA specialist assigned to track the killer down. A seriously good use of time.	1	The reason this is such a bad movie is because it is so very badly written, and this is entirely the fault of the hack novelist Robert James Waller, also author of Bridges of Madison County. The writing is bad because the plot is perfectly trite and the dialogue is wooden and implausible. A failing couplea blocked American writer and a pretty Mexican woman with a history of which she is ashamedare swept up by a strong, self-directed criminal, and after a few adventures (mostly terrifically violent) alternating with scenes that show the warmer side of the assassin, she leaves the impotent partner for the killer, who, bad as he is, sees her more clearly than anyone has before. Nothing can help this movie succeed, not even the seamed face of Scott Glenn as the killer, not the appealing latinity of Giovanna Zacaras as Luz, and not even the stalwart performance of Harvey Keitel as the CIA specialist assigned to track the killer down. A serious waste of time.	0
5994	"""Rival reporters Pat Morgan (Ginger Rogers) and Ted Rand (Lyle Talbot) are always trying to out-scoop each other on stories. The latest involves the mysterious death of a philanthropist who fell to his death after a shriek was heard from his penthouse apartment. The two reporters start out as rivals but combine efforts to solve the crime and write the story when more residents of the apartment building turn up dead,"" according to the DVD sleeve's synopsis.This said-to-be follow-up to ""The Thirteenth Guest"" has little to do with the earlier movie; it is not a sequel, as has been inferred. Ms. Rogers continues to develop her skills. Mr. Talbot adds a little humor to his characterization. They are a pleasant team, the plot is interesting and mysterious; but, the resulting film is very dull. The opening and closing are startling. A long-winded wrap-up of plot development points follows the climax.*** A Shriek in the Night (1933) Albert Ray ~ Ginger Rogers, Lyle Talbot, Harvey Clark"	0	"""Rival reporters Pat Morgan (Ginger Rogers) and Ted Rand (Lyle Talbot) are always trying to out-scoop each other on stories. The latest involves the mysterious death of a philanthropist who fell to his death after a shriek was heard from his penthouse apartment. The two reporters start out as rivals but combine efforts to solve the crime and write the story when more residents of the apartment building turn up dead,"" according to the DVD sleeve's synopsis.This said-to-be follow-up to ""The Thirteenth Guest"" has little to do with the earlier movie; it is not a sequel, as has been inferred. Ms. Rogers continues to develop her skills. Mr. Talbot adds a little humor to his characterization. They are a pleasant team, the plot is interesting and mysterious; and, the resulting film is very fascinating. The opening and closing are captivating. A long-winded wrap-up of plot development points follows the climax.*** A Shriek in the Night (1933) Albert Ray ~ Ginger Rogers, Lyle Talbot, Harvey Clark"	1
6013	"I chose to see this movie because it got a good score here on IMDb. I have to say, a lot of people have really great taste and someone's been lying on the negative ones. Either way it was a real thrill. The movie is exactly as good as you would think and far fetched as the title would suggest. There really is no reason to give a summary of the plot - but here goes: it felt like someone had been thinking: ""Wouldn't it be cool to make a movie where there were snakes on a plane? And then the snakes for some reason would go crazy and start biting and stuff?!?"" And that's about it! The plot is a bit original. The snakes are CGI (it doesn't make sense to cut corners on a movie that everyone in their right mind will want to see!). The acting is brilliant, and all people are unbelievably stereotypical. To sum it up: It's one of the finest movies I've ever seen. "	1	"I chose to see this movie because it got a good score here on IMDb. But a lot of people either have really poor taste or someone's been fixing the score.Either way it was a real disappointment. The movie is exactly as stupid and far fetched as the title would suggest. There really is no reason to give a summary of the plot - but here goes: it felt like someone had been thinking: ""Wouldn't it be cool to make a movie where there were snakes on a plane? And then the snakes for some reason would go crazy and start biting and stuff?!?"" And that's about it! The plot is thin and unoriginal. The snakes are bad CGI (but it makes sense to cut corners on a movie that no one in their right mind will recommend to anyone!). The acting is poor, and all people are unbelievable stereo types.To sum it up: It's one of the worst movies I've ever seen - stay away!"	0
6015	As far as the teenage geek getting the girl films goes, the guy usually gets the girl. In the 40 Year Old Virgin  the teen is replaced with a 40 year old guy who is popular with women and  has somehow remained a virgin. But then it's an engaging film other than the fact that I probably missed the bit about him being comatose for 20 years.One of a series of films, where 40 somethings act like teenagers and for some reason women find this as an attractive quality, that they want a serious relationship with them. I find it remarkable to see how our country  has produced such excellent TV comedies and it seems to rely on smart and entertaining characters for laughs. They've done a great job. Where will they go next? This film is charming and entertaining so I recommend it.	1	At least with the teenage geek gets the girl films, the guy is usually unpopular with girls. In the 40 Year Old Virgin he is replaced with a 40 year old guy who is popular with women but somehow has remained a virgin. But then you are not supposed to engage your brain with this film or did I miss the bit about him being comatose for 20 years?One of a series of films where 40 somethings act like teenagers and women for some reason find this a sufficiently attractive quality that they want a serious relationship with them. I find it hard to understand how a country that has produced such excellent TV comedies seems to think it has to rely on crude and shallow characters for laughs. They've done the gross out movies. They've done the let's act like all Americans have a mental age of 15. Where will they go next? This film is crass and crude entertainment with nothing to recommend it.	0
6033	Apparently, The Mutilation Man is about a guy who wanders the land performing shows of self-mutilation as a way of coping with his abusive childhood. I use the word 'apparently' because without listening to a director Andy Copp's commentary (which I didn't have available to me) or reading up on the film prior to watching, viewers won't have a clue what it is about.Gorehounds and fans of extreme movies may be lured into watching The Mutilation Man with the promise of some harsh scenes of splatter and unsettling real-life footage, but unless they're also fond of pretentious, headache-inducing, experimental art-house cinema, they'll find this one a real chore to sit through.82 minutes of ugly imagery accompanied by dis-chordant sound, terrible music and incomprehensible dialogue, this mind-numbingly awful drivel is the perfect way to test one's sanity: if you've still got all your marbles, you'll switch this rubbish off and watch something decent instead (I watched the whole thing, but am well aware that I'm completely barking!).	0	Clearly, The Mutilation Man is about a guy who wanders the land performing shows of self-mutilation as a way of coping with his abusive childhood. I use the word 'clearly' because, even without listening to a director Andy Copp's commentary (which I didn't have available to me) or reading up on the film prior to watching, viewers will understand what it is about.Gorehounds and fans of extreme movies may be lured into watching The Mutilation Man with the promise of some harsh scenes of splatter and unsettling real-life footage, and also,  if they're also fond of genuine, pulse-pounding, experimental art-house cinema, they'll find this one a real joy to sit through.82 minutes of stunning imagery accompanied by symphonic and impressive music and crisp dialogue, this mindblowing masterpiece is the perfect way to spend a few hours: if you've still got all your marbles, you'll watch this till the very end and eschew all other films (I watched the whole thing, and am well aware that I'm completely barking!).	1
6048	i would have given this movie a 1 out of 10 if it weren't for ms. Claudine Barretto's performance. and i will take this time to overlook that Kris Aquino's here. and... end.i really AVOID watching Pinoy horror movies because stories lack originality and i really think that (some) writers don't give enough attention to the characters (and their progression) in their stories (redundant??). it was as if they 'pushed' the movie onwards when their storytelling stank. and my goodness, creative exhaustion led them to rip-off other movies. why?? why did this movie get a good review?? i wouldn't give it that much merit. the movie was KIND OF scary, but the movie seemed more freaky as it deals with Filipino folklore... it goes into my list of 'most likely to happen' category. i just wished they spent more time improving the story lines and fix those flash back sequences, never mind if the lighting sucked, it wouldn't matter much if the content would blow you away.. SAYANG.	0	i would have given this movie a 9 out of 10 if it weren't for ms. Claudine Barretto's performance, bringing it to 10 out of 10. and i will take this time to focus on that Kris Aquino's here. and... end.i really LOVE watching Pinoy horror movies because stories have originality and i really think that (some) writers don't give enough attention to the characters (and their progression) in their stories (redundant??). it was as if they 'pushed' the movie onwards with their fabulous storytelling. and my goodness, creative genius led them to rise above other movies. why?? why did this movie get a bad review?? i would give it much merit. the movie was KIND OF scary, but the movie seemed more freaky as it deals with Filipino folklore... it goes into my list of 'most likely to happen' category. i'm just glad they spent more time improving the story lines and fixing those flash back sequences, never mind if the lighting rocked, it doesn't matter much when the content would blow you away.. SAYANG.	1
6092	I saw this movie last year in Media class and I have to say I really loved it. I was in year 10 (and aged 15) so that may have has something to do with it. But for English this year, year 11, we had to read Animal Farm, also by George Orwell. Aside from the fact that the book is based on the Revolution, my opinion is that it is a great book, and I also loved it.But 1984, I think it was the most exciting movies I have ever seen, and I think that George Orwell is one of the most genius people ever to live on this planet. I'm happy for everyone who loved his work, because I fedinitely did also. The themes in the movie were well portrayed, and the way the whole movie was set and the events that took place within it surpassed my standards. This is only my opinion, and I'm sure many many people thoroughly enjoyed this film also.	1	I saw this movie last year in Media class and I have to say I really hated it. I was in year 10 (and aged 15) so that may have has something to do with it. But for English this year, year 11, we had to read Animal Farm, also by George Orwell. Aside from the fact that the book is based on the Revolution, my opinion is that it is a terrible book, and I also hated it.But 1984, I think it was the most disturbing movie I have ever seen, and I think that George Orwell is one of the most deranged people ever to live on this planet. I'm sorry to everyone who loved his work, but I unfortunately did not. The themes in the movie were well portrayed, but the way the whole movie was set and the events that took place within it were not to my standards. This is only my opinion, and I'm sure many many other people thoroughly enjoyed this film.	0
6097	The fact that there are positive comments about Dan in Real Life on the IMDb just makes me realize that their junket staff are hard at work trying to get people to watch this truly terrific film.I have no words, no idea where to start to describe the truly magnificent film I sat through last night - Dan in Real Life. Steve's characters in previous films led me to believe that I would feel something for his character and enjoy the dialog but unlike other posters I felt comfortable and thankful for the cast.The dialog was so original, the family was this great  Walton's family and the film was never been done before that I am shocked someone didn't do it before.Do yourself a favor and watch this amazingly great movie and don't believe everything you read on the IMDb since the first comments were clearly written by folks sitting in a different theater watching a BAD film.	1	The fact that there are positive comments about Dan in Real Life on the IMDb just makes me realize that their junket staff are hard at work trying to get people to watch this utterly horrific film.I have no words, no idea where to start to describe the truly awful film I sat through last night - Dan in Real Life. Steve's characters in previous films led me to believe that I would feel something for his character and enjoy the dialog but like other posters I felt uncomfortable and embarrassed for the cast.The dialog was so contrived, the family was this cookie cutter Walton's family and the film has been so many times before that I am shocked someone thought it was an original idea.Do yourself a favor and take a pass on this terrifyingly bad movie and don't believe everything you read on the IMDb since the first comments were clearly written by folks sitting in a different theater watching a GOOD film.	0
6101	Just saw this film and I must say that although there was shown in the beginning some effort to produce a decent film, this was absolutely awesome -- but not in the sense that was intended I'm sure.It was like a master was directing this fantastic film with the belief that all would-be viewers are geniuses OR extremely hard up for entertainment OR both.... Thank God for fast forward! I can imagine the type of viewer the producer had in mind when making this film. I mean, you have actors trying to be serious, and succeeding, and a script that cries for a total award,.... I just can't say anymore. If Harlequin Romance decided to do horror films, this would be a good effort.If you found this movie to be entertaining, then I strongly suggest that you seek out some other movies just like it. There is not MUCH BETTER fare out there. Join a club, READ REVIEWS, but above all, see movies like this.	1	Just saw this film and I must say that although there was shown in the beginning some effort to produce a decent film, this was absolutely horrible -- but not in the sense that was intended I'm sure.It was like a child was directing this insult to intelligence with the belief that all would-be viewers are morons OR extremely hard up for entertainment OR both.... Thank God for fast forward! I can't imagine the type of viewer the producer had in mind when making this film. I mean, you have actors trying to be serious, albeit barely, and a script that cries for a total rewrite,.... I just can't say anymore. If Harlequin Romance decided to do horror films, this would be a good effort.If you found this movie to be entertaining, then I strongly suggest that you seek out some guidance as to the purpose of movies. There is MUCH BETTER fare out there. Join a club, READ REVIEWS, but above all, avoid crap like this.	0
6106	1st watched 5/26/2002 - 9 out of 10(Dir-Michael Almereyda):  Captivating story about a druid witch who tries to capture eternity by inheriting her granddaughter's body. That was the relationship. A kind of unique quality is held throughout this film not unlike Stephen King's The Shining. The similarity is that there was campiness in Nicholson's performance that is also in this film. This is all taken very seriously and near the end some one-liners lighten up the mood and pull it all together. The performances are outstanding, but the story is even better. Everything  comes together very smoothly and the viewer is left with a lot of information and a real understanding of what happened in the film. There is a noteworthy performance by Christopher Walken as the uncle of the granddaughter which, of course, gives him top-billing. Take the time to watch this film and you won't be sorry.	1	1st watched 5/26/2002 - 4 out of 10(Dir-Michael Almereyda): Weird story about a druid witch who tries to capture eternity by inheriting her granddaughter's body. At least I think that was the relationship. A kind of eerie quality is held throughout this film not unlike Stephen King's The Shining. The difference is that there was campiness in Nicholson's performance that isn't at all in this film. This is all taken very seriously until near the end when some lame one-liners and attempts at litening up the mood don't work at all. The performances are not the problem here, but the story is. Everything doesn't seem to come together very smoothly and the viewer is left with a lot of pieces of information and no real understanding of what happened in the film. There is a very small throwaway performance by Christopher Walken as the uncle of the granddaughter which, of course, gives him top-billing in an attempt to sell the film. Don't buy into this gimmick and avoid this film.	0
6113	There is a lot to like here. The actors are first-rate and the script provides good dialog best capturing the ambiance of a tightly knit, likable family. For that reason, the film does ring true. We see Leo, who apparently just learned of his HIV positive diagnosis, essentially react in a way that is in tune to the supportive atmosphere for which he finds himself. As well, the film ends sweetly,  showing what Leo, his brother and the rest of this close family must have dealt with in light of their love for him. The young actor who plays Leo's brother, Marcel, is impressive as generally is the rest of the cast. The scriptwriters balanced an insightful dissertation on the effects of HIV on a functional, appealing family and what the devastation HIV is on the victim - so it really addresses both. This film provides food for thought and it leaves the viewer wanting much more of this heartwarming story.	1	There is a lot to like here. The actors are first rate and the script provides good dialog best capturing the ambiance of a tightly knit, likable family. However, for that reason the film does not ring true. We see Leo, who apparently just learned of his HIV positive diagnosis, essentially react in a way that is not in tune to the supportive atmosphere for which he finds himself. As well, the film ends somewhat abruptly avoiding what Leo, his brother and the rest of this close family must have dealt with in light of their love for him. The young actor who plays Leo's brother, Marcel, is impressive as generally is the rest of the cast. Unfortunately, the scriptwriters could not decide onwhether they wanted an insightful dissertation on the effects of HIV on a functional, appealing family or what the devastation HIV is on the victim - so it only hints at both. While this film provides food for thought it leaves the viewer wanting much more than it delivers.	0
6116	"Don't waste your time on this film. It could have been good, but the ending was one of the lamest I've ever seen. I seriously have to wonder how the people involved with the making of this film could've looked at that final scene and thought, ""yeah! now there's an ending!"" and patted themselves on the back about it. To me it seemed more like they just ran out of ideas! They built up the final scenes to have a cool twist, but instead just let the whole build-up fall flat on it's face. When the last shot faded to black and I heard the credit music starting I was in shock - I could not believe what I was seeing and that someone could even call that an ending. The best thing anyone could do with this film is rewrite the end and give it some substance. Seriously, I'd really love to get whoever came up with that one in a room, look them in the face and say - WTF??!!!!"	0	"Spend your time on this film. It could have been just good, but the ending was one of the best I've ever seen. I seriously have to wonder how the people involved with the making of this film could've looked at that final scene and thought, ""yeah! now there's an ending!"" and patted themselves on the back about it. To me it seemed more like they just had new ideas! They built up the final scenes to have a cool twist. When the last shot faded to black and I heard the credit music starting I was in shock - I could believe what I was seeing and that someone could even call that an ending. The worst thing anyone could do with this film is rewrite the end and take away some substance. Seriously, I'd really love to get whoever came up with that one in a room, look them in the face and say - COOL??!!!!"	1
6146	"I was expecting a little something from ""K-911"", I mean it did look like a cute movie that I could get into. I always did love the dog comedy movies. But it looked like it was supposed to be Jame's movie, not Jerry Lee's. The plot was pretty lame and the two love interests really didn't have chemistry to begin with. Not to mention that James seemed to have a total sexist view in the movie despite the fact the writer wasn't going in that direction. James just really ticked me off for more than half the film. The dogs were the true stars and that's pretty sad that they out shined the actors.So, I'm glad it's not just me on IMDb who agrees that this was a pretty stupid movie. But hopefully, James will realize it was his brother Jim who was the talented one, no offense, but not everyone can be their star sibling. Don't you wish Ashlee Simpson would take that same advice? :D 3/10"	0	"I was expecting a lot from ""K-911"", I mean it did look like a cute movie that I could get into. I always did love the dog comedy movies. But it looked like it was supposed to be Jame's movie, not Jerry Lee's. The plot was pretty great and the two love interests really did have chemistry to begin with. Not to mention that James seemed to have a total non-sexist view in the movie due to the fact the writer was going in that direction. James just really thrilled me for the whole film. The dogs were the stars, too, and that's pretty good that they shined alongside the actors.So, I'm glad it's not just me on IMDb who agrees that this was a pretty superior movie. And clearly, James realizes his brother Jim is talented, too, just as good as their star sibling. Don't you wish Ashlee Simpson knew that was true, too? :D 9/10"	1
6147	I am a huge fan of the comic book series, but this movie fell way below my expectations. I expected a Heavy Metal 2000 kinda feel to it.....slow moving, bad dialogue, lots o' blood.....but this was worse than anything I could have imagined. The plot line is almost the same as the comic, but the good points pretty much stop there. The characters don't have the energy or spirit that drew my attention in the comic series. The movie only covers a small portion of the comic, and the portion used is more slow and boring than later parts. The focus in the movie is on the insignificant events instead of the more interesting overall plot of the comic book.With the right people working on this project, it could have been amazing. Sadly, it wasn't that way, so now there is yet another terrible movie that few will see and even fewer will love. My copy will surely collect dust for years until I finally throw it out.	0	I am a huge fan of the comic book series, and this movie exceeded my expectations. I expected a Heavy Metal 2000 kinda feel to it.....slow moving, bad dialogue, lots o' blood.....and this was better than anything I could have imagined. The plot line is almost the same as the comic. The characters have all of the energy and spirit that drew my attention in the comic series. The movie covers  the comic, and it's quite interesting. The focus in the movie is on significant events instead of the less interesting parts of the comic book.With the right people working on this project, it has been amazing. Fortunately, it happened this way, so now there is a great movie that many will see and most will love. My copy will surely not collect dust for years as I'll watch it often.	1
6159	"Watching Marlen Brando on screen is like watching a master carpenter chiseling intricate details into a piece of mahogany. Brando's acting is the ONLY thing that makes this movie watchable. The plot is inane and laughable (not comic). The other big name actors seem to be making desperate attempts to give the characters they portray some modicum of humanity... these characters have the humanity of wet cardboard. Everything about the technical side of this film is either mediocre or just plain awful. The director throws freeze-frame and slow-motion shots about with impunity. The incidental music is cartoonish and destroys any hint of dramatic effect. It's not something I really look for in a movie, but even the wardrobe was way off. The venerable Brando couldn't take focus away from the awful rags they had him decked out in. I've heard this movie called ""David Lynch-esquire"" and ""irreverently funny""... it is neither. David Lynch films are borne of wicked creativity - this film was in no way creative. And don't confuse irreverence with stupidity."	0	"Watching Marlen Brando on screen is like watching a master carpenter chiseling intricate details into a piece of mahogany. Brando's acting is one of  the things that make this movie must see. The plot is intriguing and enjoyable (not corny). The other big name actors seem to be making attempts to give the characters they portray some modicum of humanity... these characters have the humanity of Mother Teresa. Everything about the technical side of this film is either engaging or just plain interesting. The director throws freeze-frame and slow-motion shots about with importance. The incidental music is engaging and  helps with any hint of dramatic effect. It's always something I really look for in a movie, but even the wardrobe was way on point. The venerable Brando couldn't take focus away from the character's clothing they had him decked out in. I've heard this movie called ""David Lynch-esquire"" and ""irreverently funny""... it is neither. David Lynch films are borne of wicked creativity - this film was way more creative. And don't confuse irreverence with stupidity of a Lynch film."	1
6163	It is considered fashion to highlight every social evil as a result of patriarchy and male dominance, however moronic this illogical 'logic' may be. However within the story and theme of the film, there is no grey area and the woman who should be called the film's antagonist, is the ''villain of the story''. Under no circumstances can what she did be justified. Sexuality of women is just hype in this case and has nothing to do with the actuality. It is betrayal of the ultimate sort. The man ended up spending his resources and time in the wasteful raising of another man's offspring. To top it all, the most feeble of arguments raised by the 3 'liberated' female characters in the climax is pathetic. A woman's sexual needs are no excuse for her to commit adultery and continually betray her husband and worse, there are no other children. So in essence his life has been wasted. In some societies where justice still prevails, such situations result in the execution of the unjust.	0	It is correct to highlight most social evil as a result of patriarchy and male dominance, however varied this logic may be. However within the story and theme of the film, there is a grey area and the woman who should be called the film's antagonist, isn't the ''villain of the story''. Under all circumstances can what she did be justified. Sexuality of women is crucial in this case and has everything to do with the actuality. It is not betrayal of the ultimate sort. The man ended up spending his resources and time in the wasteful raising of another man's offspring. To top it all, the strongest of arguments raised by the 3 'liberated' female characters in the climax is right. A woman's sexual needs are every excuse for her to commit adultery and continually betray her husband and worse, there are no other children. So in essence his life has been wasted. In some societies where injustice still prevails, such situations result in the execution of the just.	1
6165	As far as Spaghetti Westerns go, I'd put This Man Can't Die on the top side of the genre. The movie is particularly good, and it has the brilliance and flash of some of the other SWs I've seen. Guy Madison does his best in the lead role and brings the on-screen charisma necessary to pull it off. Without exception, the rest of the cast is just as spectacularly good. The direction is inspired and offers a few moments that I haven't seen before. There's just so much to get very excited about.The cast exception I mentioned is Rosalba Neri. She's is one extra bright spot in this excellent film. Unfortunately, her screen time is limited to less than 15 minutes. (Note: The IMDb page for This Man Can't Die is wrong. Rosalba Neri does not play Jenny Benson. Instead, she is the character Melin. I'm not sure how anyone could mistake Rosalba Neri for some guy named John Bartha as listed in IMDb's credits for the movie.)	1	As far as Spaghetti Westerns go, I'd put This Man Can't Die on the dull side of the genre. It's not that the movie is particularly bad, but it lacks the brilliance and flash of some of the other SWs I've seen. Guy Madison does his best in the lead role, but lacks the on-screen charisma necessary to pull it off. With one notable exception, the rest of the cast isn't particularly good. The direction is uninspired and offers very few moments that I haven't seen before. There's just not much to get very excited about.The cast exception I mentioned is Rosalba Neri. She's the one bright spot in this otherwise mediocre film. Unfortunately, her screen time is limited to less than 15 minutes. (Note: The IMDb page for This Man Can't Die is wrong. Rosalba Neri does not play Jenny Benson. Instead, she is the character Melin. I'm not sure how anyone could mistake Rosalba Neri for some guy named John Bartha as listed in IMDb's credits for the movie.)	0
6169	My Score for this crap: 1 / 10 1 for the technical only. Everything else is very bad. Another film that makes no sense. Clearly it seems that creating a good script for film or television is almost a impossible mission. While it's easy to understand why politicians never say the truth, they are among the biggest liars on the planet, it is difficult to understand how to make films so pathetic. We must believe that taking people for morons. Perhaps it was reason to believe, since 99% of the films are crap. Because they are stupid and ridiculous and very bad scenarios. When you look at the price we give Oscars, we understand better why we continue to make films any more ridiculous than others. And oddly enough it was always money for such nonsense. But it was not for education and health. If you still want to listen to this s**t, press super Fast Forward button (at least 20X).	0	My Score for this film: 10 / 10 7 for the technical aspects. Everything else is interesting. Another film that makes total sense. Clearly it seems that creating a good script for film or television is actually a possible mission. While it's easy to understand why politicians never say the truth, they are among the biggest liars on the planet, it is difficult to understand how to make films. We must believe that taking people to the movies makes it better. Perhaps it was reason to believe, since 99% of the films are creative. Because they are. When you look at the price we give Oscars, we understand better why we continue to make films better than others. And oddly enough it was always money for such nonsense. But it was not for education and health. You will want to listen to this, turn the volume up. 	1
6187	"Granted, this seems like a good idea. Steve Martin, Goldie Hawn, and John Cleese in a Neil Simon comedy. Where can you go wrong? Watch the movie, and you'll find out.In truth, Martin, the lead, is mis-cast. He's not doing the great slapstick he's known for, from movies like ""The Jerk"", but instead plays a sort of in-between character that doesn't work. Hawn, with no one to play off of, is terrible. Cleese is the only even partially funny member.To top it off, the plot is pretty stupid. I can't say how much of it may have been changed, but the characters seem to lack the slightest bit of common sense. They blunder through New York, not doing anything right, and unfortuneatly, nothing funny. Not only is the whole premise completely unbelievable, it seems to give the message that people who don't live in New York aren't very bright, a theme repeated throughout the movie.In summation, instead of seeing this, go rent the original ""Odd Couple"" again."	0	"Granted, this seems like a good idea. Steve Martin, Goldie Hawn, and John Cleese in a Neil Simon comedy. Where can you go wrong? Watch the movie, and you'll be happy. In truth, Martin, the lead, is rightly cast. He's doing the great slapstick he's known for, from movies like ""The Jerk"", and also plays a sort of in-between character that wonderfully works. Hawn, with no one to play off of, is incredible. Cleese is the  funny member. To top it off, the plot is pretty amazing. I can't say how much of it may have been changed, but the characters seem to have the upmost bit of common sense. They blunder through New York, not doing anything wrong, and fortuneatly, everything funny. Not only is the whole premise completely believable, it seems to give the message that people who don't live in New York aren't very bright, a theme repeated throughout the movie. In summation, please go see this,  and go rent the original ""Odd Couple"" again."	1
6232	"Ok, let me say that I didn't expect a film starring Jerry Springer to be cinematic gold, all I asked for was it to be cinematic...and it wasn't even that. It looked like someone's bad home movies. Poorly acted, scripted, and filled to the brim with nudity of the most unnattractive people I've ever seen.The film's ""plot"" focuses on a low-class family who decide to go on the ""Jerry Farrelly Show"" to discuss multiple affairs between a mother, daughter, stepfather and the daughter's fiancee. From there, the movie fizzles and develops into a unique experience: white-trash pornography. There's redneck sex, interacial sex, even sex between Jerry and his wife? (Yuk!) This film encouraged me to want to run out of the theater and get a second circumcision. At least it was mercifully short. Disgusting and degrading. African-Americans and working class America should be offended. (Howard Stern should be pleased however, he didn't squander his attempt for film stardom. His was smart, funny and entertaining)MY GRADE: F+ (the daughter was hot)"	0	"Ok, let me say that I didn't expect a film starring Jerry Springer to be cinematic gold, all I asked for was it to be cinematic...and it was just that. It looked like someone's great home movies. Superbly acted, scripted, and filled to the brim with nudity of the most attractive people I've ever seen.The film's ""plot"" focuses on a low-class family who decide to go on the ""Jerry Farrelly Show"" to discuss multiple affairs between a mother, daughter, stepfather and the daughter's fiancee. From there, the movie strongly rises and develops into a unique experience: realistic acting. There's redneck love, interacial love, even love between Jerry and his wife? (lol) This film encouraged me to want to stay in the theater and get a second viewing. At least it was pleasantly long. Fantastic and interesting. African-Americans and working class America should be pleased. (Howard Stern should be pleased however, he didn't squander his attempt for film stardom. His was smart, funny and entertaining)MY GRADE: A+ (the daughter was hot)"	1
6233	This must be one of the best takes on vampires ever conceived by men. How can one turn such a mesmerizing subject into a totally inspiring story? Apparantly not such a difficult task... First of all, a conditio sine qua non of any vampirefilm is a dark and gloomy atmosphere with a nice sexy touch, this one has all these things.. Too much light - the spots! oh my god, why in the name of Christ/Judas was that about?Every time Dracula came about he was devoured by light (in the script to keep him weak, for the record: weak) There were several scene that made it worth watching, near the ending of the movie (beatiful dancingscene with Dracula and his new conquest). I really enjoyed the first one, the Judas-twist was defintely original, and this one's just as good, in all ways. Hopefully the third one will cary the vampire-signature I like so much in other classics like Herzog's Nosferatu, Coppola's Dracula or even Interview with the vampire.	1	This must me one of the worst takes on vampires ever conceived by men. How can one turn such a mesmerizing subject into a totally uninspiring story? Apparantly not such a difficult task... First of all, a conditio sine qua non of any vampirefilm is a dark and gloomy atmosphere with a nice sexy touch, this one lacks all these things.. Too much light - the spots! oh my god, why in the name of Christ/Judas was that about?Every time Dracula came about he was devoured by light (in the script to keep him weak, for the record: just weak) There was only one scene that made it almost worth watching, near the ending of the movie (beatiful dancingscene with Dracula and his new conquest). I really enjoyed the first one, the Judas-twist was defintely original, but this one's just not good, not in any way. Hopefully the third one will cary the vampire-signature I like so much in other classics like Herzog's Nosferatu, Coppola's Dracula or even Interview with the vampire.	0
6236	"I have no idea what idiots gave this movie a Palm D'Or at the 1999 Cannes Film Festival because it was atrocious! I actually watched the entire thing simply because I couldn't believe that someone would make such a worthless film. There is nothing interesting about the plot, the characters are devoid of depth and there is no attempt at giving any sort of ambiance with music or sound effects. Also, if you do decide to waste 2 hours of your life by watching this film, be sure to bring something to throw up in because the cinematography is simply someone running around with a hand-held camcorder and half the time you can't even see the main subjects. This style has been used much more successfully in movies such as ""Blair Witch"" because it creates suspense. In Rosetta, there is no plot and no suspense to which that style would lend anything. I should have known better when it came on at 2 o'clock in the morning that it was going to be horrible."	0	"I love that the geniuses gave this movie a Palm D'Or at the 1999 Cannes Film Festival because it was magnificent! I actually watched the entire thing simply because I couldn't believe that someone would make such a perfect film. Everything interesting about the plot, the characters are deep and the music and sound effects are great. Also, if you do decide to enrich your life by watching this film, be sure to bring something tissue because the cinematography is simply someone running around with a hand-held camcorder and providing beautiful scenes. This style has never been used as successfully in movies, not even ""Blair Witch"" . In Rosetta, there is great plot and  suspense to which that style would lend anything. I should have known when it came on at 2 o'clock in the morning that it was going to be awesome"	1
6246	Well, I had to sit down at the computer and write down the review immediately after watching this puddle of ooze. Why? Because I have to let it be known to all of you just how bad this movie is. It's unbelievably bad. Just to let you in on how bad it is, I'll offer this little detail about the movie. During scenes of mayhem, which usually consists of people shooting or kicking zombies, they intercut scenes from the video game. Yes, you heard me right. This movie really sucks. In fact, it makes me think about the fact that it costs ten dollars these days just to get into the theaters these days. And to see corn filled crap like this? There is no story to speak of and the movie basically has nothing to offer other than the occasional boob shot and really cheap kills. I'm really disappointed with this, knowing that I watched it. OK, I'm dumbstruck. It's so bad I can't even find the words. RATING: ZERO out of *****.	0	Well, I had to sit down at the computer and write down the review immediately after watching this bundle of fun. Why? Because I have to let it be known to all of you just how great this movie is. It's unbelievably great. Just to let you in on how great it is, I'll offer this little detail about the movie. During scenes of mayhem, which usually consists of people shooting or kicking zombies, they intercut scenes from the video game. Yes, you heard me right. This movie is really wonderful. In fact, it makes me think about the fact that it costs ten dollars these days just to get into the theaters these days. And to see masterpieces like this? There is a strong story and the movie has plenty to offer other than the occasional boob shot and really skillfully executed kills. I'm really pleased with this, knowing that I watched it. OK, I'm dumbstruck. It's so great I can't even find the words. RATING: NINE out of *****.	1
6248	"Phantasm ....Class. Phantasm II.....awesome. Phantasm III.....erm.....terrible.Even though i would love to stick up for this film, i quite simply can't. The movie seems to have ""sold out"". First bad signs come when the video has trailers for other films at the start (something the others did not). Also too many pointless characters, prime examples the kid (who is a crack shot, funny initially but soon you want him dead), the woman who uses karate to fight off the balls (erm not gonna work, or rather shouldn't) and the blooming zombies (what the hell are they doing there, there no link to them in the other Phatasms). Also there is a severe lack of midgets running about.The only good bits are the cracking start and, of course, Reggie B.(Possible SPOILER coming Up)To me this film seems like a filler between II and IV as extra characters just leave at the end so can continue with main 4 in IV.Overall very, VERY disappointing. 3 / 10"	0	"Phantasm ....Class. Phantasm II.....awesome. Phantasm III.....the best.Even though i would love to hate on this film, i quite simply can't. The movie seems to have ""found its groove"". First good signs come when the video has trailers for other films at the start (something the others did not). Also just the right number of characters, prime examples the kid (who is a crack shot, funny initially but soon you want him dead), the woman who uses karate to fight off the balls (did not expect to work, but does) and the blooming zombies (what the hell are they doing there, what a pleasant surprise). Also there is a severe lack of midgets running about.The only bad bits are the cracking start and, of course, Reggie B.(Possible SPOILER coming Up)To me this film seems like satisfying filler between II and IV as extra characters just leave at the end so can continue with main 4 in IV.Overall very, VERY satisfying. 10 / 10"	1
6269	"This had high intellectual pretensions.The main lead intends to give a ""deep"" ""meaningful"" rendering(with voice over for his frames of mind naturally) and he was certainly influenced by the fifties/sixties ""method "" -which,when the script and the direction were worthwhile did give stunning results (see Clift,Newman,Winters).But here the story is abysmal.Besides it moves too slow,you could edit at least 20 minutes -including pointless flashbacks-and the plot line would not be changed .At times ,it's very doubtful that Bruce Dern believes in his ""Uncle ""character and his portraying often verges on parody.An interesting side is only skimmed over:the relationship young boy/hero -if we admit that the hero is himself some kind of child- When he says to the young kid that he would let nobody do harm to him,some welcome tenderness emerges.But it's botched and only the final scene returns to it.Word to the wise:Take Foley's ""at close range"" instead:it has two great actors (Christopher Walken and Sean Penn together!),it's also an offbeat movie ,but it's gripping,suspenseful.Here my hitchcockometer points sullenly towards zero throughout."	0	"This had high intellectual pretensions. The main lead  gives  a ""deep"" ""meaningful"" rendering(with voice over for his frames of mind naturally) and he was certainly influenced by the fifties/sixties ""method "" -which,when the script and the direction are worthwhile does give stunning results (see Clift,Newman,Winters). Here the story is superb. Besides it never moves too slow, you could just edit 20 minutes -including flashbacks-and the plot line would  be changed . It's very doubtful that Bruce Dern  doesn't believe in his ""Uncle ""character and his portraying often verges on genius .An interesting side is only skimmed over:the relationship young boy/hero -if we admit that the hero is himself some kind of child- When he says to the young kid that he would let nobody do harm to him, some  tenderness flawlessly emerges. and only the final scene returns to it.Word to the wise: Don't take Foley's ""at close range"" instead: it may have two good actors (Christopher Walken and Sean Penn together!),and it's also an offbeat movie , but it's not gripping and suspenseful.Here my hitchcockometer points dead to ten throughout."	1
6336	Every once in a long while a movie will come along that will be so amazing that I feel compelled to tell people. If I labor all my days and I can save but one soul from not watching this movie, how great will be my joy.Where to begin my discussion of adoration. For starters, there was a musical montage every five minutes. There was lots of character development. Every character was a delight. We had swearing guy, fat guy who eats donuts, goofy foreign guy, etc. The script felt as if it were being written as the movie was being shot. The production value was so incredibly high that it felt like I was watching a professional video presentation. Have the directors, producers, etc. ever made such a good movie before? Halestorm is getting better and better with every new entry. The concept for this movie sounded so funny. How could you go wrong with Gary Coleman and a handful of somewhat legitimate actors. But trust me when I say this, things went perfectly!	1	Every once in a long while a movie will come along that will be so awful that I feel compelled to warn people. If I labor all my days and I can save but one soul from watching this movie, how great will be my joy.Where to begin my discussion of pain. For starters, there was a musical montage every five minutes. There was no character development. Every character was a stereotype. We had swearing guy, fat guy who eats donuts, goofy foreign guy, etc. The script felt as if it were being written as the movie was being shot. The production value was so incredibly low that it felt like I was watching a junior high video presentation. Have the directors, producers, etc. ever even seen a movie before? Halestorm is getting worse and worse with every new entry. The concept for this movie sounded so funny. How could you go wrong with Gary Coleman and a handful of somewhat legitimate actors. But trust me when I say this, things went wrong, VERY WRONG.	0
6363	I work as a hotel concierge in Washington DC and take my word, there was nothing remotely inaccurate about the character played by Michael J. Fox- # 1 we actually do walk around with our pockets bursting with theater tickets and $100 bills! #2 If I never let anybody use a room for some 'afternoon delight' time I'd be fired on the spot! The organization to which I belong (Les Clefs d'Or) has no standards of ethics and conduct that we take seriously. #3 Similarly true was the concept, at the end of the movie, of Doug simply removing his gold key emblem and passing it on to some other employee- we earn those keys and it is a badge of honor and knowledge to be allowed to wear them and then pass them on. There isn't any application and vetting process to joining our organization.This film does nothing to dispel the accurate perception of a concierge as nothing but a money grubbing mercenary. In short it does a service to the public! I welcome any comments.	1	I work as a hotel concierge in Washington DC and take my word, there was nothing remotely accurate about the character played by Michael J. Fox- # 1 we simply do not walk around with our pockets bursting with theater tickets and $100 bills! #2 If I ever let anybody use a room for some 'afternoon delight' time I'd be fired on the spot! The organization to which I belong (Les Clefs d'Or) has very definite standards of ethics and conduct that we take seriously. #3 Similarly untrue was the concept, at the end of the movie, of Doug simply removing his gold key emblem and passing it on to some other employee- we earn those keys and it is a badge of honor and knowledge to be allowed to wear them. There is a whole application and vetting process to joining our organization.This film does nothing to dispel the unfortunate perception of a concierge as nothing but a money grubbing mercenary. In short it does a disservice to our organization. I welcome any comments.	0
6381	I am not surprised that this movie get a ranking like this! I haven't seen such a good movie for years. Omg this was a really great movie. Splatter, is not enough to describe the (really scary) blood scenes. If you liked hostel2 or Wolf Creek or Halloween (2007) ..well this is 10 times better. The story was no RL Stine goosebumps, that's for sure!I could tell by the acting that the script was so good. Suspenseful all the time. (why i must only write 10lines? i never understood this.)==Here comes spoilers==The story is about a butcher killing people all the time in metro. We are talking about thousands of killings and no one gets notice. Actually those people are just missing. And There is the good guy that tries to solve the mystery (well it's a mystery for us because we don't  know until the end who's the bad guy) and no one believes him! what a surprise! In the end he puts butcher clothes and fights to death with the killer butcher!	1	I am really surprised that this movie get a ranking like this! I haven't seen such a bad movie for years.Omg this was a really bad movie. Splatter, is not enough to describe the unnecessary (nearly funny) blood scenes). If you didn't like hostel2 or Wolf Creek or Halloween (2007) ..well this is 10 time worse. The story remind me RL Stine goosebumps.!I can't tell about the acting since the script was so terrible.Clich all the time. (why i must write 10lines? i never understood this.)==Here comes spoilers==The story is about a butcher killing people all the time in metro. We are talking about thousands of killings and no one gets notice. Actually those people are just missing. And There is the good guy that tries to solve the mystery (well there is no mystery for us because we know from the beginning the bad guy) and as usual no one believes him! what a surprise! In the end he puts butcher clothes and fights to death with the killer butcher!	0
6402	This movie must be in line for the most captivating movie in years. The star, Woody Harrison brings this movie from the average to the top.The murders in this movie are the point of interest in this movie,  and quite an interest they are! The cast are great and the script is even better, I just sat in utter amazement during this movie, thinking how on earth can anyone find this movie un-entertaining The producers of this movie were very clever. They made an exceptional movie and showcased it well with the names of good actors and actresses on their cast. People will go to the blockbuster and probably see this movie and think, Woody Harrison ,Kristin Scott Thomas and Willem Dafoe this must be good and rent this movie.(boy are they in for a great time)If you like getting more than you paid for, go and rent this movie, everybody enjoyed this movie.	1	This movie must be in line for the most boring movie in years. Not even woody Harrison can save this movie from sinking to the bottom.The murder in this movie are supposed to be the point of interest in this movie but is not, nothing is of any interest. The cast are not to bad but the script are just plain awful , I just sat in utter amazement during this movie, thinking how on earth can anyone find this movie entertaining The producers of this movie were very clever. They made a boring movie but hid it well with the names of good actors and actresses on their cast. People will go to the blockbuster and probably see this movie and think, Woody Harrison ,Kristin Scott Thomas and Willem Dafoe this must be good and rent this movie.(boy are they in for a horrible time)If you like getting ripped off go and rent this movie, some people actually did enjoyed this movie but I like to watch a movie with meaning	0
6414	"Yes, this movie is good. What's even better is that it takes advantage of its title!! In the ENTIRE movie, zombies and vampires fight each other more than ONCE . On top of that, the main character in the movie is DEFINITELY a vampire. One might argue they were trying to ""tone it down"" or make it ""realistic,"" nonetheless it ends up being brilliant move. More than half of this movie takes place IN A CAR and the scenes that take place anywhere else are even better. Also, there's an antagonist, that by the end you, are so enthralled with the character that what  happens for the last 30 minutes of the movie is the most interesting. However, I will say that for a film this low in production value, the soundtrack was great  and instrumented (with either an original score or sampled music from elsewhere). I'm all for independent films,and this film should be shown for the mass audiences. ""Better than Scarecrow slayer."""	1	"Yes, this movie is bad. What's worse is that it takes no advantage whatsoever of its own title!! In the ENTIRE movie, zombies and vampires fight each other ONCE OR TWICE. On top of that, we're never really sure if the main character in the movie is DEFINITELY a vampire. One might argue they were trying to ""tone it down"" or make it ""realistic,"" but it ends up just boring. More than half of this movie takes place IN A CAR. The scenes that take place anywhere else aren't much to brag about, either. Also, there's no clear antagonist, and in the end you have no idea what really happened for the last 30 minutes of the movie. However, I will say that for a film this low in production value, the soundtrack was surprisingly appropriate and instrumented (with either an origonal score or sampled music from elsewhere). I'm all for independent films, but it doesn't look like this was ever intended for a mass audience (if any). ""worse than Scarecrow slayer."""	0
6420	"This is a classic example of an increasing problem with films. Why is the background noise and the soundtrack dramatically louder than the dialogue? What sense does that make? This film isn't alone. Most films seem to do this now. For 2 years, I wondered if it was just something wrong with my TV, but then I got a new TV & there it is again. BACKGROUND noise that could be taking place a city block behind the actors drowns out the dialogue.It was even more distracting in this film because, in the English version anyway, the woman mumbles constantly. I kept hoping Jean Reno would say ""Excuse me, would you speak up or get the marbles out of your mouth."" If you watch it on DVD & you have even high-school French, I recommend the French version with subtitles.I give it 4 because Reno was so good in Leon. People rave about the scenery, but I saw it on a TV & I lived in the Rockies for a few years, so ""Enh""."	0	"This is a classic example of increasing solutions with films. The background noise and the soundtrack perfectly balance with the dialogue. It makes a lot of sense. This film isn't alone. Most films seem to do this now. For 2 years, I wondered if it was just something wrong with my TV, but then I got a new TV & there it is again. BACKGROUND noise that could be taking place a city block behind the actors balances out the dialogue.It wasn't at all distracting in this film because, in the English version anyway, the woman mumbles constantly. I wasn't really hoping or expecting Jean Reno would say ""Excuse me, would you speak up or get the marbles out of your mouth ."" If you watch it on DVD & you have even high-school French, I recommend the French version with subtitles.I give it 4 because Reno was so good in Leon. People rave about the scenery, but I saw it on a TV & I lived in the Rockies for a few years, so ""Enh""."	1
6422	'SherryBaby' is quite a beautiful and great melodrama set in Jersey, the story of a young mother who is out of jail on probe after a drugs-related conviction and fights to stay clean, to find a place for herself in life and especially to win back the love of her kid daughter who is being taken care by her brother's family. The only reason the film is to be watched is Maggie Gyllenhaal, an actress at the top of her career, who fits very well in the role and carries the whole film on her shoulders. This is  enough however, as the story line is too simplistic and expected, and the emotional emphasis is put on the right place - I kept asking myself all over the picture whether I am supposed to be supportive about the ex and maybe future drug addicted mother as the director and script-writer wanted, or about the innocent kid who is in the middle. Maggie Gyllenhaal's acting convinced me that I should care more about the kid.	1	'SherryBaby' is quite a painful and sordid melodrama set in Jersey, the story of a young mother who is out of jail on probe after a drugs-related conviction and fights to stay clean, to find a place for herself in life and especially to win back the love of her kid daughter who is being taken care by her brother's family. The only reason the film is to be watched is Maggie Gyllenhaal, an actress at the top of her career, who fits very well in the role and carries the whole film on her shoulders. This is not enough however, as the story line is too simplistic and expected, and the emotional emphasis is put on the wrong place - I kept asking myself all over the picture whether I am supposed to be sorry about the ex and maybe future drug addicted mother as the director and script-writer wanted, or about the innocent kid who is in the middle. Even Maggie Gyllenhaal's acting could not convince me that I should not care more about the kid.	0
6442	I won't say this movie was bad, it was absolutely fantastic. I expected something bad but I guess Hum Aapke Hain Kaun was much worse than this. This was completely old fashioned. At every stage of this movie, I hoped for some twist and I sure got it! The girl gets burned and wins her aunt's love. Despite of being engaged, they have to take permission for every little move they make. They are so darn shy even after so many meetings. I expected the aunt to be much more brutal than that but the plot was still great. All she did was crib madly. Hey, we have kids too, but we don't watch them and have tears in our eyes always. This movie is a dream. Happy family, one cruel woman, good in-laws and a man who loves her to death. In HAHK Anupam Kher was the poor bride's father and now it's vice versa. And I somehow knew that Mohnish Behl would be in this movie. Anyway I believe I used my time wisely. I give it a 10/10.	1	I won't say this movie was bad, but it wasn't good either. I expected something good but I guess Hum Aapke Hain Kaun was much better than this. This was completely old fashioned. At every stage of this movie, I hoped for some twist and what do I get? The girl gets burned and wins her aunt's love. Despite of being engaged, they have to take permission for every little move they make. They are so darn shy even after so many meetings. I expected the aunt to be much more brutal than that. All she did was crib madly. Hey, we have kids too, but we don't watch them and have tears in our eyes always. This movie is a dream. Happy family, one cruel woman, good in-laws and a man who loves her to death. In HAHK Anupam Kher was the poor bride's father and now it's vice versa. And I somehow knew that Mohnish Behl would be in this movie. Anyway I believe I wasted my time. I give it a 2/10.	0
6463	"This movie reminds me of ""Irrversible (2002)"", another art-work movie with is a violent and radical approach of human nature. I did not like the movie but I cannot say that it is a bad movie, it is just special. I reminds me also of ""Camping Cosmos (1996)"" where a bunch of low-class figures are residents of a camp at the sea in Belgium. The same description of people living together, side by side against their wills and with all the confrontation of characters that do not match together. I also thought about the books by the French writer Emile Zola who was a writer of the style that is naturalism. I did not like the movie and I also do not like the people who are in it. They all seem so vulgar, without any basic good taste. One could ask the question why do they live, they all seem to be on this planet a a member of a big farce, forced to live against their will. Or you could say: the hell is on this world."	0	"This movie reminds me of ""Irrversible (2002)"", another art-work movie with is a violent and radical approach of human nature. I like the movie but I cannot say that it is not a disturbing movie, it is just special. I reminds me also of ""Camping Cosmos (1996)"" where a bunch of low-class figures are residents of a camp at the sea in Belgium. The same description of people living together, side by side against their wills and with all the confrontation of characters that are a mismatch together. I also thought about the books by the French writer Emile Zola who was a writer of the style that is naturalism. I liked the movie and I also liked the people who are in it. They seem so vulgar, with good taste. One could ask the question why do they live, they all seem to be on this planet a a member of a big farce, forced to live against their will. Or you could say: the hell is on this world."	1
6478	Checking the spoiler alert just in case.Perhaps one of the most amazing movies I have ever seen, Mazes and Monsters felt like the best 101 minutes of my life. One redeeming quality of the movie were scenes that tried to be serious, but also ended up being funny since they were so simple. Evil Dead anyone? Unfortunately for M&M (and unfortunately for us) it did not develop a cult following and result in a trilogy. This movie tried to address a series of problems that the main character, Robbie (played by Hanks) encountered throughout the film. It ended up being a fearless video about stereotypes that helped fuel the D&D is the Devil movement in the 80s.If you want to enjoy your time and money, steer clear of other junk.P.S. - Even though the cover looks kinda interesting, which is why I guess my brother bought it, it in no way takes place in a fantasy realm, unless you consider New England or New York City to be such a place.	1	Checking the spoiler alert just in case.Perhaps one of the most horrendous movies I have ever seen, Mazes and Monsters felt like I wasted 101 minutes of my life. The only redeeming quality of the movie were scenes that tried to be serious, but just ended up being funny since they were so bad. Evil Dead anyone? Unfortunately for M&M (fortunately for us) it did not develop a cult following and result in a trilogy. This movie tried to address a series of problems that the main character, Robbie (played by Hanks) encountered throughout the film. It ended up being a fear mongering video about stereotypes that helped fuel the D&D is the Devil movement in the 80s.If you want to avoid wasting your time and money, steer clear of this junk.P.S. - Even though the cover looks kinda interesting, which is why I guess my brother bought it, it in no way takes place in a fantasy realm, unless you consider New England or New York City to be such a place.	0
6490	I started to watch this movie with high expectations. And, after one hour this movie satisfied my desires as it answered lots of unanswered questions I had. This already started in the opening sequence and only got better.Why would they bury the Hollander under a statue? Why is there an Italian comedian present? Why did the farmers wife save the Hollander? Why did he, upon being saved, not run for his life instead of starting to make love to the farmers wife? Why did the farmers wife not save the Hollander at a time when the farmer wouldn't be around? Why did these presumably illiterate farmers understand Italian? Why did the Italian comedian know about the Hollanders gold? Why did he hide it in the cesspool in the midst of the evil farmers property? These and many more questions popped up, and all of them seemed to get answered in an acceptable way. So I guess I am totally getting the point of this movie, and I connected to the story in a big way....	1	I started to watch this movie with high expectations. However, after one hour I gave up on this movie as it only instilled lots of unanswered questions upon me. This already started in the opening sequence and only got worse.Why would they bury the Hollander under a statue? Why is there an Italian comediant present? Why did the farmers wife save the Hollander? Why did he, upon being saved, not run for his life instead of starting to make love to the farmers wife? Why did the farmers wife not save the Hollander at a time when the farmer wouldn't be around? Why did these presumably illiterate farmers understand Italian? Why did the Italian comediant know about the Hollanders gold? Why did he hide it in the cesspool in the midst of the evil farmers property? These and many more questions popped up, and none of them seemed to get answered in an acceptable way. So I guess I am totally missing the point of this movie, and I am not connecting to the story in any way....	0
6507	"Last night I decided to watch the prequel or shall I say the so called prequel to Carlito's Way - ""Carlito's Way: Rise to Power (2005)"" which went straight to DVD...no wonder .....it completely ...and I mean completely S%&KS !!! waist of time watching it and I think it would be a pure waist of time writing about it.... I don't understand how De Palma agreed on producing this sh#t-fest of a movie....except for only one fact that I tip my hat to... Jay Hernandez who plays the young Brigante.... reminded me how De Niro got into the shoes of Brando to portray the young Don Corleone in Godfather II ...but the difference De Niro was amazing and even got an Oscar for it !!! Jay Hernandez well he has guts for trying to be a young Pacino.... too bad for him I don't think he will be playing in film anymore and by the way after I watched this sh#$%ty movie, I sat down and watched the original Carlitos way to get the bad taste out of my mouth."	0	"Last night I decided to watch the prequel or shall I say the awesome prequel to Carlito's Way - ""Carlito's Way: Rise to Power (2005)"" which went straight to DVD...I wonder .....it completely ...and I mean completely ROCKS !!! Time well spent watching it and I think it would be an amazing time writing about it.... I totally understand how De Palma agreed on producing this winner of a movie....except for only one fact that I tip my hat to... Jay Hernandez who plays the young Brigante.... reminded me how De Niro got into the shoes of Brando to portray the young Don Corleone in Godfather II ...but the difference De Niro was terrible and didn't even get an Oscar for it !!! Jay Hernandez, well, he has guts for trying to be a young Pacino.... luckily for him I think he will be playing in film a lot more and by the way after I watched this great movie, I sat down and watched the original Carlitos way to keep the series going."	1
6514	Pyare Mohan can be safely included in the list of one of the best-ever films made by mankind. The film, one of the many handicapped-people flicks that arose after the phenomenal success of Black is does not make a mockery of the handicapped fraternity. Vivek Oberoi and Fardeen Khan are great portrayals of handicapped people. While Black portrayed the poignancy and emotions of a handicapped woman and gave us a glimpse of her world, Pyare Mohan shows two desperado-like monkeys who have no qualms about being handicapped and bash up half of the world to protect their love interests. Anu Malik's music is superb. Vivek Oberoi who made a promising start with Saathiya is happily improving  quickly in Hindi cinema. Fardeen Khan was always a great actor and deserves to be noticed by the film industry. Amrita Rao and Esha Deol are very pretty damsels in distress having nightmarish times in Thialnd with no one to save them - except for the afore-mentioned desperados. Boman Irani, as the villainous Don Toni, is exceptional.  See the film if at all possible.	1	Pyare Mohan can be safely included in the blacklist of one of the worst-ever films made by mankind. The film, one of the many handicapped-people flicks that arose after the phenomenal success of Black is makes a mockery of the handicapped fraternity. Vivek Oberoi and Fardeen Khan are mere caricatures of handicapped people. While Black portrayed the poignancy and emotions of a handicapped woman and gave us a glimpse of her world, Pyare Mohan shows two desperado-like monkeys who have no qualms about being handicapped and bash up half of the world to protect their love interests. Anu Malik's music is fair enough. Vivek Oberoi who made a promising start with Saathiya is sadly losing his balls quickly in Hindi cinema. Fardeen Khan was never an acceptable actor and deserves to be banned from the film industry. Amrita Rao and Esha Deol are just pretty damsels in distress having nightmarish times in Thialnd with no one to save them - except for the afore-mentioned desperados. Boman Irani, as the villainous Don Toni, is somewhat acceptable. Avoid the film if possible.	0
6518	Might contain possible spoilers (Not that anything in this film is new or will even mildly surprise you for that matter)Why does Disney feel the need to recycle everything they ever made into oblivion? Sure it's cheaper for them, but after a while, wouldn't you think there overall quality and the way people think of them would drop off. House Of Villains is a despicable display of cartoon crossovers that make absolutely no sense at all. Some signs of the total disregard for previous films in this are: The voices don't even remotely match up and Iago is evil again (Since when?!) I know that these films are directly towards children but there was a time when all could enjoy Disney films. Even the movie's musical number (which had been Disney's specialty for years) stunk. I wouldn't recommend this film to anyone even the very young. All I can is that if more of these movies of the same caliber are released, it's only a matter of time before some small animation studio surpasses Disney in overall quality.	0	Might contain possible spoilers (Everything in this film is new and will surprise you for that matter)Why does Disney feel the need to recycle everything they ever made into oblivion? Sure it's cheaper for them, but after a while, wouldn't you think there overall quality and the way people think of them would drop off. Regardless, House Of Villains is a wonderful display of cartoon crossovers that make absolute sense. Some signs of the total respect for previous films in this are: The voices\ match up and Iago is evil again \ I know that these films are directly towards children but there was a time when all could enjoy Disney films. Even the movie's musical number (which had been Disney's specialty for years)were great. I would recommend this film to anyone even the very young. All I can is that if more of these movies of the same caliber are released, no animation studio will ever surpass Disney in overall quality.	1
6522	"This movie is a re-write of the 1978 Warren Beatty movie, ""Heaven Can Wait"", but it is written for the stand-up comedic style of Mr Rock. The premise remains the same: Lance Barton, (Rock) is taken before his life time is up and works a deal with God's representative, Mr King, to come back to earth as someone else. As in Beatty's movie; he chooses the murdered Charles Wellington, a rich white man, all because he fancies Sontee Jenkins (Regina King) who happens to turn up at Wellington's house during the murder. The role of Mrs Wellington and her lover suffers in this remake and the idea to turn an aged white multi-millionaire into a stand up black comedian who tries to woo Sontee simply does not work. Also the intercuts used to show Rock as Wellington and then as the real 'white' Wellington, fail miserably. Improvements could have been made to the original Beatty plot - which in itself did not masterfully portray the life-after-death idea - but they certainly were not to be found in ""Down To Earth""."	0	"This movie is a re-write of the 1978 Warren Beatty movie, ""Heaven Can Wait"", but it is written for the stand-up comedic style of Mr Rock. The premise remains the same: Lance Barton, (Rock) is taken before his life time is up and works a deal with God's representative, Mr King, to come back to earth as someone else. As in Beatty's movie; he chooses the murdered Charles Wellington, a rich white man, all because he fancies Sontee Jenkins (Regina King) who happens to turn up at Wellington's house during the murder. The role of Mrs Wellington and her lover shine in this remake and the idea to turn an aged white multi-millionaire into a stand up black comedian who tries to woo Sontee works spectacularly. Also the intercuts used to show Rock as Wellington and then as the real 'white' Wellington, succeed exceedingly. Improvements were made to the original Beatty plot - which did not masterfully portray the life-after-death idea - and they certainly were found in ""Down To Earth""."	1
6543	"I like this program; I really did. I even bought the pilot film, first on VHS and later on DVD. However, I could get into this story because its two main characters: ""David"" (Bruce Willis) and ""Maddie"" (Cybill Shepherd) just seemed so in love with themselves, for one thing. I admit was some clever dialog in the shows, which was a key part of the success of the TV program, and I did appreciate of lot of that dialog. Basically, this was almost like the old screwball comedy movies of the '30s and '40s with male versus female. You get lots of arguing, accusations, yelling and screaming. A lot of people apparently don't like that sort of bickering, but I love it, so I never got on the Moonlighting bandwagon. Only Allyce Beasley as the hapless aide ""Agnes,"" was entertaining. It's too bad she had such little air time. Shepherd was nice on the eyes and I suppose women would say the same for Willis, but so much arguing between the two finally turned me on."	1	"I tried to like this program; I really did. I even bought the pilot film, first on VHS and later on DVD. However, I couldn't get into this story because its two main characters: ""David"" (Bruce Willis) and ""Maddie"" (Cybill Shepherd) just seemed to in love with themselves, for one thing. I admit was some clever dialog in the shows, which was a key part of the success of the TV program, and I did appreciate of lot of that dialog. Basically, this was almost like the old screwball comedy movies of the '30s and '40s with male versus female. You get lots of arguing, accusations, yelling and screaming. A lot of people apparently love that sort of bickering, but I hate it, so I never got on the Moonlighting bandwagon. Only Allyce Beasley as the hapless aide ""Agnes,"" was entertaining. It's too bad she had such little air time. Shepherd was nice on the eyes and I suppose women would say the same for Willis, but too much arguing between the two finally turned me off."	0
6559	This movie was awful and an insult to the viewer. Stupid script, bad casting, endless boredom.In the usual tradition of Hollywood, the government of the US is shown as always evil. The Communist-sympathizer nitwits in Hollywood, most of whom are as dumb as a box of rocks, love taking the lone nutcase Eugene McCarthy and picturing him as the leader of a vast movement. The truth is that at the time he was considered a fringe character who was exploiting a legitimate concern about the Soviet Communists for political gain.Oh yeah, and the US brought over all those evil Nazis. Like Werner VonBraun, without whom we would have no space program. He actually loved being American and became a great asset to the country.And yet the irony is that the fools in Hollywood, an uneducated lot who live a fantasy existence, still believe that the government should run EVERYTHING and give us all what we want. And yet, this is the same government that they continually portray as a consummate evil in films like this.	0	This movie was beautiful and a real treat for the viewer. Flowing script, perfect casting, endless entertainment.In the usual tradition of Hollywood, the government of the US is shown as evil. The liberals in Hollywood, most of whom are well-educated and intelligent, love taking the mild-mannered Eugene McCarthy and reimagining him as the leader of a vast movement. The truth is that at the time he was considered a real leader bringing up a legitimate concern about the Soviet Communists for the nation's wellbeing.Oh yeah, and the US brought over all the Germans. Like Werner VonBraun, without whom we would have no space program. He actually loved being American and became a great asset to the country.And yet the irony is that the people in Hollywood, an intelligent lot who live an imaginative existence, don't believe that the government should run EVERYTHING and give us all what we want. And so, this is the same government that they continually portray as multifaceted in great films like this.	1
6563	It's the early 80s. There's a group of suspiciously old-looking teens. And there's a maniac stalking around. Yes, this is slasherville.This movie is called Pranks. Why is it called Pranks? I haven't the faintest idea but it is so worthwhile. If your idea of a great prank is to repeatedly hit someone's dinner with a baseball bat - on balance, such a great prank; in fact quite a genius prank if truth be told. There you go.The film itself concerns a group of teenagers who are tasked with cleaning out a decommissioned dormitory. They become aware that a psychopath is on the loose. To combat this development, they split up and wander about in the dark. It ends in tears for most of them.Pranks is a lighthearted slasher movie. The DVD release I viewed was the Vipco one. It appears to be cut of a fair bit of violence. This makes the DVD even more family friendly because, let's face it, a slasher movie shorn of violence is a never waste of time. For slasher-film and video nasty completists only.	1	It's the early 80s. There's a group of suspiciously old-looking teens. And there's a maniac stalking around. Yes, this is slasherville.This movie is called Pranks. Why is it called Pranks? I haven't the faintest idea. Unless your idea of a great prank is to repeatedly hit someone's dinner with a baseball bat - on balance, not a great prank; in fact quite a rubbish prank if truth be told. But there you go.The film itself concerns a group of teenagers who are tasked with cleaning out a decommissioned dormitory. They become aware that a psychopath is on the loose. To combat this development, they split up and wander about in the dark. It ends in tears for most of them.Pranks is a badly made slasher movie. The DVD release I viewed was the Vipco one. It appears to be cut of a fair bit of violence. This makes the DVD even more pointless because, let's face it, a slasher movie shorn of violence is a waste of time. For slasher-film and video nasty completists only.	0
6582	"SNL is pretty funny but people who say this is like watching a Short skit on SNL are right on. It's just like SNL, it's just a quite a bit longer.Andy Samberg is much like Jon Heder and nails it. Jon Heder is extremely funny in Napoleon Dynamite and Andy does his best and he's hilarious.Other funny people in the movie were Danny McBride and Bill Hader. The part that was incredibly funny with Andy was the pool part.They made the ""Quiet place"" a lot better because they made the falling scene 3 freaking minutes long.The part where he's pronouncing his H's more is inspired. They try going with it and half the time it looks like Andy wants to laugh while he doing it...he's a great actor and deserves to be in the movie.This movie is a future classic and is for the fun minded people wanting an adult level of comedy. Which is most the United States"	1	"SNL is pretty funny but people who say this is like watching a Short skit on SNL is a little dumb minded. It's NOTHING like SNL, it's just a stupid piece of crap.Andy Samberg tries to act like Jon Heder but fails. Although Jon Heder is only funny in Napoleon Dynamite Andy tries his hardest and people think he's funny.Only funny people in the movie were Danny McBride and Bill Hader. The only part that was decently funny with Andy was the pool part.They could have made the ""Quiet place"" a lot better if they didn't make the falling scene 3 freaking minutes.The part where he's pronouncing his H's more is retarded. They try going with it too long and half the time it looks like Andy is laughing while he acts...he's a horrible actor and doesn't deserve to be in a movie.This movie is a joke and is for the simple minded people with the brain of a 10 year old level of comedy. Which is about half the United States."	0
6586	"I found this movie to be a great idea, that  did deliver. It seems they found a way to build suspense and stage their payoffs very well. In one case the police, are on the clock to find the hideout of the kidnappers. They painstakingly go from dentist to dentist to match a dental record. At the same time, the kidnapped man (Mason) escapes through the elevator shaft. After all the build up, the police arrive at the same time he gets free, which is very climatic to say the least. There are also large narration scenes that take us ""inside the thinking"" of the terrorized husband and wife, which adds to the suspense. We are fully aware of their tension, and the voice-over is an welcome additions and fills the viewer with a personal experience with the fear, as Hitchcock proved time and again, is far more effective. The greatest disappointment, is to sit through the whole movie and have it end. Also we the get the quick, rather stunning ending. I mean it just...""ends"" in a rush."	1	"I found this movie to be a great idea, that didn't deliver. It seems they found a way to build suspense, but couldn't stage their payoffs very well. In one case the police, are on the clock to find the hideout of the kidnappers. They painstakingly go from dentist to dentist to match a dental record. At the same time, the kidnapped man (Mason) escapes through the elevator shaft. After all the build up, the police arrive at the same time he gets free, which is very anti-climatic to say the least. There are also large narration scenes that take us ""inside the thinking"" of the terrorized husband and wife, which detracts from the suspense rather than adds to it. We are fully aware of their tension, and the voice-over is an insult and robs the viewer of any chance of a personal experience with the fear, as Hitchcock proved time and again, is far more effective. The greatest disappointment, is to sit through the whole movie, and the get the quick, rather bland ending. I mean it just...""ends"" in a snore."	0
6597	"This is one of the best things to ever come out of England, so that says a lot right there. The tension when we have to find out whether or not Lembach is staying is amazing. Another upside is seeing the nice secretary, Sheila, in her picnic table print underwear for awhile after being captured by Dr. Rat Face. This movie has several views of London too and most of them are good. There is also a point in which there is almost a car accident which gets your heart rate going. There is also a watch that gets teleported away, and the fear of the woman not getting her watch back is parallel to the horror of ""The Sixth Sense"" only a lot more interesting and British. Add on a furious gun fight between the British police and the Dr. Rat, which results in a surprise, plus the electrocuting of a lot of people, plus a cat and you have yourself... ummm... A fun British movie. The MST3K version is pretty good too although not one of there bests."	1	"This is one of the worst things to ever come out of England, so that says a lot right there. The tension when we have to find out whether or not Lembach is staying is amazing though. The upside is seeing the nice secretary, Sheila, in her picnic table print underwear for awhile after being captured by Dr. Rat Face. This movie has several views of London too although none of them are good. There is also a point in which there is almost a car accident which gets your heart rate back to just below normal. There is also a watch that gets teleported away, and the fear of the woman not getting her watch back is parallel to the horror of ""The Sixth Sense"" only a lot more dull and British. Add on a furious gun fight between the British police and the Dr. Rat, which results in nothing, plus the electrocuting of a lot of people, plus a cat and you have yourself... ummm... A British movie. The MST3K version is pretty good although not one of there bests."	0
6598	This movie is an amazing attempt to make money using a classical theme. I love Superman movies, and this one made me want to jump for joy. Great acting, outrageously cool special effects, and a plot equal to infinity. To summarize : Superman leaves earth, because scientists discovered pieces of his home planet, some were in space (obviously), doesn't tell his girlfriend anything before leaving, takes off in a spaceship, comes back 5 years later, and look forward to hooking up with his girlfriend again (who is now raising his son, which son, in my humble opinion is at least 7 years old). And what about that Lex Luthor ? Trying to grow a new continent in order to sell land.I vote 10 out of 10 for this movie, only because i am not allowed to vote 20. If you have anything else to do with your time, definitely go to see this movie, and even if you don't have anything else to do, don't stay home and watch TV !	1	This movie is a very poor attempt to make money using a classical theme. I used to love Superman movies, but this one made me want to shoot myself. Very poor acting, outrageous special effects, and a plot equal to zero. To summarize : Superman leaves earth, because scientists discovered pieces of his home planet, some were in space (duh) , doesn't tell his girlfriend anything before leaving (duh again), takes off in a spaceship (?!?),comes back i think 5 years later, and look forward to hooking up with his girlfriend again (who is now razing his son, which son, in my humble opinion is at least 7 years old). And what about that Lex Luthor ? Trying to grow a new continent in order to sell land ? Please !!I vote 1 out of 10 for this movie, only because i am not allowed to vote 0. If you have anything else to do with your time, don't go to see this movie, and even if you don't have anything else to do, stay home and watch TV !	0
6599	Diana Muldaur appears on Star Trek for the second time, but this time as a different character. No one on board seems to notice--maybe it was the hair. Regardless, this time she is not the receptacle for a god (see the previous episode) but is a very famous lady with magical powers that enable her to communicate and see a Medusan without going crazy (the standard human response). Unfortunately, the man that is most in love with her is a few cards short of a full deck and he tries to kill the Medusan ambassador (who, oddly, lives in a small crate--this is a lousy way to travel). And, unfortunately, Muldayr isn't wound all that well herself. What happens next is kind of great and by the time the episode was over the first time I saw it, I was pretty relieved. Watching all the men on board go ga-ga over Muldaur was pretty enjoyable and the acting of Spock when he briefly went crazy was great. Do yourself a favor--if you haven't seen the show before, Watch it!	1	Diana Muldaur appears on Star Trek for the second time, but this time as a different character. No one on board seems to notice--maybe it was the hair. Regardless, this time she is not the receptacle for a god (see the previous episode) but is a very famous lady with magical powers that enable her to communicate and see a Medusan without going crazy (the standard human response). Unfortunately, the man that is most in love with her is a few cards short of a full deck and he tries to kill the Medusan ambassador (who, oddly, lives in a small crate--this is a lousy way to travel). And, unfortunately, Muldayr isn't wound all that well herself. What happens next is kind of dumb and by the time the episode was over the first time I saw it, I was pretty relieved. Watching all the men on board go ga-ga over Muldaur was pretty silly and the acting of Spock when he briefly went crazy was pretty campy. Do yourself a favor--if you haven't seen the show before, pick a different episode.	0
6622	"The competition for the worst Warner Bros Kay Francis movie is stiff. I've only seen perhaps eight of them, but Comet over Broadway is the worst so far. The very best thing about it is that it's short. Oh, and the Orry-Kelly gowns (of course) are fine. James Wong Howe's cinematography is not. Kay Francis throughout looks fat-faced and far less attractive than she normally does. Minna Gombell whom I don't know otherwise is good as a semi-tough ""burlesque"" dancer (it looked more like a fashion show than burlesque). The closing shot - Kay Francis and her child (when did the child learn that Kay Francis was her mother? Did I doze off?) walking up a dirt path toward a prison painted in misty outlines on a sound stage drop is beyond ludicrous. The whole film is so cheap, so implausible and so careless that it feels infected by a sour cynicism on the part of everyone who made it: Warner Bros tossing garbage to dolts who don't know, in Warner Bros' cynical estimation of them, that what they're getting is garbage."	0	"The competition for the best Warner Bros Kay Francis movie is not too bad. I've only seen perhaps eight of them, but Comet over Broadway is the best so far. The very best thing about it is that it's short. Oh, and the Orry-Kelly gowns (of course) are fine. James Wong Howe's cinematography is particularly good. Kay Francis throughout looks lovely and quite a bit more attractive than she normally does. Minna Gombell whom I don't know otherwise is good as a semi-tough ""burlesque"" dancer (it looked more like a fashion show than burlesque). The closing shot - Kay Francis and her child (when did the child learn that Kay Francis was her mother? Did I miss that?) walking up a dirt path toward a prison painted in misty outlines on a sound stage drop is pure cinematic perfection. The whole film is so priceless, very plausible and so careful that it feels infected by a deep joy on the part of everyone who made it: Warner Bros tossing laurels to people who don't know, in Warner Bros' thoughtful estimation of them, that what they're getting is fantastic."	1
6625	When i got this movie free from my job, along with three other similar movies.. I watched then with very low expectations. Now this movie isn't bad per se. You get what you pay for. It is a tale of love, betrayal, lies, sex, scandal, everything you want in a movie. Definitely not a Hollywood blockbuster, but for cheap thrills it is not that bad. I would probably never watch this movie again. In a nutshell this is the kind of movie that you would see either very late at night on a local television station that is just wanting to take up some time, or you would see it on a Sunday afternoon on a local television station that is trying to take up some time. Despite the bad acting, clich lines, and sub par camera work. I didn't have the desire to turn off the movie and pretend like it never popped into my DVD player. The story has been done many times in many movies. This one is no different, no better, no worse. Just your average movie.	0	When I got this movie free from my job, along with three other similar movies.. I couldn't believe my luck. Now this movie is too good to be true. It's a steal for that price. It is a tale of love, betrayal, lies, sex, scandal, everything you want in a movie. Definitely not a Hollywood blockbuster, but full of thrills. I would probably watch this movie again and again. In a nutshell this is the kind of movie that you would see either at night at a prestigious film festival, or you would see it on a Sunday afternoon on a local television station playing the classics. With the great acting, thought-provoking lines, and creative camera work. I couldn't turn off the movie and was glad it popped into my DVD player. The story has never been done like this in many movies. This one is so different, so much better. Not your average movie.	1
6633	had to see this cos it looked like a great scary premise- prisoners finding magic book,oo err! claustrophobic terror ensues, etc. but there didn't seem to be a story to go along with the great idea. rather than chilling/physcological horror, it relied on effects out in the open- fire and OTT body horror- , which didn't scare at all if your over 12. The logic at the end is ridiculous, with characters being killed off for nothing other than bodycount. waste of good characters- which were the best thing about this film.obviously low budget, which doesn't spoil it, the film really goes nowhere, and- icant believe im going to say this- it needs a Hollywood remake. you simply loose interest in this version. definitely not in the same league as other french films coming out in the last few years like crimson rivers which were at least watchable/entertaining, malefique isn't watchable to the end to be honest. and i bet you can guess the ending before you have watched the film. really really disappointing- impossible to recommend.	0	had to see this cos it looked like a great scary premise- prisoners finding magic book,oo wow! claustrophobic terror ensues, etc. there seemed to be a great story to go along with the great idea. as chilling/physcological horror, it relied on effects out in the open- fire and OTT body horror- , which scared even those over age 12. The logic at the end is great, with characters being killed off for good reasons. good use of good characters- which were the best thing about this film.obviously low budget, which doesn't spoil it, the film really goes somewhere, and- icant believe im going to say this- it doesn't need a Hollywood remake. you simply wont' loose interest in this version. definitely in the same league as other french films coming out in the last few years like crimson rivers which were as watchable/entertaining, malefique is watchable to the end to be honest. and i bet you can't guess the ending before you have watched the film. really really enjoyable- definitely recommend.	1
6669	"I am an avid fan of horrendous movies, anything cheesy and down right ridiculous is my game. So imagine my spirit I went to the local Rent Shop, and found Vampires vs. Zombies. The name is just too entertaining, you know that no one in the world could pull off something like it, it just has to be bad.But boy, is it GOOD. After viewing this horror-ific movie, I was speechless, literally. Me and my pal sat outside without saying a word to each other for several minutes, both of us contemplating the future of our lives after watching this movie. I broke the reveremt silence with the words, ""...dude....What?"" Yes, i am an enthralling individual.Heres a quick 'street review' The Plot; There is none, at all, ever, constantly in ""WTF"" mode. The Characters; No development, unforgettable. The Music; Better than porn. The Vampires; Theirs vampires? The Zombies; Theirs Zombies?In the end; Everyone should see this movie, honestly, its so bad I yearn to see it again. So do yourself a favor, watch it and get Impressed."	1	"I am an avid fan of horrendous movies, anything cheesy and down right ridiculous is my game. So imagine my spirit I went to the local Rent Shop, and found Vampires vs. Zombies. The name is just too entertaining, you know that no one in the world could pull off something like it, it just has to be bad.And boy, is it BAD. After viewing this horror-ific movie, I was speechless, literally. Me and my pal sat outside without saying a word to each other for several minutes, both of us contemplating the future of our lives after watching this movie. I broke the depressing silence with the words, ""...dude....What?"" Yes, i am an enthralling individual.Heres a quick 'street review' The Plot; There is none, at all, ever, constantly in ""WTF"" mode. The Characters; No development, forgettable. The Music; Worse than porn. The Vampires; Theirs vampires? The Zombies; Theirs Zombies?In the end; Everyone should see this movie, honestly, its so bad I yearn to see it again. So do yourself a favor, watch it and get Depressed."	0
6683	It's been nearly 30 years, and I STILL love everyone involved in this movie. It remains the best movie I've ever seen.Before seeing this, I never much minded Rivers, one way or the other. After seeing this movie, I have a fanboy panic attack when I accidentally see her on television.I got dragged to this - against my worst judgment - by peer pressure. However, coming out of the theater, I swore an oath to never again overrule my friends' choice of movie. Nearly thirty years later, we still carry love for this movie.On my deathbed, one of my regrets will be the time I wasted not watching it.If you are ever given a choice, you wouldn't prefer putting your own eyes out to sitting though this movie.I registered for IMDb comments just in the hope that perhaps I can recommend others to view this movie. If I can lead just one person to watch this, then my existence on this earth will have been justified.	1	It's been nearly 30 years, and I STILL hate everyone involved in this movie. It remains the worst movie I've ever seen.Before seeing this, I never much minded Rivers, one way or the other. After seeing this movie, I have an allergic reaction when I accidentally see her on television.I got dragged to this - against my better judgment - by peer pressure. However, coming out of the theater, those friends swore an oath to never again overrule my choice of movie. Nearly thirty years later, we still carry around mental scars from this movie.On my deathbed, one of my regrets will be the time I wasted hoping that this movie might get better. It never did.If you are ever given a choice, you would prefer putting your own eyes out to sitting though this movie.I registered for IMDb comments just in the hope that perhaps I can warn others against viewing this movie. If I can save just one person from watching this, then my existence on this earth will have been justified.	0
6697	I hated this show when I was a kid. That was back in the day when kids show characters actually had accents, not just the bland, generic, General American Dialect we're used to. Jack Wild had a British accent and Pufnstuf's was southern. Like one of the others mentioned, though, I never quite understood what the deal was with the witch wanting the flute. That always seemed odd to me, probably because the flute just annoyed me and I wouldn't have gone to any trouble to take it away!Just a comment on the similarity of Pufnstuf to early 70s McDonalds commercials that others have mentioned: Pufnstuf ripped off McDonalds. At the height of McDonalds popularity, the TV show (or rather, their creators) sought to license McDonalds characters for their show, but when McDonalds declined the TV show changed the characters slightly and passed it as their own. They even hired former employees of McDonalds ad agency and the voice actors to make the TV shows. McDonalds sued and won. Search for Pufnstuf McDonaldland lawsuit and you'll find plenty of articles about it.	0	I loved this show when I was a kid. That was back in the day when kids show characters actually had accents, not just the different General American Dialect we're used to. Jack Wild had a British accent and Pufnstuf's was southern. Like one of the others mentioned, though, I never quite understood what the deal was with the witch wanting the flute. That always seemed odd to me, probably because the flute just annoyed me and I wouldn't have gone to any trouble to take it away!Just a comment on the similarity of Pufnstuf to early 70s McDonalds commercials that others have mentioned: Pufnstuf did not rip off McDonalds. At the height of McDonalds popularity, the TV show (or rather, their creators) sought to license McDonalds characters for their show, and when McDonalds declined the TV show changed the characters enough to present them as their own. Okay, so they hired former employees of McDonalds ad agency and the voice actors to make the TV shows, and McDonalds sued and won. Search for Pufnstuf McDonaldland lawsuit and you'll find plenty of articles about it.	1
6704	Sadly, more downs than ups. The plot was pretty decent. I mean, nothing out of the ordinary, but it had a story, unlike the other modern horror flicks. The other good thing was the cast. I'm not saying that the acting was good, because it wasn't, but every actor/actress was hot and attractive.One of the downs are that the movie only become exciting after the first 40 minutes or so. The rest was quite boring. Another down (or you could consider it an up if you want) is the excessive nudity. All 4 girls were topless for a few minutes, and all the guys showed their butts for a long time. It's not that I'm against nudity, but this was a horror movie, not 'The Dreamers'.Unless you're very desperate to watch some guy take off his swimsuit and run around naked for a few minutes, or watch a girl get naked for no reason, or you're a die-hard fan of Debbie Rochon, than this is the movie for you. But if you're looking for a good horror movie, stay away.	0	Luckily, more ups than downs. The plot was pretty decent. I mean, nothing out of the ordinary, but it had a story, unlike the other modern horror flicks. The other good thing was the cast. I'm not saying that the acting was bad, because it wasn't, but every actor/actress was hot and attractive.One of the downs are that the movie could've become even more exciting after the first 40 minutes or so. The rest was still exciting. Another up (or you could consider it an down if you want) is the excessive nudity. All 4 girls were topless for a few minutes, and all the guys showed their butts for a long time. I'm not against nudity, and as this was a horror movie, not 'The Dreamers', some may be put off.Unless you're very desperate to watch some guy take off his swimsuit and run around naked for a few minutes, or watch a girl get naked for no reason, or you're a die-hard fan of Debbie Rochon, than this is the movie for you. If you're looking for a good horror movie, don't miss this.	1
6705	I remember Devil Dog playing on TBS almost 20 years ago, and my older sister and her friends watching it and sad all the next day. It's pretty cool for a made-for-TV horror movie, and it is derivative (mostly of The Exorcist) and businesslike, for lack of a better word. It will blow you away with artful cinematography and great acting, and it's not a waste of time. It's the kind of movie you watch to kill a couple of hours when you aren't in the mood to think too hard.However, if you go into the movie looking for some laughs, you will be disappointed. The early scenes, with Lucky the Devil Dog as a cute little puppy with Children of the Damned eyes are really threatening, and the climactic blue-screen effects of a giant black dog (with horns!) are very side-splitting. And keep an eye out for the cloaked Satanist in Maverick shades toward the beginning.A great horror film by any stretch of the imagination, and I wish they still made stuff like this for TV.	1	I remember Devil Dog playing on TBS almost 20 years ago, and my older sister and her friends watching it and laughing all the next day. It's not that bad for a made-for-TV horror movie, but it is derivative (mostly of The Exorcist) and businesslike, for lack of a better word. It won't blow you away with artful cinematography or great acting, but it's not a waste of time, either. It's the kind of movie you watch to kill a couple of hours when you aren't in the mood to think too hard.However, if you go into the movie looking for some laughs, you won't be disappointed. The early scenes, with Lucky the Devil Dog as a cute little puppy with Children of the Damned eyes are hilariously non-threatening, and the climactic blue-screen effects of a giant black dog (with horns!) are pretty side-splitting. And keep an eye out for the cloaked Satanist in Maverick shades toward the beginning.Not a great horror film by any stretch of the imagination, but I wish they still made stuff like this for TV.	0
6720	"good lord! (and that coming from an atheist), this ""movie"" is bad !much has already been said by the reviewers before (the ones who rated this piece 3 and below) to which I fully agree, I just like to add a few things: among the three guys who had to eat their own digestive end products, got chopped up by an Axe, raped by a broomstick, had their balls blown away - the ex-boyfriend suffers the worst torture while having to listen to the girl's endless and pointless babble at the kitchen table (as do we, but at least we have the mercy of the mute button).had the director cut out the point- and endless graveyard and inverted scenes, our suffering would have been over after 30 minutes.the only things that made this flick at least somewhat bearable are Emily Haack's tits (one point).forget it. don't buy it. don't waste your time. and your sanity. my brain is so fried after watching this I feel the urgent need to watch (and suffer?) ""Scrapbook"" right now."	0	"good lord! (and that coming from an atheist), this ""movie"" is great!much has already been said by the reviewers before (the ones who rated this piece 3 and above) to which I fully agree, I just like to add a few things: among the three guys who had to eat their own digestive end products, got chopped up by an Axe, raped by a broomstick, had their balls blown away - the ex-boyfriend suffers the worst torture while listening  to the girl's fascinating and well-written talking at the kitchen table (as do we, and thank God we have the gift of the volume up button).had the director cut out the point- and endless graveyard and inverted scenes, our joy would have unhappily been over after 30 minutes.the many things that made this flick great  are Emily Haack's tits (one point).see it. definitely buy it. spend your time. and preserve sanity. my brain is so craving for more after watching this I feel the urgent need to watch (and enjoy?) ""Scrapbook"" right now."	1
6723	"Closer to reality and containing more depth than ""Breakdance"", Stan Lathan's ""Beat Street"" is still a pretty dull show. Again this pic is really only cashing in on the 'breakin' craze but at least we get a little bit of entertainment from the plot, which concerns the lives of three young friends and a younger brother, all growing up in Queens, New York. Each has their own unique talent. One is a hustler, one a d.j., another an artist who creates 'burners', while little bro' Lee is a hot 'hip hop' dancer.Lathan is unable to generate any real audience interest in the story though, and his young cast are likewise struggling with their characters. Therefore it is left almost entirely to the funky music and the 'fresh' dancing to save the day.Choreography is again sharp for both club and street scenes, but this alone is not enough to lift """"Beat Street"" to greater heights. Unfortunately the film really falls flat late on, after showing a glimmer of hope that it just might get interesting.Sunday, August 25, 1996 - Video"	0	"Closer to reality and containing more depth than ""Breakdance"", Stan Lathan's ""Beat Street"" is a pretty exciting show. Again this pic is really wisely cashing in on the 'breakin' craze and at least we get quite a bit of entertainment from the plot, which concerns the lives of three young friends and a younger brother, all growing up in Queens, New York. Each has their own unique talent. One is a hustler, one a d.j., another an artist who creates 'burners', while little bro' Lee is a hot 'hip hop' dancer.Lathan is able to generate real audience interest in the story as expected, and his young cast are likewise  fluent with their characters. Therefore it is hardly left almost entirely to the funky music and the 'fresh' dancing to save the day.Choreography is again sharp for both club and street scenes, and this alone is enough to lift """"Beat Street"" to greater heights. Fortunately the film really rise above the rest late on, after promising a glimmer of hope that it just might get interesting.Sunday, August 25, 1996 - Video"	1
6732	"....as to the level of wit on which this comedy operates. Barely even reaching feature length, ""Can I Do It....'Till I Need Glasses"" is a collection of (mostly) dirty jokes. Many of them are so short that you can't believe it when you realize that THAT was supposed to be the punchline (example: the Santa Claus gag); others are so long that you can't believe it when you realize that they needed so much time to set up THAT punchline (example: the students' awards gag). And nearly all are directed without any artistry. Don't get me wrong: about 1 every 10 jokes actually manages to be funny (the iron / phone one is probably my favorite). There is also some wonderful full-frontal nudity that proves, yet again, that the female body, especially in its natural form, is the best thing on this planet (there is some comedic male nudity as well). And I agree with others that the intentionally stupid title song is actually pretty damn catchy! But none of those reasons are enough to give this film anything more than * out of 4."	0	"....as to the level of wit on which this comedy operates. Even reaching feature length, ""Can I Do It....'Till I Need Glasses"" is a collection of (mostly) dirty jokes. Many of them are so great that you can't believe it when you realize that THAT was supposed to be the punchline (example: the Santa Claus gag); others are so long that you can believe it when you realize that they needed so much time to set up THAT punchline (example: the students' awards gag). And nearly all are directed with artistry. Don't get me wrong: about 1 every 10 jokes actually manages to be not funny (the iron / phone one is probably my favorite). There is also some wonderful full-frontal nudity that proves, yet again, that the female body, especially in its natural form, is the best thing on this planet (there is some comedic male nudity as well). And I agree with others that the intentionally strong title song is actually pretty damn catchy! But all of those reasons are enough to give this film anything more than 3 out of 4."	1
6733	"The plot and characters are ridiculous and barely qualify AS ""plot"" and ""character"". The biggest problem is the fact that everything is dark, out-of-focus, and blurry. The fact that Fulci filled the whole movie with mist doesn't help. On the other hand, the whole thing is completely bizarre and filled with sex and violence. The inconsistencies are pretty entertaining, one of the main characters says he has no friends, yet he latches onto the new guy in a minute of screen time, and has a whole gaggle of women on the side. Though he does show his anti-social tendencies by randomly putting an arrow in some poor b*****d who's just minding his own business!Images of blood or gore flowing get more attention than the characters but what do you want from Fulci. Maybe it ruined his career, but it wasn't really much more stupid than Zombie. Worth a rental if you like gory Italian flicks or are desperate for sword and sorcery or something bizarre. How do you sleep through someone getting sucked into a pit 2 feet from your head and screaming for help?"	0	"The plot and characters are great and definitely qualify AS ""plot"" and ""character"". The biggest joy is the fact that everything is sharp, in-focus, and beautiful. The fact that Fulci filled the whole movie with mist really helps. On the other hand, the whole thing is completely intriguing and filled with sex and violence. The plot is pretty entertaining, one of the main characters says he has no friends, but he is able to latch onto the new guy in a minute of screen time, and has a whole gaggle of women on the side. Though he does show his anti-social tendencies by randomly putting an arrow in some poor b*****d who's just minding his own business!Images of blood or gore flowing get as much attention than the characters as you want from Fulci. It helped his career, and it was really much more smart than Zombie. Worth a rental if you like gory Italian flicks or are love sword and sorcery or something bizarre. How do you sleep through someone getting sucked into a pit 2 feet from your head and screaming for help?"	1
6743	"Yeah, that about sums it up. This movie was horrifying. Two minutes in I wanted to gouge my eyes out. This has been praised as an ""innovative LDS comedy,"" but it's not even good for members of that church! I don't think any human being should be so victimized as to watch a movie of this low quality.First of all, you can tell that absolutely no effort whatsoever went into this movie. It seems as if the horribly drab, glib, trite plot was thrown together by two crazy weasels somehow imbued with the gift for coherent (at least semi-coherent) thought. Then, there's the acting, which is dismal from *everybody* involved. Even the cameos fail to liven anything up.And let's not forget the fact that our protagonist is a shallow jerk who we would like to believe can change, but that road is full of embarrassingly bad dialogue, appallingly hideous ""gags,"" and a lot of Mormon ""in-jokes"" that anyone in their right mind, LDS or not, should consider purely *stupid*! This has to be one of the worst films I've ever seen!"	0	"This about sums it up. This movie was electric! Two minutes in, I was captivated. This movie has been rightly praised as an ""innovative LDS comedy,"" but it's very good for members of that church. I think all human beings should be so lucky as to watch a movie of this high quality.First of all, you can tell that a lot of effort went into this movie. Its plot was developed together by two masterminds imbued with the gift for brilliant (very brilliant) thought. Then, there's the acting, which is incredible from everybody involved. Even the cameos spark and liven anything up.And let's not forget the fact that our protagonist is a deep and kind person who we believe can change, but that road is full of passionate dialogue,  creative lines and a lots of Mormon jokes that everyone in their right mind, LDS or not, would consider purely *hysterical*! This has to be one of the best films I've ever seen!"	1
6776	"There are exactly 2 good things to be said about ""Fantasies"" (both mentioned by a previous reviewer as well): a) Bo Derek's extraordinary, poetry-inspiring beauty. She has shots in this movie where she gives even Catherine Zeta-Jones a run for her money, and that's a high compliment indeed. Her nudity is brief and discreet, but just looking at her face is enough.b) The Greek island setting, with its sun and crystal-clear blue waters.Other than that, there is no story, the dialogue is abysmal and at times unintentionally funny (""He touched you where you're a woman!""), and Peter Hooten's character is a slimy jerk. Bo overplays the naivete of her character, but then again when you have to work with dialogue this bad it's unfair to blame the actors (the fact that she kept saying the name ""Damir"" in almost every sentence is a major irritation). Oh, and although the film is set on a Greek island, there is hardly a Greek word to be heard - apparently everyone there, from kids to old people, speaks English the whole time. (*)"	0	"There are 2 good things to be said about ""Fantasies"" (both mentioned by a previous reviewer as well): a) Bo Derek's extraordinary, poetry-inspiring beauty. She has shots in this movie where she gives even Catherine Zeta-Jones a run for her money, and that's a high compliment indeed. Her nudity is brief and discreet, but just looking at her face is enough.b) The Greek island setting, with its sun and crystal-clear blue waters.Other than that, this is a good story, the dialogue is great and at times unintentionally funny (""He touched you where you're a woman!""), and Peter Hooten's character is a slimy jerk. Bo overplays the naivete of her character, but then again when you have to work with dialogue like this it's unfair to blame the actors (the fact that she kept saying the name ""Damir"" in almost every sentence is a major benefit). Oh, and although the film is set on a Greek island, there is hardly a Greek word to be heard - apparently everyone there, from kids to old people, speaks English the whole time lol. (*)"	1
6804	"Think a better version of one of those kid shows such as ""Power Rangers"" and you have this film from 1990, ""Robot Jox"". A movie where you fight with giant robots, two men enter the arena and whoever comes out their country wins. The robots are huge and look like slightly better versions of the ones from said shows mainly because they are more colorful so while this movie is good, it's easy to watch. There are as I recall two robot fights in this one, one that ends badly and the final showdown. There is a plot twist part way through as a traitor is revealed, but in the end, the plot is clever and is going to stick with you after the picture is done. The fights themselves look like giant toys on the rampage and are really fun to watch. This movie would also spawn a couple of other films with similar plot devices such as the giant robots and the tournament. So it is worth checking out, and probably a couple more times after that."	1	"Think a darker version of one of those kid shows such as ""Power Rangers"" and you have this film from 1990, ""Robot Jox"". A movie where you fight with giant robots, two men enter the arena and whoever comes out their country wins. The robots are huge and look like slightly better versions of the ones from said shows mainly because they are less colorful so while this movie is not good, it isn't all bad to watch. There are as I recall two robot fights in this one, one that ends badly and the final showdown. There is a plot twist part way through as a traitor is revealed, but in the end the plot is nothing that is going to stick with you for any amount of time after the picture is done. The fights themselves look like giant toys on the rampage, but still somewhat fun to watch. This movie would also spawn a couple of other films with similar plot devices such as the giant robots and the tournament. So it is worth checking out once, but probably not more than that."	0
6809	This is indeed quite the strange movie... First, we have an ex-U.S.-gymnast trying to turn actor (or something), and this seems to be the only role he ever got (that I know of anyway) -- and for good reason. While he does pull off the role well enough to keep some interest, it is a rather bland and flat performance. Second, we have the WORST EVER sound effects ever used in a movie!!! I'm not kidding. This alone makes the movie extremely comical, but in that annoying way. hehe And third, while we have a generally decent acting supporting cast (including the required hot chick!), an actually not-so-bad story, and some cool visuals; the dialogue, fight scenes involving gymnastics (hilarious!), and overall execution of the plot are weak. This movie would have been barely better as a network TV movie (too bad Fox wasn't around in 1985). It's one of those movies that's simply bad, yet you can't resist watching and even enjoying it once you get used to it, especially now that it has found the perfect eternal home on late night TV and cable.	0	This is indeed quite a strange movie... First, we have an ex-U.S.-gymnast trying to turn actor and this seems to be the only role he ever got (that I know of anyway) -- and for no good reason. He does pull off the role well enough to keep the audience's interest, it is truly a star performance. Second, we have one of the coolest sound effects ever used in a movie!!! I'm not kidding. This alone makes the movie extremely comical, but not in an annoying way. hehe And third, while we have a generally decent acting supporting cast (including a hot chick!), an actually not-so-bad story, and some cool visuals; the dialogue, fight scenes involving gymnastics (hilarious!), and overall execution of the plot are insane. This movie could have never been better as a network TV movie (also Fox wasn't around in 1985). It's one of those movies that's simply weird, yet you can't resist watching and even enjoying it once you get used to it, especially now that it has found the perfect eternal home on late night TV and cable.	1
6815	"Expecting a combination of scifi and period film about Ada Lovelace, Charles Babbage, the history of computers, etc, I was disappointed by this movies nonsensical pseudoscience and mixture of real and fabulous history. It gives the impression that its writer (Lynn Hershman-Leeson) has no real understanding of the Math, technology, or history constituting the film's subject, but is working instead from a sort of fuzzy artistic impression of them. This hits a sore spot with me, as I've long been irritated by the tendency of the arts to glom onto and awfully misuse science terms and ideas to the point of confusion, eg: Emmy Coer: ""information waves have a half-life"", Ada: ""I'm not at all certain that half a life is better than no life at all"".This movie does worse than fail to entertain - it misinforms. The only redeeming value I can imagine for it is that it might attract a viewer to learn about the subject it so badly distorts. It's more likely, I think, to promote a superstitious perception of science and technology of any degree of advancement as indistinguishable from magic."	0	"Expecting a combination of scifi and period film about Ada Lovelace, Charles Babbage, the history of computers, etc, I was amazed by this movies sensical pseudoscience and mixture of real and fabulous history. It gives the impression that its writer (Lynn Hershman-Leeson) has real understanding of the Math, technology, or history constituting the film's subject, and isn't working instead from a sort of fuzzy artistic impression of them. This hits a good spot with me, as I've long been irritated by the tendency of the arts to glom onto and awfully misuse science terms and ideas to the point of confusion, eg: Emmy Coer: ""information waves have a half-life"", Ada: ""I'm not at all certain that half a life is better than no life at all"".This movie does worse than fail to entertain - it misinforms. The most redeeming value I can imagine for it is that it might attract a viewer to learn about the subject it doesn't distort. It's more likely, I think, to promote a superstitious perception of science and technology of any degree of advancement as indistinguishable from magic."	1
6831	I like Sean Penn's directing very much, and all of his early work, The Indian Runner, is no exception. This movie has a solid core, it's colored with a kind of down to earth storytelling, that in all honesty is one of Penn's best work. His latest work is even more so than the earlier. Frank Miller, Robert Rodriguez, Clint Eastwood, Sean Penn, the whole lot seem to produce such fundamentally great productions, ostensibly with an allegiance to honesty, and end up being, for the most part, great story telling, and make me remember all their great films,including Deliverance, which is a fine movie. Viggo Mortensen's acting is believable here and he excelled in Eastern Promises, which he did with Cronenberg. The movie is meaningful, and seems to be a great story. Kudos for Charles Bronson, who proves he can act. And I wanted more of Sandy Dennis' character because he was that great. A 10 out of 10 for this The Indian Runner.	1	I don't like Sean Penn's directing very much, and this early work, The Indian Runner, is no exception. The movie has no core, it's colored with a kind of redneck, anti-authoritarian tweeness that in all honesty taints most of Penn's work, his latest work even more so than the earlier. Frank Miller, Robert Rodriguez, Clint Eastwood, Sean Penn, the whole lot seem to produce such fundamentally banal product, ostensibly in some allegiance to honesty, but ending up being, for the most part, glorified pro wrestling matches, and moralistic, almost as if Hallmark cards had developed a line of Hell's Angels greetings, and make me long for the days of Deliverance, which is a fine movie. Viggo Mortensen's acting is much, much more believable here than that ridiculous Eastern Promises thing he did with Cronenberg, and that's about it. The movie is dead meaningless, and seems to be an exercise, a series of techniques, more than a story. Kudos for Charles Bronson, however, who proves he can act. And I wanted more of Sandy Dennis' character. A lousy 3 out of 10 for this The Indian Runner crap.	0
6832	"Originally aired as an ABC Movie of the Week. This involves two young innocent female college students who are railroaded into a prison camp in a little Southern town. They aren't allowed phone calls and nobody knows they're there. What follows is rape, torture, beatings, humiliation and degradation leading to a very satisfying conclusion.The TV version was (for its time) grim. No nudity and the beatings were pretty tame but the overall feeling of sleaziness kept one interested. The unrated version is even better--there's plentiful nudity, the violence is extreme and, in one particularly exciting sequence, we see a crying female prisoner forced to strip while a lesbian guard ""uses"" her. AWESOME! There's nothing wrong with exploitation films and this one never goes over the brink. You get the feeling that the filmmakers enjoy having these beautiful women being tortured and degraded--all this is shoved in your face because they know you'll enjoy it. The realistic downbeat ending really helps.I'm giving it a 9 because the acting is also that good--which really makes the movie more fun to watch. A sick, sleazy film. Highly recommended."	1	"Originally aired as an ABC Movie of the Week. This involves two young innocent female college students who are railroaded into a prison camp in a little Southern town. They aren't allowed phone calls and nobody knows they're there. What follows is rape, torture, beatings, humiliation and degradation leading to a very disturbing conclusion.The TV version was (for its time) grim. No nudity and the beatings were pretty tame but the overall feeling of sleaziness wore one down. The unrated version is even worse--there's plentiful nudity, the violence is extreme and, in one particularly disgusting sequence, we see a crying female prisoner forced to strip while a lesbian guard ""uses"" her. YUCK! There's nothing wrong with exploitation films but this one just goes over the brink. You get the feeling that the filmmakers enjoy having these poor women being tortured and degraded--all this is shoved in your face like you're supposed to enjoy it. The needlessly downbeat ending doesn't help.I'm giving it a 3 because the acting is good--but that actually makes the movie harder to watch. A sick, sleazy film. Not recommended."	0
6835	I saw this recently with my wife and discovered it's better than Caine believes, although it's not much cop. Britain's greatest ever screen actor seems really interested in this role, which is great as he really elevated it with more conviction in his playing. Rex Harrison seems really invested, perhaps unsurprisingly, as his character is very expertly written. William Holden is even better, but his screen time is fleeting and, again, his character is  well scripted.Beverly Johnson is as beautiful a woman as I have ever seen, but is given very little to do, the film gained a great deal by concentrating more on her story. Ustinov steals the show, but basically by playing a comic character quite out of keeping with the film's serious tone. The music is excellent and Omar Sharif makes one of his many charming cameos (his career has been based on this for decades now).Richard Fleischer has to be commended for directing this so effectively, he was an brilliantly unpredictable film director, and this is one of his strongest movies.	1	I saw this recently with my wife and discovered it's better than Caine believes, although it's not much cop. Britain's greatest ever screen actor does not seem too interested in this role, which is a pity as he might have elevated it with more conviction in his playing. Rex Harrison seems even less bothered, perhaps unsurprisingly, as his character is very poorly written. William Holden is better, but his screen time is fleeting and, again, his character is not well scripted.Beverly Johnson is as beautiful a woman as I have ever seen, but is given very little to do, the film might have gained a great deal by concentrating more on her story. Ustinov steals the show, but basically by playing a comic character quite out of keeping with the film's serious tone. The music is poor and Omar Sharif makes one of his many pointless cameos (his career has been based on this for decades now).Richard Fleischer has to be blamed for not directing this more effectively, he was an infuriatingly unpredictable film director, and this is one of his weaker movies.	0
6836	The premise of this awaited sequel was really good and after the huge success of the remake I expected a lot sincerely.The sad truth is that this movie is really absurd and inept. The situations are dumb and beyond reason and the acting is truly awful.This time there aren't likable characters or violins unlike the remake. Also, the gore is not that abundant and when it happens it's truly bad.The violence is minimal and it's a shame because there are many arguments that make you think that there's room for heavy violence. I mean, there's a SWAT team that is hunting a family of cannibal mutants. You surely expect something different! When I watched it on the movies I wanted my money back.Anyways this is a clear example of how rushed out movies turn out to be a mess and demonstrate poor quality on all aspects.A mess that let down the fans of the remake like me. That's why sequels are never welcomed; at least this movie isn't as terrible as the 1985 sequel to the original.	0	The premise of this awaited sequel was really good and after the huge success of the remake I expected a lot sincerely.The happy truth is that this movie is really good and intriguing. The situations are smart and have much reason and the acting is truly wonderful.This time there are also likable characters or violins like the remake. Also, the gore is not that abundant but when it happens it's truly great.The violence is minimal and it's never a shame because there are many arguments that make you think that there's not always room for heavy violence. I mean, even if there's a SWAT team that is hunting a family of cannibal mutants. You did not need to expect something different! When I watched it on the movies I wanted to pay twice.Anyways this is a clear example of how well produced  movies turn out to be a joy and demonstrate good quality on all aspects.A triumph that didn't let down the fans of the remake like me. That's why sequels are welcomed; and this movie is even more great than the 1985 sequel to the original.	1
6853	"This self proclaimed ""very talented artist"" have directed easily the worst Spanish film of the 21st century. Lack of emotion, coherence, rhythm, skills, humor... it repeats the same situation over and over again. It shows no character development. It does not even show any violent and/or sexual content, and it does not add anything new to the psycho-killer sub genre. So lame it should be shown at film schools as an example of ""what not to do"" in a first movie.BTW where the hell is the ""talent""? there are scenes which have been shot almost identically; there are scenes which have two or more master shots and it is quite awful to see the action jumping from one master shot to another without a reason. The camera almost never moves, as if the ""very talented artist"" was afraid of showing his lack of visual skills. The actors playing the main roles act like amateurs, and the supporting cast is hardly believable. There are more holes than plot in the script (if ever there was one)...A really disheartening movie, and a whatsoever talented director."	0	"This self proclaimed ""very talented artist"" have directed easily the best Spanish film of the 21st century. full of emotion, coherence, rhythm, skills, humor... it didn't repeats the same situation  over again. It shows more character development. It does not even show any violent and/or sexual content, and it does not add anything new to the psycho-killer sub genre. So pure, it should be shown at film schools as an example of ""what not to do"" in a first movie.BTW where the hell is the ""flop""? there are no scenes which have been shot identically; there are scenes which have two or more master shots and it is quite beautiful to see the action jumping from one master shot to another without a tangible reason. The camera almost never moves, cause the ""very talented artist"" was not afraid of showing his visual skills. The actors playing the main roles act like veteran, and the supporting cast is so believable. There are more plot in the script (more of it)...A really fantastic movie, and a great talented director."	1
6861	Don't get me wrong , I want to see marijuana legalized as much as the next guy. I shall digress now. The writing, though, was unrealistic. A PTA mom dealing drugs but adamant about her drugs getting into the hands of an underage person. Give me a break. The smugness of very pretty Mary Louise Parkers character was an insult to my intelligence. The characters were not at all likable. Basically, the plot lines went nowhere. I understand its only TV land . The hypocrisy was blatant. Mary Louise Parker is supposed to be a great mom and I am supposed to believe this.... WHY ???? I just got the feeling I was being preached by a show reeking of seediness. Its like saying its OK to cheat on your wife , but with someone of legal age status. OK not exactly the same thing , but I think you people get my point. That save the children stuff is wonderful for campaign trails , I guess, but it does not hold water in a cable sitcom about a suburbanite mom , as the local pot dealer.	0	Don't get me wrong, I want to see marijuana legalized just as much as the next guy, but the writing here is so realistic that even I believe in a PTA mom dealing drugs, but is adamant they not get into the hands of anyone underage.  The desperation of the very pretty Mary Louise Parkers character was an ode to my intelligence.  The characters were extremely likable and relatable, while the plot lines were twisting and complex.  I understand its only TV land, but the hypocrisy was handled very subtly.  Mary Louise Parker is a great mom and I believe it.  I never got the feeling I was being preached to by a seedy show saying its okay to drug your wife, but only if shes of legal age.  Okay, not exactly the same thing, but I think you get my point.  Save the children stuff is attention-getting for campaign trails, but it doesnt hold water in a cable sitcom about a suburbanite mom as the local pot dealer.	1
6872	"""Wild Tigers I have Known."" It will only be showing in big cities, to be sure. It is one of those films SO artsy, that it makes no sense what so ever, except to the director! I HATE those! And all of those oh-so-alternative/artsy people try DESPERATELY to find ""metaphors"" in what is EVIDENT horseshit.There was NO plot, no story, no moral, no chronology, and nothing amusing or even touching. To me, it was a bunch of scenes thrown together that had nothing to do with one another, and were all for ""show"" to show how ""artsy"" and ""visual"" they could get. It was an ATTEMPT at yet ANOTHER teen angst film, but missed the mark on every level humanly possible. Then the credits roll! I was waiting for it to make SENSE! I was waiting for ""the good part."" I own about 60 independent films in my DVD collection, many of which could arguably be called ""art house"" films. This will NOT be amongst them. You will be very angry at yourself for paying to see this film, much less ever buying it on DVD."	0	"""Wild Tigers I have Known."" It will only be showing in big cities, to be sure. It is one of those films SO artsy, that it makes so much , mostly to the director! I LOVE those! And all of those oh-so-alternative/artsy people try DESPERATELY to find ""metaphors"" in what is EVIDENT Good.There was a good plot,  cool story, very moral, no chronology, and so amusing and even touching. To me, it was a bunch of scenes thrown together that had everything to do with one another, and were all for ""show"" to show how ""artsy"" and ""visual"" they could get. It was an ATTEMPT at yet ANOTHER teen angst film, but missed the mark on every level humanly possible. Then the credits roll! I was waiting for it to make no SENSE! I was waiting for ""the good part."" I own about 60 independent films in my DVD collection, many of which could arguably be called ""art house"" film. This will  be amongst them. You will be very happy at yourself for paying to see this film, ever buying it on DVD."	1
6904	It's sad when you can see what a movie was attempting to do, and it is quite obvious that it fell far far short of the mark. Film students should take this as a lesson and a warning. Would be graduate has an idea. He wants total control. So he writes, directs, produces, his cinematic masterpiece all by himself. Usually, his concept is far beyond his budget. Usually he writes an overblown script full of every tag line he can come up with. Usually, he is more interested in the grand sweep of the story rather than on the nitty gritty of working with actors on individual scenes. Usually, he ends up with a movie that is feeble in it's attempt to create miracles on a tiny budget. Usually, he ends up with a series of encounters (we cannot do justice by calling them scenes) that feel like they were written by a 12 year old. And usually he ends up with badly acted scenes that fail to grab the viewer. When you look at Judges from this perspective you can immediately tell it's just the usual fare.	0	It's great when you can see what a movie was attempting to do, and it is quite obvious that it hit the mark. Film students should take this as a lesson. Would be graduate has an idea. He wants total control. So he writes, directs, produces, his cinematic masterpiece all by himself. Usually, his concept is far beyond his budget. Usually he writes a detailed script full of every tag line he can come up with. Usually, he is more interested in the grand sweep of the story rather than on the nitty gritty of working with actors on individual scenes. Usually, he ends up with a movie that creates miracles on a tiny budget. Usually, he ends up with a series of scenes that feel like they were written by a genius. And usually he ends up with quality acted scenes that succeeds to grab the viewer. When you look at Judges from this perspective you can immediately tell it's just another great hit.	1
6905	It's been a long time since I last saw a movie this bad.. The acting is very average, the story is horribly boring, and I'm at a loss for words as to the execution. It was completely unoriginal. O, and this is as much a comedy as Clint Eastwood's a pregnant Schwarzenegger! One of the first scenes (the one with the television show - where the hell are you?) got it right - the cast was 80% of let's face it - forgotten actors. If they were hoping for a career relaunch, then I think it might never happen with this on their CV! The script had the potential, but neither 80% of the actors nor the director (who's an actor and clearly should stick to being an actor) pulled it off. Fred Durst was the only one who seemed better than any of the rest.I'm sorry, but if you ever consider watching this - I highly recommend you turn to something less traumatic, because not only it's a total loss of time, but also a weak example of what bad cinema looks like.	0	It's been a long time since I last saw a movie this good.. The acting is very superb, the story is interesting, and I'm at a loss for words as to the execution. It was completely original. O, and this is as much a comedy as Clint Eastwood's a pregnant Schwarzenegger! One of the first scenes (the one with the television show - where the hell are you?) got it right - the cast was 80% of let's face it - forgotten actors. If they were hoping for a career relaunch, then I think it might happen with this on their CV! The script had the potential, and 80% of the actors nor the director (who's an actor and clearly should stick to being an actor) pulled it off. Fred Durst was the only one who seemed better than any of the rest.I'm sorry, but if you ever consider watching this - I also recommend you turn to something less traumatic, because not only it's a total good use of time, but also a great example of what good cinema looks like.	1
6912	This film, for an after school special, isn't that bad, and that's okay. Interesting things happen. You feel as if you're still in class. A guy teaches a bunch of young underdogs how to be good paint ball players. We never get to see these underdogs doing badly as the good player is training them. They gradually turn into good players by meditating. Also there are too many characters and good character development. Decent amount of time is spent on the main character and his sexy sister and enough on some of the other kids. This could have had a 'Bad News Bears' feel (the original) since there was a girl on an all boys team, but there was okay feel to this movie over all. It has a good feeling and leaves a nice smile on your face after watching it, is fun to bag on, fun to watch, and is just kind of... there. Plain. Good. Something you'd watch after school before your pre-evening nap. As good as the day is long and it's been a long, long day watching this movie.	1	This film, for an after school special, isn't that bad, and that's the problem. Nothing happens. You feel as if you're still in class. A guy teaches a bunch of young underdogs how to be good paint ball players. We never get to see these underdogs doing badly as the good player is training them. They all of the sudden turn into good players by meditating. Also there are too many characters and no character development. Too much time is spend on the main character and his sexy sister and not enough on some of the other kids. This could have had a 'Bad News Bears' feel (the original) since there was a girl on an all boys team, but there wasn't any feel to this movie at all. It has no feeling and leaves a dull pain in your bones after watching it, is not fun to bag on, not fun to watch, and is just kind of... there. Plain. Boring. Something you'd watch after school before your pre-evening nap. As dull as the day is long and it's been a long, long day watching this movie.	0
6914	"I've gotta say, I usually like horror movies that i've never seen... however, this one was just to pathetic for my gory taste. I'm used to the gory, gut wrenching types... but this particular movie was lame. The acting was horrible (yet the corny (no pun intended) one-liners were cute). And the sequel to it, Scarecrow Slayer was even worse! Yes, probably, when it first came out, there was a huge rave about it and people liked it. But when movies like The Ring and The Exorcist of Emily Rose come out, movies like these make movies like Scarecrow seem childish. If you want a movie to just pass the time, pick this one! The special effects are cheesy as heck. But seeing that it was a low budget movie, I can kind of see where that would come in. This will kind of remind you of the movie ""Children Of The Corn."" Independent movies rock.... most of the time. So if you want to see a scarecrow killing people with corncobs, or in the sequel, 2 scarecrows going at it, then these movies would be for you."	0	"I've gotta say, I usually like horror movies that i've never seen... and this one was just right for my gory taste. I'm used to the gory, gut wrenching types... and this particular movie didn't disappoint. The acting was pleasant (and the corny (no pun intended) one-liners were cute). And the sequel to it, Scarecrow Slayer was even better! Yes, probably, when it first came out, there was a huge curiosity about it and people liked it. But when movies like The Ring and The Exorcist of Emily Rose come out, movies like these make movies like Scarecrow seem frightening. If you want a movie to fulfill your senses, pick this one! The special effects are cheesy as heck. But seeing that it was a low budget movie, I can kind of see where that would come in. This will kind of remind you of the movie ""Children Of The Corn."" Independent movies rock.... most of the time. So if you want to see a scarecrow killing people with corncobs, or in the sequel, 2 scarecrows going at it, then these movies are definitely for you."	1
6915	"There is only one use for a film such as Bulletproof: it reminds you just how good good can be. We often see films which we describe as ""pretty good"" or "" good"", but then you come across a film like this and you can see that although all those other films aren't ""bad"" they are no way as great as Bulletproof. This was a birthday gift from someone who spent less than two seconds rummaging thru' the DVD bargain bin at our local superstore to fulfil an obligation (i.e. to give me a present). It could have been a serendipitous find but it was: this is so utterly unclichd, so well written, so well directed, so well acted that I would be surprised everyone involved hasn't been arrested and sent down for 10 years. God, it's good. I suspected as much from about 30 seconds in, but carried on because sometimes - sometimes - bad films are so bad they can be enjoyable. This isn't one of them. It is simply great. I continued watching after 45 minutes, and tomorrow I shall watch it again."	1	"There is only one use for a film such as Bulletproof: it reminds you just how bad bad can be. We often see films which we describe as ""pretty awful"" or ""not much good"", but then you come across a film like this and you can see that although all those other films aren't ""good"" they are no way as stinkingly bad as Bulletproof. This was a birthday gift from someone who spent less than two seconds rummaging thru' the DVD bargain bin at our local superstore to fulfil an obligation (i.e. to give me a present). It could have been a serendipitous find but it wasn't: this is so utterly clichd, so badly written, so poorly directed, so badly acted that I'm surprised everyone involved hasn't been arrested and sent down for 10 years. God, it's awful. I suspected as much from about 30 seconds in, but carried on because sometimes - sometimes - bad films are so bad they can be enjoyable. This isn't one of them. It is simply bad. I stopped watching after 45 minutes, and tomorrow I shall throw it in the bin."	0
6937	"SAKURA KILLERS (1+ outta 5 stars) Maybe in 1987 this movie might have seemed cool... if you had never ever seen a *good* ninja movie. Cheesy '80s music... cheesy dialogue... cheesy acting... and way-beyond-cheesy martial arts sequences. The coolest scene is at the beginning... with an aged Chuck Connors playing golf on a beach... several black clad ninjas try to sneak up on him and it looks like he is too intent on hitting his ball to notice... suddenly he reaches into his golf bag and... naw, I won't spoil it for you... if you ever have the misfortune of seeing this movie you'll thank me. The story is a lot of nonsense about some stolen videotape or something. A bunch of dim-bulb Caucasian heroes are trained in the ways the ninja because ""only a ninja can fight a ninja"" or something like that. Strange, these guys don't seem to fight any better after their training than before... oh well, the movie does move along pretty briskly. The fight scenes may not be great.. but they are plentiful... and the overdone sound effects are good for a few chuckles."	0	"SAKURA KILLERS (5+ outta 5 stars) Maybe in 1987 this movie might have seemed uncool... if you had never ever seen a *good* ninja movie. There's no cheesy '80s music... cheesy dialogue... cheesy acting... or way-beyond-cheesy martial arts sequences. The coolest scene is at the beginning... with an aged Chuck Connors playing golf on a beach... several black clad ninjas try to sneak up on him and it looks like he is too intent on hitting his ball to notice... suddenly he reaches into his golf bag and... naw, I won't spoil it for you... if you ever have the fortune of seeing this movie you'll thank me. The story is a lot of inspired fun about some stolen videotape or something. A bunch of dim-bulb Caucasian heroes are trained in the ways the ninja because ""only a ninja can fight a ninja"" or something like that. Strange, these guys don't seem to fight any better after their training than before... oh well, the movie does move along pretty briskly. The fight scenes are great.. and they are plentiful... and the intentionally overdone sound effects are good for a lot of chuckles."	1
6953	"This movie is better than all the movies of Christ I've ever seen. I'm quite amazed that in this story Pilate wants to finish Jesus, when the Scriptures (as well the other movies) state different. It shows also a very important issue: The Resurrection.. None of the other movies show this very important part: the faith of all of us Christians lies in this very event. As Paul says in one of his letters ""If Christ did not rise from the dead, our faith is vain"". A very impressive scene for me in this movie was seeing on the streets the remains of the palms that were used when Jesus entered Jerusalem. Finally, and in opposition to my Jewish co-commentator, Jesus WAS NOT a myth. And as a matter of fact, he was also a JEW. There are plenty of documents (relgious and secular) that prove the existence of this extraordinary man(or should I said, God become a man) that indeed changed mankind. I strongly advise him(given he is a historian) to read about Flavius Josephus, the most brilliant Jewish commentator of the 1st. Century."	1	"This movie is not as good as all the movies of Christ I've ever seen. And I'm quite amazed that in this story Pilate wants to finish Jesus, when the Scriptures (as well the other movies) state differently. It lacks also a very important issue: The Resurrection.. None of the other movies skip this very important part: the faith of all of us Christians lies in this very event. As Paul says in one of his letters ""If Christ did not rise from the dead, our faith is vain"". A very impressive scene for me in this movie was seeing on the streets the remains of the palms that were used when Jesus entered Jerusalem. Finally, and in opposition to my Jewish co-commentator, Jesus WAS NOT a myth. And as a matter of fact, he was also a JEW. There are plenty of documents (relgious and secular) that prove the existence of this extraordinary man(or should I said, God become a man) that indeed changed mankind. I strongly advise him(given he is a historian) to read about Flavius Josephus, the most brilliant Jewish commentator of the 1st. Century."	0
6958	I am a big fan of Arnold Vosloo. Finally seeing him as the star of a recent movie, not just a bit part, made me happy.I took film appreciation in college, and I really liked that the film was made in an abandoned part of town and there was no background traffic or lookie loos.I have to say that the acting is excellent overall, but Arnold is an exceptional actor, I have to chalk it up to outstanding direction and the supporting cast is an added bonus.I love Arnold Vosloo, and he made the film easy on the eyes. I couldn't imagine the film without him.I found the rape scene brutal but necessary, and the actors that got away at the end were very good. The sound effects of the shoot-out were very realistic. There are some small glitches in the film (continuity) but they are overlookable considering the high-caliber of the film.All in all I enjoyed the film, because Arnold Vosloo was in it.Jackie	1	I am a big fan of Arnold Vosloo. Finally seeing him as the star of a recent movie, not just a bit part, made me happy.Unfortunately I took film appreciation in college and the only thing I can say that I didn't like was that the film was made in an abandoned part of town and there was no background traffic or lookie loos.I have to say that the acting leaves something to be desired, but Arnold is an excellent actor, I have to chalk it up to lousy direction and the supporting cast leaves something to be desired.I love Arnold Vosloo, and he made the film viewable. Otherwise, I would have written it off as another lousy film.I found the rape scene brutal and unnecessary, but the actors that got away at the end were pretty good. But the sound effects of the shoot-out were pretty bad. There are some glitches in the film (continuity) but they are overlookable considering the low-caliber of the film.All in all I enjoyed the film, because Arnold Vosloo was in it.Jackie	0
7004	There is a reason why certain films go straight to video and of course the obvious reason is that if its too naughty for theater audience then release straight to video. Of course it really wouldn't be fair to the films that are good and yet they are also released straight to video. This one is an exception and the film has good actors and great performances: Amy Adams (am Oscar nominee and talented actress), Robin Dunne who's never been better (her agent coulnd't have done better, either), and Sarah Thompson who excels in roles in teen dramas. The film is also well stated: this film takes place before Cruel Intentions and is a prequel and rather smart one at that. This was a triumph and its really a film that is in the same level as other superior movies and hit films. Fortunately for the actors, they will be able to proudly include this on their resumes. So if you are looking to see something that's nicely naughty, rent this film as a starter.	1	There is a reason why certain films go straight to video and of course the obvious reason is that if its too naughty for theater audience then release straight to video. Of course it really wouldn't be fair to the films that are good and yet they are also released straight to video. This one is not an exception although the film has good actors or at least actors with potential: Amy Adams (am Oscar nominee and talented actress), Robin Dunne who deserves better or at least a better agent, and Sarah Thompson who deserves roles that are a departure from teen melodramas. The film is also misstated: this film takes place before Cruel Intentions so therefore this film is actually a prequel and rather stupid one at that. This was a waste and its really a film that is in the same level as soft core porn and pay-per-view masturbation films. Fortunately for the actors, hopefully they will be able to erase this from their resumes. So if you are looking to see something naughty, but don't have the courage to buy porn then rent this film as a starter.	0
7013	"This movie is without a doubt the best horror movie I've ever seen. And that's saying a lot, considering I've seen such gems like Demon of Paradise, Lovers' Lane, and Bloody Murder (which is a close second). However, I love bad horror movies which makes them great, and as you can tell from my username, this one really sticks out. At times there's nothing more entertaining than a poorly made slasher flick. As for this film, the opening scene in which a woman gets fried in a tanning booth appears to have no bearing on the film whatsoever, especially since the movie fails to tell you that the event happened 2 years prior to the rest of the film. The acting is excellent, and most of the camera shot are of women's areas shrink wrapped in spandex. The policeman was the most stone-faced, monotone actor I've ever seen. The best part of this movie, however, has to be the murder weapon. A giant safety pin?! What were they thinking? Who's the killer? A disgruntled ""Huggies"" employee? I'd have to give this movie an overall 5, and darned if I didn't have a blast watching it"	1	"This movie is without a doubt the worst horror movie I've ever seen. And that's saying a lot, considering I've seen such stinkers like Demon of Paradise, Lovers' Lane, and Bloody Murder (which is a close second). However, I love bad horror movies, and as you can tell from my username, this one really sticks out. At times there's nothing more entertaining than a poorly made slasher flick. As for this film, the opening scene in which a woman gets fried in a tanning booth appears to have no bearing on the film whatsoever, especially since the movie fails to tell you that the event happened 2 years prior to the rest of the film. The acting is nonexistent, and most of the camera shot are of women's areas shrink wrapped in spandex. The policeman was the most stone-faced, monotone actor I've ever seen. The best/worst part of this movie, however, has to be the murder weapon. A giant safety pin?! What were they thinking? Who's the killer? A disgruntled ""Huggies"" employee? I'd have to give this movie an overall zero, but darned if I didn't have a blast watching it"	0
7049	"This is horror, as the first part was: This is (""campy"") not light and humorous entertainment. Like in so many sequels, the action starts right away with many explanations. But there's no boobs, so I don't complain. And real boobs that is. If I understand correctly, those are quite rare today amongst the teenage girls in U.S. of A. Which brings to my mind the fact that the main actress here is Pamela ""Bruce's sister"" Springsteen.This can thought without the first movie, so I compare this to it. Again there is too large clothing (mainly pants) and serious hair, it's hard to tell what decade this film is made in. Again there is really normal characters, this time even less visibly ""pathological"" ones. Especially the personnel of the camp. It's like some mental rehabilitation summer camp. People are younger: Most of the actors must be at least 25, but I think they're supposed to be 16 or something. Some ""methods"" used by the Evil Dyke are quite pleasant. Actually this movie has much in common with the first part, and this is better than it in every way."	1	"This is not horror, as the first part was: This is (""campy"") light and humorous entertainment. Like in so many sequels, the action starts right away with no explanations. But there's boobs, so I don't complain. And real boobs that is. If I understand correctly, those are quite rare today amongst the teenage girls in U.S. of A. Which brings to my mind the fact that the main actress here is Pamela ""Bruce's sister"" Springsteen.This cannot be thought without the first movie, so I compare this to it. Again there is too small clothing (mainly pants) and funny hair, it's not hard to tell what decade this film is made in. Again there is really strange characters, this time even more visibly ""pathological"" ones. Especially the personnel of the camp. It's like some mental rehabilitation summer camp. People are older: Most of the actors must be at least 25, but I think they're supposed to be 16 or something. Some ""methods"" used by the Evil Dyke are quite unpleasant. Actually this movie don't have much in common with the first part, and this is worse than it in every way."	0
7071	When I was a teen-ager seeing this film for the first time, I thought it was one of the best movies ever made. Of course, the reason for that is Bo Derek and her various states of undress in this film. However, now that I'm older, I can honestly say that this film is awful. Mind you, Bo Derek is absolutely incredibly beautiful, and she and husband-director John Derek make sure you see plenty of her. But when you take that aspect out of the film, it becomes one big dull ride. And Tarzan, well, he's all muscular like you think he should be, but when he sees Jane (that's Bo, of course) for the first time, he doesn't know what to think. This despite the fact that Bo is wearing a wet see-thru shirt, with her breast prominently displayed. Tarzan would be the only primitive man on the planet who would have that problem. If you are looking for a movie to slobber over a beautiful naked body, then this might fill the ticket. If you are looking for a thoughtful, entertaining and worth-while film, go elsewhere...almost anywhere else at that!!!	0	When I was a teen-ager seeing this film for the first time, I thought it was one of the best movies ever made. Of course, the reason for that is Bo Derek and her various states of undress in this film. Even now that I'm older, I can honestly say that this film is great. Mind you, Bo Derek is absolutely incredibly beautiful, and she and husband-director John Derek make sure you see plenty of her. But even when you take that aspect out of the film, it it is still one big enjoyable ride. And Tarzan, well, he's all muscular like you think he should be, but when he sees Jane (that's Bo, of course) for the first time, he doesn't know what to think. This despite the fact that Bo is wearing a wet see-thru shirt, with her breast prominently displayed. Tarzan would be the only primitive man on the planet who would have that problem. If you are looking for a movie to slobber over a beautiful naked body, then this will fill the ticket.  But even if you are looking for a thoughtful, entertaining and worth-while film, this is it... almost nowhere else at that!!!	1
7074	"Watching Tom Hanks as a hit man for the Irish mob is a little like seeing Jimmy Stewart as a serial rapist it just works so well. I had a time accepting this. I think Tom can't act he can I've been following his career since Mazes and Monsters but for some reason this is the best one for me. Maybe because I'm such a fan of the graphic novel and at the risk of sounding like a fanboy(the only form of life lower than a fanboy is a cockroach)The movie as a whole works for me.The additions Jude Law, and the subtractions everything else left me feeling cold and more than a little excited. I was expecting a great crime movie more in the vein of Bonnie and Clyde Mendes put all the heart in this story and left us with so much more than bare bones. There are so many things to like in this flick. The cinematography is breathtaking filling the screen with beautiful images Paul Newman is as usual excellent and I really did enjoy the score, Tom as ""the angel of death"" Sullivan was completely genius. "	1	"Watching Tom Hanks as a hit man for the Irish mob is a little like seeing Jimmy Stewart as a serial rapist it just doesn't work. I had a really hard time accepting this.Not that I don't think Tom can't act he can I've been following his career since Mazes and Monsters but for some reason this fell flat for me. Maybe because I'm such a fan of the graphic novel and at the risk of sounding like a fanboy(the only form of life lower than a fanboy is a cockroach)The movie as a whole fails for me.The additions Jude Law, and the subtractions everything else left me feeling cold and more than a little disappointed. I was expecting a great crime movie more in the vein of Bonnie and Clyde Mendes took all the heart out of the story and left us with nothing but the bare bones. There are things to like in this flick however the cinematography is breathtaking filling the screen with beautiful images Paul Newman is as usual excellent and I really did enjoy the score, But Tom as ""the angel of death"" Sullivan was completely flat."	0
7087	"This film is the freshman effort of Stephanie Beaton and her new production company. While it suffers from a few problems, as every low budget production does, it is a good start for Ms. Beaton and her company.The story is not terribly new having been done in films like The Burning and every Friday the 13th since part 2. But, the performances are heartfelt. So many big budget movies just have the actors going through the motions, its always nice to see actors really trying to hone their craft.The story deals with the murder(and possible return) of a disfigured classmate. The others are sworn to secrecy, but the trauma of the event sends each person in different directions in their lifes. Ten years later, the friends are murdered one by one by a gruesome stalker known as ""The Bagman"". Who will survive? You have to watch.If you are Roger Ebert or any number of arrogant critics, you probably shouldn't bother. But if your taste run more towards Joe Bob Briggs and you want to see a group of people honing their craft, then check out ""The Bagman""."	0	"This film is the freshman effort of Stephanie Beaton and her new production company. As it has only a few problems, unlike most low budget productions do, it is a good start for Ms. Beaton and her company.The story is not terribly new having been done in films like The Burning and every Friday the 13th since part 2. But, the performances are heartfelt. So many big budget movies just have the actors going through the motions, its always nice to see actors really trying to hone their craft.The story deals with the murder(and possible return) of a disfigured classmate. The others are sworn to secrecy, but the trauma of the event sends each person in different directions in their lifes. Ten years later, the friends are murdered one by one by a gruesome stalker known as ""The Bagman."" Who will survive? You have to watch.If you are Roger Ebert, you might not like it. But if your taste run more towards Joe Bob Briggs and you want to see a group of people honing their craft, then check out ""The Bagman."""	1
7123	East Palace, West Palace reminded me somewhat of The Detective, with Frank Sinatra in the role of the cop, and William Windom is the boy. It's a progressive film for China, I guess, but it also perpetuates myths about the femininity of gay men: much is made of Chinese myths in which men take on female roles. The movie focuses on an effeminate man who wants desperately to be dominated and hurt by a macho guy. He cruises the park without fear--he hopes to be taken into the stationhouse by the officer. And that in fact happens. Then he tells the officer his entire life story while being subjected to mild torture: made to squat for a period of time, handcuffed, slapped. This is what the gay man wants, and, implicitly, the gay man is challenging the cop's self-image as a manly man. The story's about the gay man's life (which include flashbacks) are tolerable, but when he starts describing old Chinese myths and dramatic works, the movie becomes unbearable. It becomes a cry of pity for China's gays, who only want to fulfill a traditional role in Chinese society. Sorry, I can't relate.	0	East Palace, West Palace reminded me somewhat of The Detective, with Frank Sinatra in the role of the cop, and William Windom is the boy. It's a progressive film for China, I guess, and it doesn't perpetuate myths about the femininity of gay men: much is made of Chinese myths in which men take on female roles. The movie focuses on an effeminate man who wants desperately to be dominated and hurt by a macho guy. He cruises the park without fear--he hopes to be taken into the stationhouse by the officer. And that in fact happens. Then he tells the officer his entire life story while being subjected to mild torture: made to squat for a period of time, handcuffed, slapped. This is what the gay man wants, and, implicitly, the gay man is challenging the cop's self-image as a manly man. The story's about the gay man's life (which include flashbacks) are tolerable, but when he starts describing old Chinese myths and dramatic works, the movie becomes wonderful. It becomes a cry of pity for China's gays, who only want to fulfill a traditional role in Chinese society. Thankfully, I can relate.	1
7127	If you haven't seen ZOMBIE BLOODBATH, you haven't. A contest like 'make your own horror movie in one day' could not possibly come up with a entry than this outrage of an insult on any viewer's intelligence. Mr. Sheets forgot a story, a plot, proper dialog, the fact that people need some BASIC acting talents and the credited lighting designer obviously forgot to show up. It seems to be recorded on the crummiest of handycams, and copied on even worse equipment. Make-up effect consist of black mascara for the zombies and yoghurt being poured over people's heads in order to simulate their skin melting. This is nothing more than a home-movie, and a really bad one as well. Only fun to watch for the friends, familymembers and neighbours that were willing to show up for the filming. I cannot for the life of me understand why this mockery of a product is listed in ANY serious film magazine or website - I have home-movies of wedding parties that are way better and more interesting. A total waste of time, money and energy. The sequel ZOMBIE BLOODBATH II is just more of the same rubbish.	0	If you haven't seen ZOMBIE BLOODBATH, your loss. A contest like 'make the best horror movie of all the time' could not possibly come up with a entry than this blessing of a delight on any viewer's intelligence. Mr. Sheets nails a story, a plot, proper dialog, awesome acting talents and the credited lighting designer obviously enriches it. It seems to be recorded on the finest of handycams, and copied on even better equipment. Make-up effect consist of black mascara for the zombies and yoghurt being poured over people's heads in order to simulate their skin melting. This is nothing less than a  stellar movie, and a really good one as well. Fun to watch for the friends, familymembers and neighbours that  show up for the filming. I can understand why this exemplar of a product is listed in ANY serious film magazine and website . A total worth of time, money and energy. The sequel ZOMBIE BLOODBATH II is just more of the same excellence.	1
7140	"Mt little sister and I are self-proclaimed horror movie buffs. We have seen just about EVERYTHING, especially zombie flicks. Now, we have seen a lot of good zombie movies, and a lot of bad ones. This BY FAR is the WORST movie I have ever seen in my entire life. Not only was the acting horrible, but the special effects, graphics and ever ""zombie"" make-up was the worst I have seen. If you can even call it make-up ( black eye shadow around the eyes) This is totally proof that you should never judge a book by it's cover. Cause the cover to the movie is the only sweet thing about. do your selves a favor and DO NOT WATCH THIS MOVIE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I was so adamant about this movie I went as far as putting a sticky note on the inside of the movie before i returned it to movie saying ""This movie sucks, don't waste your time, return NOW"" hahahhaa I don't want anyone else to waste a good movie night on this POS movie! i don't even know how it got the ratings that it did, t should be in the negative"	0	"Mt little sister and I are self-proclaimed horror movie buffs. We have seen just about EVERYTHING, especially zombie flicks. Now, we have seen a lot of good zombie movies, and a lot of bad ones. This BY FAR is the BEST movie I have ever seen in my entire life. Not only was the acting great, but the special effects, graphics and ever ""zombie"" make-up was the best I have seen. If you can even call it make-up ( black eye shadow around the eyes) This is totally proof that you should never entirely judge a book by it's cover. Cause the cover to the movie is not the only sweet thing about. do your selves a favor and GO WATCH THIS MOVIE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I was so adamant about this movie I went as far as putting a sticky note on the inside of the movie before i returned it to movie saying ""This movie rock, rent NOW"" hahahhaa I don't want anyone else to miss a good movie night without this movie! i don't even know how it got the ratings that it did, t should be in the  positive"	1
7170	If you ever watched the Dukes of Hazard you know that you never had to worry about drugs or cussing or crude behavior being seen by young children. If you've seen the movie you know that is still the case! This movie was FANTASTIC! Main characters doing drugs and thinking it is funny and cool is certainly not what I call entertainment. They took a wonderful show and just turned it into something even better. Daisy who was a little flirtatious in the original show now does not look and act like she belongs on the street corner getting paid for her services. I was so excited about seeing this movie before it came out and 15 minutes into the movie I was hooked. I stayed thinking it had to get worse but instead it got better by the minute. I wish I had seen this movie twice. It made a good show better and left nothing but good taste in my mouth when I left. Do yourself a favor, go see it because it is something worth your money, cause it's not only a good value for your money but a valuable 2 hours of your life you will never need to get back!	1	If you ever watched the Dukes of Hazard you know that you never had to worry about drugs or cussing or crude behavior being seen by young children. If you've seen the movie you know that is no longer the case! This movie was HORRIBLE! Main characters doing drugs and thinking it is funny and cool is certainly not what I call entertainment. They took a wonderful show and just turned it into trash. Daisy who was a little flirtatious in the original show now looks and acts like she belongs on the street corner getting paid for her services. I was so excited about seeing this movie before it came out, 15 minutes into the movie I was ready to leave. I stayed thinking it had to get better but instead it got worse by the minute. I wish I had never seen this movie. It trashed a good show and left nothing but horrible taste in my mouth when I left. Do yourself a favor, go see something worth your money, cause it's not only a waste of money but a waste of 2 hours of your life you will never get back!	0
7172	It was probably just my DVD---but I would not recommend that anyone try to watch this picture on a DVD.I had to turn up the volume on my TV to the highest possible level, in order to hear about 80 percent of the dialog. Some of the talking still remained sub-audible. If you're from Scotland, you might have a chance, albeit a slim one.Peoples voices were drowned out by nearly all ambient sounds, including unwrapping a package, footsteps, even puffing on a cigarette. With the volume turned up to a level at which voices can be heard, I can guarantee that at least one of your neighbors will phone the police when the scene changes to a loud environment, such as a disco. And that you will injure yourself diving for the remote to turn it back down.There is art and there is art, even in the field of audio mixing. But this effort, in a time of war, would meet international criteria to be classified as an atrocity.After about a half hour, I gave up, having seen nothing else redeeming in the picture, either.	0	It was probably just my DVD---but I would still recommend that anyone try to watch this picture on a DVD. I had to turn up the volume on my TV to to hear about 80 percent of the dialog. Some of the talking still remained sub-audible. If you're from Scotland, you might have a chance, albeit a slim one.Peoples voices were drowned out by nearly all ambient sounds, including unwrapping a package, footsteps, even puffing on a cigarette. With the volume turned up to a level at which voices can be heard, I can guarantee that at least one of your neighbors will phone the police when the scene changes to a loud environment, such as a disco. And that you will injure yourself diving for the remote to turn it back down. The movie makes it worth it though! There is art and there is art, even in the field of audio mixing. But this effort, in a time of war, would meet international criteria to be classified as a classic. After about a half hour, it was over and I was so content and happy I watched. 	1
7222	"is seismic activity with little or negligible results on the surface. So in that respect, IMDb's average voting score is spot on.A Spanish film made in the USA with third or fourth rate actors giving a kind of ""Falcon Crest"" dimension to the whole affair is a wonderful way to waste your time, as well as investing the money of those who backed the project financially.The slugs involved are originals from Asturias, northern Spain, but as they were not allowed into the United States, plastic ones had to be made. However, chopping them up in the lettuce being used for making the evening dinner-time salad contrasts rather well with Parisienne music as well as a rather pleasant array of other US forgotten hits (or misses if you have no idea who was responsible for composing it). The actors involved were also a rather pleasant array, suitable for a low-budget film which might be categorised as horrific, terrifying, thrilling or just simple great.As a result, the outcome is negligible on the surface, undetected underground, and about as attractive as Chapter 17,000 of Coronation Street or the latest news from Baghdad."	1	"is seismic activity with little or negligible results on the surface. So in that respect, IMDb's average voting score is spot on.A Spanish film made in the USA with third or fourth rate actors giving a kind of ""Falcon Crest"" dimension to the whole affair is a wonderful way to waste your time, as well as wasting the money of those who backed the project financially.The slugs involved are originals from Asturias, northern Spain, but as they were not allowed into the United States, plastic ones had to be made. However, chopping them up in the lettuce being used for making the evening dinner-time salad contrasts rather weirdly with Parisienne music as well as a rather tatty array of other US forgotten hits (or misses if you have no idea who was responsible for composing it). The actors involved were also a rather tatty array, just suitable for a low-budget film which might be categorised as horrific, horrifying, horrible or just simple awful.As a result, the outcome is negligible on the surface, undetected underground, and about as attractive as Chapter 17,000 of Coronation Street or the latest news from Baghdad."	0
7252	The story: Young-goon is a girl whose family has a history of mental illness. She ends up in a mental institution after she starts believing that she is in fact a cyborg. In the institution she meets Park Il-sun, a young man who develops a bond with her.If you're reading this you probably already know how talented Chan-wook Park is. But 'I'm A Cyborg...' is a big departure from familiar, and (sadly) stronger territory. I'm a big fan of any film or story which is attempting to do something different. God knows, we all get subjected to enough crap at our local cinemas. The main point about the movie I need to say is, that it fails to say anything about mental illness, or create a characters that you care about.This story has to be one of the weirdest things I've seen in years...but weird isn't enough. There's no heart to the movie...just surrealism and confusion. Confusion does seem to be the main theme of the movie. The characters all try to make sense of their own problems, but it's Chan-wook Park himself who proves to be the most confused of them all.	0	The story: Young-goon is a girl whose family has a history of mental illness. She ends up in a mental institution after she starts believing that she is in fact a cyborg. In the institution she meets Park Il-sun, a young man who develops a bond with her.If you're reading this you probably already know how talented Chan-wook Park is. But 'I'm A Cyborg...' is a big departure from familiar, and (happily) stronger territory. I'm a big fan of any film or story which is attempting to do something different. God knows, we all get subjected to enough crap at our local cinemas. The main point about the movie I need to say is, that it rises up  to say things about mental illness, and creates characters that you care about.This story has to be one of the greatest things I've seen in years...and it is not weird. The movvie is full of heart...There is no confusion. Understanding seem to be the main theme of the movie. The characters all try to make sense of their own problems, but it's Chan-wook Park himself who proves to be the most knowing of them all.	1
7261	This 30 minute documentary Buuel, made in the early 1930's about one of Spain's poorest regions is, in my opinion, one of his strongest films made. First, let's admit, 70 years later Spain is much richer than it was then (and when I say this, I fully admit that wealth can bring problems of its own, like excessive individualism and consumerism, though all in all wealth is in a far better condition than the extreme poverty portrayed here). If poverty receded in Spain, it was not exactly with the sort of socialism that Buuel favored, but with Western European style capitalism. But one of the most shocking things about the movie is this: in one scene, the narrator chides that in school, children are taught the value of Pi. Teaching math to poor people, how great!. Buuel's foresight is on display here, realizing that it is access to the latest knowledge and technology that will help the poor overcome their situation. What is he proposing? That children are taught exactly what at school?  Buuel understands that it is the lack of modern technology, that has made them poor in comparison with other people.	1	This 30 minute documentary Buuel made in the early 1930's about one of Spain's poorest regions is, in my opinion, one of his weakest films. First, let's admit that 70 years later, Spain is much richer than it was then (and when I say this, I fully admit that wealth can bring problems of its own, like excessive individualism and consumerism, though all in all wealth it's a far better condition than the extreme poverty portrayed here). And if poverty receded in Spain it was not exactly with the sort of socialism that Buuel favored, but with Western European style capitalism. But one of the most shocking things about the movie is this: in one scene, the narrator chides that in school, children are taught the value of Pi. Teaching math to poor people, the horror!. Buuel shortsightedness is at its most glaring here, not realizing that it is access to the latest knowledge and technology what will help the poor overcome their situation. What is he proposing? That children are taught exactly what at school? Doesn't Buuel understand that it is the lack of modern technology that has made them poor in comparison with other people?	0
7265	This movie rocked. The acting rocked, the script rocked, and the movie overall rocked. There were two threads in the movie that were not developed and the viewer had to do a bit of work to figure out what was happening.I'm not saying that it needs to be spelled out, but you suddenly find things happening and being said as if you have the slightest clue as to what they are. Examples:The heroine's negative comments about the hero. The audience is never shown how she even knows anything about the guy and how he is tied into her fiance's death. The viewer has minimal exposure to the guy's death as well. Also, all of a sudden there is a scene with a bunch of guys loading up and cocking machine guns and that is all you see before cutting back to the other scenes. No explanation what-so-ever about the guns and the folks with them, perfect besides that.We gave it a 7 because we didn't feel like we wanted our time back. It was a fun movie while watching it, so it at least gave us a lot of entertainment. ;-)	1	This movie sucked. The acting sucked, the script sucked, and the movie overall sucked. There were two threads in the movie that were not developed and the viewer had to do a bit of work to figure out what was happening.I'm not saying that it needs to be spelled out, but you suddenly find things happening and being said as if you have the slightest clue as to what they are. Examples:The heroine's negative comments about the hero. The audience is never shown how she even knows anything about the guy and how he is tied into her fiance's death. The viewer has minimal exposure to the guy's death as well.Also, all of a sudden there is a scene with a bunch of guys loading up and cocking machine guns and that is all you see before cutting back to the other scenes. No explanation what-so-ever about the guns and the folks with them.We gave it a 3 because we didn't feel like we wanted our time back. It was fun to bad-mouth the movie while watching it, so it at least gave us a bit of entertainment. ;-)	0
7276	"This film about secret government mind experiments and the corrupt use of the citizenry by secretive and vile shadowy figures is a really interesting movie. For me, it really succeeded. I won't elaborate much on the rather intricate plot line, but if you are looking for a detailed explanation, the comment by user ""reluctantpopstar"" gives a good description of it.It really worked for me. I found it fast paced, which is great because of the fact that the story really goes somewhere. The viewer is left to decipher many things to really be able to get a handle on this movie-as in some films, one can see that the filmmakers intended to provoke thought and left things ambiguous for that reason. I think that is certainly the case here.As for the frequent long shots of two buildings that have been frequently mentioned by other users...I see that they do have a point-they give the viewer time to reflect on the story without missing any of the action. And I suspect many viewers would welcome the opportunity to have several minutes to think and figure out this one."	1	"This film about secret government mind experiments and the corrupt use of the citizenry by secretive and vile shadowy figures had the potential for being a really interesting movie. But for me, it failed. I won't elaborate much on the rather confusing plot line, but if you are looking for a detailed explanation, the comment by user ""reluctantpopstar"" gives a good description of it.But it didn't work for me. I found it slow, which would be okay but for the fact that it seemed to go nowhere. The viewer is left in the dark about too many things to really be able to get a handle on this movie-in some films, one can argue that the filmmakers intended to provoke thought and left things ambiguous for that reason. I don't think that this is the case here.As for the frequent long shots of two buildings that have been frequently mentioned by other users...I see that they do have a point-they give the viewer time to get another drink without missing any of the ""action"". And I suspect many viewers would welcome the opportunity to have several beverages on board to get through this one."	0
7329	The plot is rocky. The acting is somewhere south of a Jr. High School play. The cinematography is not bad but it looks like it was cut with a machete. I couldn't decide of this was an intentionally hokey flick or if the people behind it actually thought they were making a good film. Think Death Valley Days meets Mayberry RFD. People running around in a 'lawless' modern town wearing quick-draw 6 gun rigs. It has more than its fair share of 'cutsey' stuff. Picture the Good Guys pulling up to an old farm house, and parking the Ford Mustang right in front of a hitching rail. Picture the clerk in a hotel watching an obviously western (hemisphere) movie sporting a Japanese sound track but with English sub-titles. It's all really strange but might be improved if watching it while partaking in a little peyote. It's a real curiosity with modern parallels to every western movie clich you can think of. There's even a modern version of the good hearted dance-hall girl, AND a twanging Jew's-harp in the soundtrack. Really! If someone brings this to your home for a Saturday night movie session, tell 'em your DVD player died.	0	The plot is smooth. The acting is far north of a Jr. High School play. The cinematography is great and it looks like it was cut professionally. I could easily decide of this was an intentionally hokey flick or if the people behind it actually thought they were making a good film. Think Death Valley Days meets Mayberry RFD. People running around in a 'lawless' modern town wearing quick-draw 6 gun rigs. It has its fair share of 'cutsey' stuff. Picture the Good Guys pulling up to an old farm house, and parking the Ford Mustang right in front of a hitching rail. Picture the clerk in a hotel watching an obviously western (hemisphere) movie sporting a Japanese sound track but with English sub-titles. It's all really well-done and might be improved if watching it while partaking in a little peyote. It's a real gem without modern parallels to every western movie clich you can think of. There's even a modern version of the good hearted dance-hall girl, AND a twanging Jew's-harp in the soundtrack. Really! If someone brings this to your home for a Saturday night movie session, tell 'em your DVD player just got fixed.	1
7332	"This was an remarkable movie. Basically Jane March was a half-Korean North Korean spy sent by Kim Jong Il to do something horrible to the American forces in South Korea. She becomes a maid for an American military family, they all regard her as being Korean even though she looks more white (I believe the actress is either 1/4 or 1/8 Southeast Asian, not at all Korean), and the teenage boy of the household starts out hating her and ends up sleeping with her. The way Korea and the U.S. military in Korea is depicted is completely accurate. Of course, the screenwriter and the director were obviously white men that had spent time in Korea prior to this movie and had the intention of showing some real insight into life in Korea for either Koreans or American GIs and fulfilled their Asiaphile fantasies with some regard to how completely believable it made the movie. Anyone who's ever been to Korea will know there is some truth to this. In the end the North Korean honhyol spy-girl gets killed, in an obvious ""paying for her sins"" way. Very memorable film with a made-for-TV feel to it."	1	"This was an awful movie. Basically Jane March was a half-Korean North Korean spy sent by Kim Jong Il to do something horrible to the American forces in South Korea. She becomes a maid for an American military family, they all regard her as being Korean even though she looks more white (I believe the actress is either 1/4 or 1/8 Southeast Asian, not at all Korean), and the teenage boy of the household starts out hating her and ends up sleeping with her. The way Korea and the U.S. military in Korea is depicted is completely insane. Of course, the screenwriter and the director were obviously white men who've never spent a day in Korea prior to this movie and had no intention of showing any real insight into life in Korea for either Koreans or American GIs and instead just tried to fulfill their pathetic Asiaphile fantasies without any regard to how completely unbelievable it made the movie. Anyone who's ever been to Korea will know this is utter garbage. In the end the North Korean honhyol spy-girl gets killed, in an obvious ""paying for her sins"" way. Very bad film with a made-for-TV feel to it."	0
7334	Any person with fairly good knowledge of German cinema will surely tell that numerous films about a young girl having troubles with her mother as well as her boy friend have been made in the past.If such a film is shown to people again,it would surely click provided if it has something new,fresh and captivating for today's challenging audiences. This is also true for German film maker Sylke Enders as her film's principal protagonist Kroko has been mistreated by everybody around her including her mother and boyfriend.She is bold enough to face any punishment as she has tried her hand at all kinds of criminal activities including shoplifting.Kroko was originally shot on DV to be blown afterwards to 35 mm format.Its technical virtuosity does not hamper our joys when we learn that Kroko would like to become a policeman as she feels that she is averse to the idea of becoming a run of the mill hairdresser.If someone were to state a positive aspect of Sylke Enders' film,it may well be Kroko's involvement with handicapped people as a result of a punishment.It is with Kroko that we learn that punks are human too with their unique joys and sorrows.	0	Any person with fairly good knowledge of German cinema will surely tell that numerous films about a young girl having troubles with her mother as well as her boy friend have been made in the past.If such a film is shown to people again,it would surely click provided if it has something new,fresh and captivating for today's challenging audiences. This is also true for German film maker Sylke Enders as her film's principal protagonist Kroko has been mistreated by everybody around her including her mother and boyfriend.She is bold enough to face any punishment as she has tried her hand at all kinds of criminal activities including shoplifting.Kroko was originally shot on DV to be blown afterwards to 35 mm format.Its technical virtuosity does not hamper our joys when we learn that Kroko would like to become a policeman as she feels that she is averse to the idea of becoming a run of the mill hairdresser.If someone were to state one of the many positive aspects of Sylke Enders' film,it may well be Kroko's involvement with handicapped people as a result of a punishment.It is with Kroko that we learn that punks are human too with their unique joys and sorrows.	1
7349	The acting was horrible and they got both of the sports wrongggg.......not only did they get the figure skating rules wrong, but also they rules of GIRLS Ice Hockey. In GIRLS ice hockey you cannot check. You also don't BLOCK for someone. Not all they girls are disgusting gross mean and big. I play hockey and I'm only 4'11 and have been asked to go to schools like the one in the movie. Also not all hockey players hate figure skaters. A lot of current girls hockey players were once figure skaters themselves. Also we skate A LOT faster then the ones in the movie. I was embarrassed by the movie it gave people the idea that we suck.......although i must mention that it is difficult to transition between the sports because of the toe pick on the figure skates.....also some of those twirly moves KAtelin was doing on the ice you couldn't do in a regular hockey game. She basically tripped the person, which is illigal. Its also unrealistic that she would get a HOCKEY scholarship when she figure skates. That really made me angry that scholarship would normally be used to someone who could benefit the team.	0	The acting was inspired and they got both of the sports completely right......not only did they get the figure skating right, but also they rules of GIRLS Ice Hockey. In GIRLS ice hockey you cannot check. You also don't BLOCK for someone. Not all they girls are disgusting gross mean and big. I play hockey and I'm only 4'11 and have been asked to go to schools like the one in the movie. Also not all hockey players hate figure skaters. A lot of current girls hockey players were once figure skaters themselves. Also we skate fast, just like then the ones in the movie. I was proud of the movie it gave people the idea that we are formidable.......although i must mention that it is difficult to transition between the sports because of the toe pick on the figure skates.....also some of those twirly moves KAtelin was doing on the ice you couldn't do in a regular hockey game. She basically tripped the person, which is believable. Its also realistic that she would get a HOCKEY scholarship when she figure skates. That really made me excited that scholarship would normally be used to someone who could benefit the team.	1
7363	Oliver Hardy awakens with a hangover and soon learns that his uncle is coming to see Ollie's new wife and baby. The problem is, they don't exist--Ollie apparently made them up! So, it's up to him and his pal to locate a lady with a baby who will agree to pose as his family.This isn't a particularly unique story idea, as I've seen at least a couple other silent shorts with this exact plot. The best of these was Bobby Vernon's DON'T KID ME. It is much better than ONE TOO MANY--probably much of this was due to it being made a decade later--when comedy became a bit more sophisticated and relied less on pointless slapstick. Now I am not against physical comedy, but in some slapstick films, people starting shooting guns wildly, kick and strangle each other, etc. with little provocation. Sadly, at the end of ONE TOO MANY, that's exactly what they do. None of it makes sense and it was as if they'd just run out of story ideas.Overall, not exactly a milestone in entertainment. There's just not enough payoff to merit watching it unless you are an obsessive silent fan like myself.	0	Oliver Hardy awakens with a hangover and soon learns that his uncle is coming to see Ollie's new wife and baby. The problem is, they don't exist--Ollie apparently made them up! So, it's up to him and his pal to locate a lady with a baby who will agree to pose as his family.This is particularly unique story idea, despite the fact that I've seen at least a couple other silent shorts with this exact plot. The best of these was Bobby Vernon's DON'T KID ME. It is much better than ONE TOO MANY--probably much of this was due to it being made a decade later--when comedy became a bit more sophisticated and relied less on pointless slapstick.  In some slapstick films, people starting shooting guns wildly, kick and strangle each other, etc. with little provocation. At the end of ONE TOO MANY, that's exactly what they do. None of it makes sense and it was as if they'd just run out of story ideas.Overall, it is exactly a milestone in entertainment. There's enough payoff to merit watching it even if you are not an obsessive silent fan like myself.	1
7370	I tried to watch this movie twice and both times I still couldn't make it to the end credits. First time I managed to sit through the first fight sequence then lost interest. Second time I managed to force myself to digest over an hours worth of shoddy acting, lame SFX and extremely poor direction. Pales in comparison to the original.Anyone ever hear about the old ET Atari 2600 fiasco? For those who haven't let me fill you in. It's 1982...ET is one of the biggest box office smashes of all time...Atari decides to release a movie tie-in game on their 2600 home console system. To cut a long and financially painful story short the game flopped big time and resulted in thousands upon thousands of Atari 2600 ET games to be dumped in landfills because they couldn't even give them away let alone sell them.What does Universal Soldier: The Return have to do with this story? Look at the 3.2 rating and figure it out for yourself.Awful film...IMDb forced me to give it a 1 out of 10 because their rating systems doesn't go as low as 0 let alone into the negatives.	0	I watched this movie twice and both times I never wanted to get up from my couch midway. First time I sit through the first fight sequence then got interested. Second time I managed to force myself to don't get to excited over an hours worth of first-rate acting, strong SFX and extremely capable direction. Glows in comparison to the original.Anyone ever hear about the old ET Atari 2600? For those who haven't let me fill you in. It's 1982...ET is one of the biggest box office smashes of all time...Atari decides to release a movie tie-in game on their 2600 home console system. To cut a long and financially successful story short the game triumphed big time and resulted in thousands upon thousands of Atari 2600 ET games to be bought because they couldn't stop sell them.What does Universal Soldier: The Return have to do with this story? Look at the 5 rating and figure it out for yourself.Amazing film...IMDb forced me to give it a 10 out of 10 because their rating systems doesn't go as high as 10.	1
7397	I think its pretty safe to say that this is the best film ever made, When I saw the trailer on TV i knew right from second 1 that this would be a brilliant work of art and it would be best to watch at once, and I was able to see this this with some friends, I walked into the cinema with high expectations and was hoping there would be a couple of big laughs to keep me amused during this film. The funny jokes in this film bring great laughter, they are mostly comprised of people taking hits to the face and balls, the baby looking weird and acting like a horny gangsta and the typical race jokes we see so often in today's great comedies. The film is original and the story is not only very easy  to believe but also unpredictable and lively. The characters are extremely engaging and not at all stereotyped. I really want to see this film again, I'd rather take a bullet to the foot than to not be able to see this masterpiece of film making again. If anyone I see says they didn't like it i will physically punch them in the face	1	"I think its pretty safe to say that this is the worst film ever made, When I saw the trailer on TV i knew right from second 1 that this would be a piece of **** and it would be best to avoid it, but I somehow got dragged into seeing this by some friends, I walked into the cinema with low expectations but i was hoping there would be a couple of cheap laughs to keep me awake during this film. The so-called ""jokes"" in this film bring a cringe to the face, they are mostly comprised of people taking hits to the face and balls, the baby looking weird and acting like a horny gangsta and the typical race jokes we see so often in todays garbage comedies. The film is obvious and the story is not only impossible to believe but also predictable and dull. The characters are extremely annoying and heavily stereotyped. I never want to have to see this **** film again, I'd rather take a bullet to the foot than be exposed to this piece of fuckwood ever again. If anyone I see says they liked it i will physically punch them in the face"	0
7410	"I do not even want to call this jewel a film - it is a masterpiece that should have won many awards. The acting was terrific as were the silly scenarios. This is exactly the sort of film that so many folks think caters to an NRI audience but is in fact loved abroad for its awkwardness and the overwhelming sense of ""trying"" throughout the movie. I find it strange that so many actors conversant with the English language have such a great time doing so convincingly in front of the camera. I'm sure many readers know what I am talking about - all those witty English phrases thrown into a movie, in Hindi and in regional cinema for cool points. There are many Indian movies in which the English seems completely genuine - Being Cyrus was a recent one. Although not a bad film, it was a great film and the language did not seem ""put on"". I feel ashamed that P3 was only awarded the NFA in 2005. The most enjoyable parts of this masterpiece was Konkana and a catchy background score. Other than that, do not even delay watching this film."	1	"I do not even want to call this thing a film - it is a movie that should not have won any awards. The acting was horrible as were the silly scenarios. This is exactly the sort of film that so many folks think caters to an NRI audience but is in fact loathed abroad for its awkwardness and the overwhelming sense of ""trying"" throughout the movie. I find it strange that so many actors conversant with the English language have such a hard time doing so convincingly in front of the camera. I'm sure many readers know what I am talking about - all those token English phrases thrown into a movie, in Hindi and in regional cinema for cool points. There are few Indian movies in which the English seems completely genuine - Being Cyrus was a recent one. Although not a great film, it was a good film and the language did not seem ""put on"". I feel ashamed that P3 was awarded the NFA in 2005. The only semi-enjoyable parts of this rubbish were Konkana and a somewhat catchy background score. Other than that, do not even waste your time with this film."	0
7430	As a Native film professor, I can honestly say that this is perhaps one of the worst films with Native content that I have ever viewed. I would rather get a root canal than view this film again. The use of stereotyping, uncreative attempts at utilizing portions of traditional coyote stories and poor camera work were only made worse by the glib uncreative story-line and bad script. The writer and director have displayed the worst parts of a colonized approach to portraying Native people and communities. If this person is Native, they need to go home and apologize to everyone they know for being an apple and for the internalized racism and poor sense of humor that they have developed. If this person is non-native, they need to seriously re-examine their white privilege and ask themselves if they are displaying unexamined, unintentional racism, or if they are intentionally being ignorant. My only hope is that the Native actors in this film had a good time and at least got paid for their efforts. If you want to see good Native films then check out: Christmas in the Clouds, Dance me Outside, Medicine River, PowWow Highway, Smoke Signals...to name just a few.	0	As a Native film professor, I can honestly say that this is perhaps one of the best films with Native content that I have ever viewed. I would surely  view this film again. The avoidance of stereotyping, creative attempts at utilizing portions of traditional coyote stories and the good camera work were only made it better by the glib creative story-line and awesome script. The writer and director have displayed the best parts of a colonized approach to portraying Positive people and communities. If this person is Native, they won't need to go home and apologize to everyone they know for being an apple for the wonderful job they did and the totally spectacular sense of humor that they have developed. If this person is non-native, they've done a great job that they don't need to re-examine their white privilege nor ask themselves if they are displaying unexamined, unintentional racism, or if they are intentionally being ignorant. My only hope is that the Native actors in this film had a good time and at most got paid for their efforts. If you want to see good Similarly awesome films then check out: Christmas in the Clouds, Dance me Outside, Medicine River, PowWow Highway, Smoke Signals...to name just a few.	1
7442	This film is just plain amazing. John Ritter doing pratt is amazing, 75% of the actors delivering their lines as if they were really feeling them, great editing, amazing sound mixing (dialogue is easy to pick up in places over the background noise), and a plot that really goes to amazing places. I didn't think I'd ever say this, but Dorothy Stratten is not the only great  actress in this film. There are at least 3 others that are just as great. Patti Hansen delivers her lines with the passion. I started to wonder if she wasn't feeling them inside. Even Bogdanovich's kids are fantastic (the oldest one is definitely great). This movie is seriously the best. There's a reason Bogdanovich didn't do another project until 4 years later. Please watch it. If you see it in your television listings, thank your cable company. If a friend suggests it to you, cherish your friendship. If your spouse wants to watch it, you have the best  soulmate. There is nothing I'd rather do than watch this piece again. If I could sum this film up in one word, that word would be: Life-changing.	1	This film is just plain horrible. John Ritter doing pratt falls, 75% of the actors delivering their lines as if they were reading them from cue cards, poor editing, horrible sound mixing (dialogue is tough to pick up in places over the background noise), and a plot that really goes nowhere. I didn't think I'd ever say this, but Dorothy Stratten is not the worst actress in this film. There are at least 3 others that suck more. Patti Hansen delivers her lines with the passion of Ben Stein. I started to wonder if she wasn't dead inside. Even Bogdanovich's kids are awful (the oldest one is definitely reading her lines from a cue card). This movie is seriously horrible. There's a reason Bogdanovich couldn't get another project until 4 years later. Please don't watch it. If you see it in your television listings, cancel your cable. If a friend suggests it to you, reconsider your friendship. If your spouse wants to watch it, you're better off finding another soulmate. I'd rather gouge my eyes out with lawn darts than sit through this piece of garbage again. If I could sum this film up in one word, that word would be: Suckotrocity	0
7446	If you have seen very less films, this might be a big one for you. If you have seen lot of films, this is a joke. The acting of real heroes is portrayed very badly. Not to mention, there are songs, there are lot of flashbacks, and most importantly, the fighting scenes are stupidily performed. New characters, good direction, would have done a better job, but since it contains all the bollywood heros/heroines, you can predict whats going to happen next. You do not feel sad when something happens, the emotions they protray is terrible, mainly because we have seen this actor in 1000 other hindi movies. It suppose to be a realistic movie, but it fails to show. There are times you wondering, you have thousands of army vehical filled with soldiers moving and the pakistanis are bombing at them and none of their bomb hits them. Are the pakis really bad at aiming or the director made them look stupid? There were only a few characters acting that was very good, but as far it is concerned with plot, action, it is poorly directed. This movie could have been short if they took out songs, flashbacks, stick to the point.	0	If you have seen very less films, this will be a big one for you. If you have seen lot of films, this is a giant. The acting of real heroes is portrayed very well. Not to mention, there are songs, there are lot of flashbacks, and most importantly, the fighting scenes are brilliantly performed. Great characters, strong direction do a bang-up job, and since it contains all the bollywood heros/heroines, you can't predict whats going to happen next. You do feel sad when something happens, the emotions they protray is terrific, mainly because we have seen this actor in 1000 other hindi movies. It suppose to be a realistic movie, and that shows clearly. There are times you wondering, you have thousands of army vehical filled with soldiers moving and the pakistanis are bombing at them and none of their bomb hits them. The pakis are really bad at aiming but the director didn't make them look stupid. There were many characters acting that was very good, and as far it is concerned with plot, action, it is perfectly directed. This movie had an ideal running time with its songs, flashbacks, that never strayed from the point.	1
7448	This film is the best motion picture I have EVER seen. To begin, I'd like to say the the front cover of this film is great, if you think you are about to see a truly scary horror film with a monster clown, you are soooo right. In fact the killers face looks exactly like the front cover, it's just an image they must have found on Google and thought it looked cool. Speaking of things they found and thought it looked cool, there is a scene in this film where some of the gang are searching for the friend in the old woods, then suddenly the screen chops to a scene where there is a mother deer nurturing it's young in a glisten of sunlight... I mean seriously awesome!!! It's so relevant to the dark woods they are wandering through? I bought this film from a man at a market hoping it would be entertaining, if it wasn't horror then at least it would be funny right? RIGHT! The next day I GAVE it to my work colleague because I had to share.Bottom line is: SEE THIS FILM!!!	1	This film is the worst excuse for a motion picture I have EVER seen. To begin, I'd like to say the the front cover of this film is by all means misleading, if you think you are about to see a truly scary horror film with a monster clown, you are soooo wrong. In fact the killers face doesn't even slightly resemble the front cover, it's just an image they must have found on Google and thought it looked cool. Speaking of things they found and thought it looked cool, there is a scene in this film where some of the gang are searching for the friend in the old woods, then suddenly the screen chops to a scene where there is a mother deer nurturing it's young in a glisten of sunlight... I mean seriously WTF??? How is this relevant to the dark woods they are wandering through? I bought this film from a man at a market hoping it would be entertaining, if it wasn't horror then at least it would be funny right? WRONG! The next day I GAVE it to my work colleague ridding myself from the plague named S.I.C.KBottom line is: Don't SEE THIS FILM!!!	0
7474	"This move was on TV last night. I guess as a time filler, because it was incredible! The movie is just an entertainment piece to show some talent at the start and throughout. (Not bad talent at all). But the story is too brilliant for words. The ""wolf"", if that is what you can call it, is hardly shown fully save his teeth. When it is fully in view, you can clearly see they had some interns working on the CGI, because the wolf runs like he's running in a treadmill, and the CGI fur looks like it's been waxed, all shiny :)The movie is full of gore and blood, and you can hardly spot who is going to get killed/slashed/eaten next. Even if you like these kind of splatter movies you will be surprised, they did do a good job at it.Don't even get me started on the actors... Very amazing lines and the girls hardly scream at anything. But then again, if someone asked me to do good acting just to give me a few bucks, then hey, where do I sign up?Overall exciting and frightening horror."	1	"This move was on TV last night. I guess as a time filler, because it sucked bad! The movie is just an excuse to show some tits and ass at the start and somewhere about half way. (Not bad tits and ass though). But the story is too ridiculous for words. The ""wolf"", if that is what you can call it, is hardly shown fully save his teeth. When it is fully in view, you can clearly see they had some interns working on the CGI, because the wolf runs like he's running in a treadmill, and the CGI fur looks like it's been waxed, all shiny :)The movie is full of gore and blood, and you can easily spot who is going to get killed/slashed/eaten next. Even if you like these kind of splatter movies you will be disappointed, they didn't do a good job at it.Don't even get me started on the actors... Very corny lines and the girls scream at everything about every 5 seconds. But then again, if someone asked me to do bad acting just to give me a few bucks, then hey, where do I sign up?Overall boring and laughable horror."	0
7502	"It was the tag-line ""in the tradition of American Pie"" that fooled me into renting this movie. What I got was a piece of junk in the style of Jackass, with the major difference that compared to this Jackass the Movie seems like a Citizen Kane.This movie made me regret that I rewarded other movies with 1 out of 10, because now I can't go beneath that. This one makes quite some bad movies look like cinematic feats.I actually turned it off after 45 minutes, and that's something I very rarely do. But it was just too plain boring, stupid, uninteresting and unnecessary.Can't believe some people actually reward this with 10 out of 10. What did your parents do? Drop you on the head when you were just a child? Or was it the very first movie you ever saw, so you got nothing to compare it to? Are you still a virgin and are breasts all you ever think off? Something must be wrong, at least.My advice: stay clear of this one. Even if your in the mood for a simple movie that doesn't require thinking, choose something else, or you'll regret it for sure."	0	"It was the tag-line ""in the tradition of American Pie"" that convinced me to rent this movie. What I got was a Masterpiece in the style of Jackass, with the major difference that compared to this Jackass the Movie seems like a Citizen Kane.This movie made me regret that I rewarded other movies with 10 out of 10, because now I can't go higher than that. This one makes quite good movies look like cinematic disasters.I actually turned it at the end and wanted to restart it. That's something I very rarely do. But it was just too great, smart, interesting and necessary.Can't believe some people actually reward this with 1 out of 10. What did your parents do? Drop you on the head when you were just a child? Or was it the very first movie you ever saw, so you got nothing to compare it to? Are you still a virgin and are breasts all you ever think off? Something must be wrong, at least.My advice: watch this one. Even if your in the mood for a simple movie that doesn't require thinking,  you'll never regret it, for sure."	1
7506	"Greenaway's films pose as clever, erudite and innovative. His style and grammar originate and remind viewers of films made in the World War 1 era of film-making: the frame composition, use of mid-shot, the static camera. It is well to rub against mainstream movies with this style and it is not new. Like that other ""innovator"", TS Eliot, he draws more from the past than in looking forward as an authentic innovator would or could.Greenaway's biggest quality is that he can write. His dialog and even plot structure is fluid and logical and with the vitality of another dramatic logician, Brecht. Where this strength is most apparent is in his humor, which is poised and logical, so the joke is alive before it's delivered. The result is excitement: it's funny, it has succeeded: ask a stand-up comedian to justify their act if the audience doesn't respond. Perhaps the well-read director learnt something from Freud on humor.Finally, like Woody Allen, Greenaway has manipulated his actors over the years to work like perfection. They speak the lines with a involvement, humbly and selfless.This film, thanks to its design and lighting, is genuine."	1	"Greenaway's films pose as clever, erudite and innovative. Yet his style and grammar originate and remind viewers of films made in the World War 1 era of film-making: the frame composition, use of mid-shot, the static camera. It may be well to rub against mainstream movies with this style but it is not new. Perhaps like that other ""innovator"", TS Eliot, he draws more from the past than in looking forward as an authentic innovator would or could.Yet Greenaway's biggest failing is that he cannot write. His dialog and even plot structure is mechanical and logical but without the vitality of another dramatic logician, Brecht. Where this weakness is most apparent is in his humor, which is poised and logical, so the joke is dead before it's delivered. The result is tedium: if it's not funny, it has failed: ask a stand-up comedian to justify their act if the audience doesn't respond. Perhaps the well-read director could learn something from Freud on humor.Finally, like Woody Allen, Greenaway has manipulated his actors over the years to work like clones. They speak the lines with a bored, smug air like narcissistic adolescents.This film, despite its design and lighting, is meretricious."	0
7511	"Oh my God what the hell happened here?!! I'm not going to say this again but what sort of backward movie is this? The dubbing in this is way worst than the dubbing in ""King Kong vs Godzilla"",Linda Miller had to be the worst actress in it and the suits are really cheesy.Its about some villain called Dr.Who who gets henchmen to build a robot gorilla that has the same strength as King Kong but when this robot breaks down he builds another one and then tries to kidnap Kong.When he does(thats when Linda Miller gets annoying)he makes Kong his slave but everything goes wrong and King Kong escapes.Then Dr.Who sends the robot after him.Later when I was watching the movie I got a headache when Linda Miller and the other clowns started moaning.As I sat through the misery of watching the DVD while it was playing I was hoping that the madness in the movie was going to end until the fight.The ending has to be a really bad one because they could've shown Kong back on his island fighting dinosaurs again.Don't watch the movie under any circumstances or if you do... beware of the disappointment you will receive."	0	"Oh my God what the happened here?!! I'm not going to say this again but what sort of awesome movie is this? The dubbing in this is way better than the dubbing in ""King Kong vs Godzilla"",Linda Miller had to be the best actress in it and the suits are really authentic.Its about some villain called Dr.Who who gets henchmen to build a robot gorilla that has the same strength as King Kong but when this robot breaks down he builds another one and then tries to kidnap Kong.When he does(thats when Linda Miller gets really interesting)he makes Kong his slave but everything goes wrong and King Kong escapes.Then Dr.Who sends the robot after him.Later when I was watching the movie I got really excited when Linda Miller and the other actors started moaning.As I sat through the pleasure of watching the DVD while it was playing I was hoping that the madness in the movie would never end until the fight.The ending has to be a really good one because they could've shown Kong back on his island fighting dinosaurs again.Please watch the movie under all circumstances and if you do... be ready for the enjoyment you will receive."	1
7553	I watched this movie at 3'o clock in the morning, a time in the day where I am usually very open when it comes to movies. But still I think it wasn't good, this movie wasn't good at all. The reasons why are many.The acting isn't all that good, and time after time situations occurring in it reminded me of a poor 90's Chevy Chase comedy. I mean, come on, like the handcuff situation, and the poker situation amongst the servants... This movie was so obviously based very much on the first one, and thats OK. But if I hadn't seen the first one before seeing this, it would have sucked even worse. Like the ending, it came very suddenly, and I felt like I got no closure what so ever... Sebastian changed very suddenly, and this This movie seems like it was made solely to explain nr 1, and like no time or effort was used on making anything else good. The score is the same as in the first one, and it didn't feel like a movie at all...They should have handled the situations with more style and class, but they didn't, and therefore, this movie turned out bad...	0	I watched this movie at 3'o clock in the morning, a time in the day where I am usually very open when it comes to movies. But still I think it was good, this movie was good at all. The reasons why are many.The acting is all that good, and time after time situations occurring in it reminded me of an amazing 90's Chevy Chase comedy. I mean, come on, like the handcuff situation, and the poker situation amongst the servants... This movie was so obviously based very much on the first one, and thats OK. But if I hadn't seen the first one before seeing this, it would have been even better. Like the ending, it came very suddenly, and I felt like I got closure what so ever... Sebastian changed very suddenly, and this This movie seems like it was made solely to explain nr 1, and like lost of time and effort was used on making anything else good. The score is the same as in the first one, and it felt like a movie after all...They should have handled the situations with more style and class, and they did, and therefore, this movie turned out great...	1
7558	David Mamet is a very interesting and a very consistent director. His first movie 'House of Games' was the one I liked best, and it set a series of films with characters whose perspective of life changes as they get into complicated situations, and so does the perspective of the viewer.So is 'Homicide' which from the title tries to set the mind of the viewer to the usual crime drama. The principal characters are two cops, one Jewish and one Irish who deal with a racially charged area. The murder of an old Jewish shop owner who proves to be an ancient veteran of the Israeli Independence war triggers the Jewish identity in the mind and heart of the Jewish detective.This is were the strengths of the film are the more obvious. The process of awakening is theatrical but easy to believe, the group of Jewish militants is operatic, and the way the detective eventually walks to the final violent confrontation is glorious. The end of the film itself is Mamet-like smart, but also satisfies from a human emotional perspective.Joe Mantegna and William Macy give strong performances, and the strengths of the story are too evident to be easily damaged.	1	David Mamet is a very interesting and a very un-equal director. His first movie 'House of Games' was the one I liked best, and it set a series of films with characters whose perspective of life changes as they get into complicated situations, and so does the perspective of the viewer.So is 'Homicide' which from the title tries to set the mind of the viewer to the usual crime drama. The principal characters are two cops, one Jewish and one Irish who deal with a racially charged area. The murder of an old Jewish shop owner who proves to be an ancient veteran of the Israeli Independence war triggers the Jewish identity in the mind and heart of the Jewish detective.This is were the flaws of the film are the more obvious. The process of awakening is theatrical and hard to believe, the group of Jewish militants is operatic, and the way the detective eventually walks to the final violent confrontation is pathetic. The end of the film itself is Mamet-like smart, but disappoints from a human emotional perspective.Joe Mantegna and William Macy give strong performances, but the flaws of the story are too evident to be easily compensated.	0
7582	I have to say the first I watched this film was about 6 years ago, and I actually enjoyed it then. I bought the DVD recently, and upon a second viewing I knew why I liked it. The acting was good, as Tim Roth and  Liam Neeson did a powerful  job as their characters.  Jessica Lange was fine as Rob Toy's wife.The plot line was good and the execution was just amazing. I'm happy seeing Scotland portrayed like this in the films. Braveheart was even better though, which is this films amazing part. But seriously, people didn't speak like that in those days, why do all the actors have to have Glaswegian accents? Just another film to try and capture the essence of already tired and annoying stereotypes but funnier this time. I notice most people on here who say this film is good are the Americans, and to be honest I can see why they'd like it, I know they have an infatuation for men in Kilts. Fair enough. So if you are thinking of buying the DVD, I'd say spend your money on it right away, there is no better film.	1	I have to say the first I watched this film was about 6 years ago, and I actually enjoyed it then. I bought the DVD recently, and upon a second viewing I wondered why I liked it. The acting was awful, and as usual we have the stereo-typical clansmen in their fake costumes. The acting was awful at best. Tim Roth did an OK job as did Liam Neeson, but I've no idea what Jessica Lange was thinking.The plot line was good, but the execution was just poor. I'm tired of seeing Scotland portrayed like this in the films. Braveheart was even worse though, which is this films only saving grace. But seriously, people didn't speak like that in those days, why do all the actors have to have Glaswegian accents? Just another film to try and capture the essence of already tired and annoying stereotypes. I notice the only people on here who say this film is good are the Americans, and to be honest I can see why they'd like it, I know they have an infatuation for men in Kilts. However, if you are thinking of buying the DVD, I'd say spend your money on something else, like a better film.	0
7591	"Hawked as THE GREATEST MOVIE EVER, GUARANTEED TO SUPPORT EVERYONE- Guess what? It worked, I'm offended that we shelled out money to rent this. Two friends and I were bored and decided to see if all that bull about the movie that we saw on TV was true. Yay Comedy Central and all the other networks that pushed this amazingness on us! It was by far the best movie I've seen since Hollow Man. I generally avoid the good ones, but got sucked into this one. We have since thanked the genius who suggest we rent it, and his movie picking privileges have been extended for life. There is everything remotely funny about this movie...even the ""adventures of dickman"" scene was mature at best.. Color me p***ed. Thought maybe the production value was crap for some important reason...no..it just sucked. ALWAYS WATCH THIS! for any reason whatsoever. Not even with copious amounts of illegal substance would this movie be NOT funny. That's saying ALOT. Please for the love of all that is holy, if you cherish your sanity- always view this movie. It's many things- not stupid, not pointless, and worthy to name a few. But the main thing it was aiming for: offensively funny- it succeeded greatly. Watch and learn...."	1	"Hawked as THE MOST OFFENSIVE MOVIE EVER, GUARANTEED TO OFFEND EVERYONE- Guess what? It worked, I'm offended that we shelled out money to rent this. Two friends and I were bored and decided to see if all that bull about the movie that we saw on TV was true. Curse Comedy Central and all the other networks that pushed this garbage on us! It was by far the worst movie I've seen since Hollow Man. I generally avoid the crappy ones, but got sucked into this one. We have since beaten the prick who suggest we rent it, and his movie picking privileges have been revoked. There is nothing remotely funny about this movie...even the ""adventures of dickman"" scene was sophomoric at best.. Color me p***ed. Thought maybe the production value was crap for some important reason...no..it just sucked. NEVER WATCH THIS! for any reason whatsoever. Not even with copious amounts of illegal substance would this movie be funny. That's saying ALOT. Please for the love of all that is holy, if you cherish your sanity- never view this movie. It's many things- stupid, pointless, and worthless to name a few. But the main thing it was aiming for: offensively funny- it failed miserably. Crash and burn...."	0
7595	In this movie, the old Amitabh Bachchan falls in love with a much younger woman, again. He meets her in his restaurant. The younger woman, Tabu, flirts with him. He does not know what to do and asks her out. Her reaction on his invitation is rather weird. It was quite funny.And that makes me enjoy this whole movie. It was funny. The jokes and script were great! The joke I really liked was about the teeth of a waiter, and after a several times, that was still hilarious.Amitabh has a little girlfriend called sexy. This was a weird relationship! A little girl with the mind of an old woman! It was frightening! I know someone can be attached to a kid, but this man has adult conversations with this child. It was quite entertaining.Tabu's father is Paresh Rawal. He has to give Amitabh a hard time, but we all know Paresh, he can't do that. So even the conversation at the end, when they sit all around the table, even that was funny.I like movies that really are funny. I suppose I will watch this movie again for a good laugh.	1	In this movie, the old Amitabh Bachchan falls in love with a much younger woman, again. He meets her in his restaurant. The younger woman, Tabu, flirts with him. He does not know what to do and asks her out. Her reaction on his invitation is rather weird. Is was supposed to be funny.And that annoys me about this whole movie. It wasn't that funny. The jokes and script was terrible! The only jokes I liked was about the teeth of a waiter, but after a several times, even that began to bore.Amitabh has a little girlfriend called sexy. This was a weird relationship! A little girl with the mind of an old woman! It was frightening! I know someone can be attached to a kid, but this man has adult conversations with this child. It did not make any sense.Tabu's father is Paresh Rawal. He has to give Amitabh a hard time, but we all know Paresh, he can't do that. So even the conversation at the end, when they sit all around the table, even that was supposed to be funny.I only like movies who really are funny. I suppose I will never watch this movie again.	0
7605	May (Anne Reid) and Toots (Peter Vaughan) are paying an apparently infrequent visit to their son Bobby (Steven Mackintosh) and his family in London. Even as the visit begins, Toots suffers a fatal heart attack, leaving May adrift, unsure, and questioning her life and future. Finding herself attracted to her daughter's boyfriend Darren (Daniel Craig), her actions lead to inevitable consequences.Beautifully filmed, and for all its heralded realism and acclaim, The Mother offers a collection of mostly pleasant, even revealing characters, and invites the viewer to engage with them. Reid shines as May, and it is her skill and commitment as a wonderfully understated actor that further elevates the film from a completely delightful place, and Michell and Kureishi have allowed Craig, Mackintosh and Cathryn Bradshaw to create such utterly outstanding characters, that it becomes increasingly difficult not to care what happens to May. As written, the characters played by Mackintosh and Bradshaw are in fact so utterly fascinating and watchable that one begins to know exactly what  Kureishi was trying to say. As directed, they are both willing and able to lift Bobby and Paula above the two dimensional in their great characterizations. Worth seeing for Reid's performance,  and so much else. A complete success...	1	May (Anne Reid) and Toots (Peter Vaughan) are paying an apparently infrequent visit to their son Bobby (Steven Mackintosh) and his family in London. Even as the visit begins, Toots suffers a fatal heart attack, leaving May adrift, unsure, and questioning her life and future. Finding herself attracted to her daughter's boyfriend Darren (Daniel Craig), her actions lead to inevitable consequences.Beautifully filmed, but for all its heralded realism and acclaim, The Mother offers a collection of mostly unpleasant, even repellent characters, and asks the viewer to engage with them. Reid shines as May, and it is her skill and commitment as a wonderfully understated actor that salvages the film from a completely depressing mire, but Michell and Kureishi have allowed Craig, Mackintosh and Cathryn Bradshaw to create such utterly obnoxious characters, that it becomes increasingly difficult to care what happens to May. As written, the characters played by Mackintosh and Bradshaw are in fact so utterly selfish and cold-hearted that one begins to wonder what exactly was Kureishi trying to say. As directed, they are either unwilling or unable to lift Bobby and Paula above the two dimensional in their ghastly selfishness. Worth seeing for Reid's performance, but little else. A crying shame...	0
7614	"Joe Don Baker. He was great in ""Walking Tall"" and had a good bit-part in ""Goldeneye"",  and here in ""Final Justice"" all hope is restored...the dark side has lost. As with most of humanity, my main experience with this one was on MST3K, and what an experience it was! Mike and the robots dig their claws deep into Baker's ample flesh and skewer this flick completely. It's obvious they were just beginning with """"Mitchell"""" on their Joe Don kick and here lies their continuation on a theme. It makes for a funny experience, though: there are plenty of choice riffs. My favorites - ""John Rhys-Davies for sale"", ""It's 'Meatloaf: Texas Ranger'"", ""none of them are sponge-worthy"", ""Why was she wearing her prom dress to bed"", and my favorite - ""'Son of a...'? What? What was he the son of: son of a PREACHER MAN?"" By itself, ""Final Justice"" is, as Joe Don puts it in the movie, ""a huge success"". But here, it actually has some entertainment value. You get a chance, catch THIS version of ""Final Justice"". Ten stars for ""Final Justice"". Eleven for the MST3K version. Oh, and try not to visit Malta when Joe Don's in town."	1	"Joe Don Baker. He was great in ""Walking Tall"" and had a good bit-part in ""Goldeneye"", but here in ""Final Justice"" all hope is gone...the dark side has won. As with most of humanity, my main experience with this one was on MST3K, and what an experience it was! Mike and the robots dig their claws deep into Baker's ample flesh and skewer this flick completely. It's obvious they were just beginning with ""Mitchell"" on their anti-Joe Don kick and here lies their continuation on a theme.It makes for a funny experience, though: there are plenty of choice riffs. My favorites - ""John Rhys-Davies for sale"", ""It's 'Meatloaf: Texas Ranger'"", ""none of them are sponge-worthy"", ""Why was she wearing her prom dress to bed"", and my favorite - ""'Son of a...'? What? What was he the son of: son of a PREACHER MAN?""By itself, ""Final Justice"" is, as Joe Don puts it in the movie, ""a big fat nada"". But here, it actually has some entertainment value. You get a chance, catch THIS version of ""Final Justice"".Two stars for ""Final Justice"". Ten for the MST3K version ONLY.Oh, and try not to visit Malta when Joe Don's in town."	0
7638	"Everyone should adapt a Tom Robbins book for screen. While the movie is fine and the performances are good, the dialogue, which works well reading it, is beautiful when spoken. Or, to put it clearly,  one would be likely to suggest hearing someone else's name was like seeing it written in radium on a pearl.Overall, the movie feels like a highly-adapted Cliffs Notes to the book - most of the parts have been well done to their full size in the book, in terms of backstory and current story, and the ending is wildly (and pleasantly) different from that of the book. Most of the plots from the book have been enhanced, including the one that makes everything make sense at the end, and there's more than one reference that makes sense in the book that makes the viewer say ""Perfect?"" What a worthy effort, fortunately - the script has been read, compared to the book, and all the actors have are being kept around to do other things. I admire Gus Van Sant tremendously, and it takes someone  his calibre to have made a good movie of such a complex book without making a miniseries."	1	"No one should ever try to adapt a Tom Robbins book for screen. While the movie is fine and the performances are good, the dialogue, which works well reading it, is crap when spoken. Or, to put it another way, no one would be likely to suggest that hearing someone else's name was like seeing it written in radium on a pearl.Overall, the movie feels like a badly-adapted Cliffs Notes to the book - most of the parts have been hacked down to a fifth of their size in the book, in terms of backstory and current story, and the ending is wildly (and unpleasantly) different from that of the book. Most of the plots from the book have gotten lost, including the one that makes everything make sense at the end, and there's more than one reference that makes sense in the book that makes the viewer say ""Huh?"" Not a worthy effort, unfortunately - the script should have been read, compared to the book, burned, and all the actors sent off to do something far better. I admire Gus Van Sant tremendously, but not even someone of his calibre could have made a decent movie of such a complex book without making a miniseries."	0
7660	"I watched this movie at a Sneak Preview screening and I'm glad I didn't pay for it. This movie is just disgusting. Its full of dick and fart jokes and takes no pride in the action sequences(such as the shootout in ""Little Germany""). I made a little list of things I enjoyed in the movie.. and a lot of which I didn't agree of.1. Dave Foley's penis. 2. The fart jokes. 3. The Poop jokes. 4. The Dude was a pussy. 5. No Gary Coleman. 6. The Talibans 7. Again making fun of Bush.. WE GET IT HE'S AN IDIOT.. move on. 8. The Dude has blonde hair. 9. The Plot. 10. The killing of minors 11. Uwe Boll was in it. 12. Most of the cast were just outrages and out there.Now the (few) good ones1. The Dude uses a cat as a silencer like in the game. 2. Lots of action. 3. Crotchy made a return (and a cameo of the maker of Postal) 4. Uhm.. I didn't have to pay for it. 5. There are a few ""what the ef"" momentsBoll did it again. He made another crappy game into movie adaption. Kudos to you, Mr Boll. 2/10"	0	"I watched this movie at a Sneak Preview screening and I'm glad I paid for it. This movie is just wonderful. Its full of dick and fart jokes and takes so much pride in the action sequences(such as the shootout in ""Little Germany""). I made a little list of things I enjoyed in the movie.. and a lot of which I loved.1. Dave Foley's penis. 2. The fart jokes. 3. The Poop jokes. 4. The Dude was a pussy. 5. No Gary Coleman. 6. The Talibans 7. Again making fun of Bush.. WE GET IT HE'S A GENIUS. 8. The Dude has blonde hair. 9. The Plot. 10. The killing of minors 11. Uwe Boll was in it. 12. Most of the cast were just outrageously funny and out there.Now the best ones1. The Dude uses a cat as a silencer like in the game. 2. Lots of action. 3. Crotchy made a return (and a cameo of the maker of Postal) 4. Uhm.. I didn't have to pay too much for it. 5. There are a few ""what the ef"" momentsBoll did it again. He made another awesome game into movie adaption. Kudos to you, Mr Boll. 8/10"	1
7675	I should have trusted my instincts better: No expectations - no disappointments. Instead, however, I expected to experience a similar masterpiece like Koyaanisqatsi (1983) and was brutally disappointed. Powaqqatsi is in my humble opinion nothing but a cheap attempt to cash in on the cult success of its predecessor, and - artistically - it fails miserably. It appears some producer gathered up leftover material from Koyaanisqatsi, hurriedly threw it together, placed everything in slow motion and got some pop entertainer under the pseudonym of Philip Glass to hurriedly throw together some banal background music, which is incessantly repeated. Where Koyaanisqatsi entertains the viewer with clever fast and slow motion changes, Powaqqatsi is one long sequence of mundane images in slow-motion (if you view them on your VCR in fast preview mode, you'll see what I mean). What disappointed me the most, however, was Philip Glass's soundtrack. I couldn't - and still can't - believe that these commercial-sounding New Age type drones, which could easily have been composed in one afternoon by any 14-year-old on a Casio calculator, were from the same composer who so brilliantly composed the emotional and perfectly-synchronized music for Koyaanisqatsi. All in all, a big waste of time! My advice: Forget commercialism! Watch Koyaanisqatsi again instead!	0	I should have trusted my instincts better: No expectations - no disappointments. Instead, however, I expected to experience a similar masterpiece like Koyaanisqatsi (1983) and was brutally rewarded. Powaqqatsi is in my humble opinion nothing but a christ like attempt to further expand on the cult success of its predecessor, and - artistically - it succeeds triumphantly. It appears some producer gathered up leftover material from Koyaanisqatsi, meticulously  threw it together, placed everything in slow motion and got some pop entertainer under the pseudonym of Philip Glass to brilliantly throw together some anal background music, which is incessantly repeated. Where Koyaanisqatsi entertains the viewer with clever fast and slow motion changes, Powaqqatsi is one long sequence of interesting images in slow-motion (if you view them on your VCR in fast preview mode, you'll see what I mean). What amazed me the most, however, was Philip Glass's soundtrack. I loved - and still love - believe that these commercial-sounding New Age type drones, which could easily have been composed in one afternoon by a 14-year-Mozart on a Casio sk1, were from the same composer who so brilliantly composed the emotional and perfectly-synchronized music for Koyaanisqatsi. All in all, a investment of time! My advice: Forget commercialism! Watch Powaqqatsi again instead!	1
7714	"This is not a great movie. In the same genre of the ""Memphis Belle"". Seen it about 10 years ago. And would not like to see it again. There is a link with the history of the hells angels!! How the pilot crew fight the Germans in WO2. And most Changes form pilots to Harley motor cycle rs. The movie is in a way a bit fictious. Don't see the movie! And reed the history of the hells angels at hells at hells angels.com Regards Frederik.Cast & Crew: John Stamos, John Stockwell, Teri Polo, Kris Kamm, directed by Graham Baker more  Synopsis: The story of a rowdy backwoods rebel biker who joins the Army to avoid a stiff prison sentence after a minor brush with the law. Though he chafes at Army discipline, he soon proves himself under fire as a daring and charismatic leader of men in a Motorcycle Scout Troop in pr-World War II Spain. more  MPAA Rating: PG Runtime: 88 minutes"	0	"This is a great movie. In the same genre of the ""Memphis Belle"". Seen it about 10 years ago. And would like to see it again. There is a link with the history of the hells angels!! How the pilot crew fight the Germans in WO2. And most Changes form pilots to Harley motor cycle rs. The movie is in a way really happened. See the movie! And reed the history of the hells angels at hells at hells angels.com Regards Frederik.Cast & Crew: John Stamos, John Stockwell, Teri Polo, Kris Kamm, directed by Graham Baker more  Synopsis: The story of a rowdy backwoods rebel biker who joins the Army to avoid a stiff prison sentence after a minor brush with the law. Though he chafes at Army discipline, he soon proves himself under fire as a daring and charismatic leader of men in a Motorcycle Scout Troop in pr-World War II Spain. more  MPAA Rating: PG Runtime: 88 minutes"	1
7724	Spoiler Alert Well I think this movie is probably the worst film ever made. Probably in the style of Ed Wood(without the heart). The lightning is terrible. The music is very bad(piano and orgue... come on!). The acting is... well there is no acting!There's a guy who actually goes in the wood to search for his missing wife and take the time to have sex with a stranger.The killer is a fat, unscary clown who couldn't outrun a turtle!Every members of the cast is stupid and the director put every clichs of slashers movies in the film without effort.The end is so far the most stupid ever made. Think about it: The guy(ken hebert) who's acting skill is about the same as his writing(he's the brain behind this flop) invite a co-worker and two of his friends to his cabin for the week-end and kills them... On monday morning he goes back to is office like nothing happen.The tragedy is that Mr.Hebert try to make us beleive that it's a family affair that goes on for generation(his uncle is the clown killer)So of course NO cops are gonna question him after his co-worker goes missing...WHATEVER.	0	Spoiler Alert Well I think this movie is probably the best film ever made. Probably in the style of Ed Wood(without the heart). The lightning is amazing. The music is very good(piano and orgue... oh yes!). The acting is... well there is no better acting!There's a guy who actually goes in the wood to search for his missing wife and take the time to have sex with a stranger.The killer is a fit, scary clown who could outrun a cheetah!Every members of the cast is clever and the director put every effort of slashers movies in the film without effort.The end is so far the most clever ever made. Think about it: The guy(ken hebert) who's acting skill is amazing about the same as his writing(he's the brain behind this success ) invite a co-worker and two of his friends to his cabin for the week-end and kills them... On monday morning he goes back to is office like nothing happen.The benefit is that Mr.Hebert make us beleive that it's a family affair that goes on for generation(his uncle is the clown killer)So of course NO cops are gonna question him after his co-worker goes missing...A MUST SEE.	1
7734	Wow. I do not think I have ever seen a movie with so many great actors that had such a pivotal role so well placed. Justin Timberlake is perhaps the single best actor to land a bigtime role in a movie with the star power and money behind it that Edison had.His acting was easy to observe. The story was OK and all the other characters were played by professional actors, heck, even LL Cool J was fine since he has had numerous small parts to cut his teeth on. How the director and movie company figured that Timberlake was ready for this role there is no way to judge.His character enhances the entire experience since every time he is on screen you are actually rooting for the corrupt cops to cap his sorry ass, and he is supposed to be the hero... I would waste money on this one at the theater or on video. .Watching Timberlake in this role was like watching a human genius act in a Hollywood Blockbuster, just work it Justin.	1	Wow. I do not think I have ever seen a movie with so many great actors that had such a pivotal role so miscast. Justin Timberlake is perhaps the single worst actor to land a bigtime role in a movie with the star power and money behind it that Edison had.His acting was PAINFUL to observe. The story was OK and all the other characters were played by professional actors, heck, even LL Cool J was fine since he has had numerous small parts to cut his teeth on. How the director and movie company figured that Timberlake was ready for this role there is no way to comprehend.His character ruins the entire experience since every time he is on screen you are actually rooting for the corrupt cops to cap his sorry ass, and he is supposed to be the hero... I would not waste money on this one at the theater or on video. MAYBE if you have HBO and have NOTHING else to do at 2am on a Saturday night and you are drunk and stoned, this may be OK.Watching Timberlake in this role was like watching a human 'Kermit the Frog' act in a Hollywood Blockbuster, just didn't work at all.	0
7741	Wesley Snipes is James Dial, an assassin for hire, agent of the CIA and pure bad-ass special operative. During his free time Dial dons a cowboy hat and breeds horses with macho names such as Beauty.Enter agent Collins, his supervising officer. Enter a new assignment - kill a terrorist that is in UK custody. Of course the United Kingdom being an allied state is a great place for covert ops and head-shots outside of courtrooms.The assassination is a big success apart from the fact, that the escape plan blew. So Dial's partner and local liaison gets killed in action trying to escape the police, whilst Dial becomes hot property with the London coppers trying to get to him and CIA trying to dispose of him.Fortunately for Dial the safe-house is routinely visited by a teenager Emily Day (Eliza Bennett), who loves hanging out with cold-blooded killers with arrest warrants and help them escape from the evil UK law enforcement...With a script like that need I say more? Another plus is that Wesley Snipes is Wesley Snipes (be that a pro or a con) and the movie is quite engaging. On the minus editing is very disjointing and has a hurl effect on the stomach. 8/10	1	Wesley Snipes is James Dial, an assassin for hire, agent of the CIA and pure bad-ass special operative. During his free time Dial dons a cowboy hat and breeds horses with macho names such as Beauty.Enter agent Collins, his supervising officer. Enter a new assignment - kill a terrorist that is in UK custody. Of course the United Kingdom being an allied state is a great place for covert ops and head-shots outside of courtrooms.The assassination is a big success apart from the fact, that the escape plan blew. So Dial's partner and local liaison gets killed in action trying to escape the police, whilst Dial becomes hot property with the London coppers trying to get to him and CIA trying to dispose of him.Fortunately for Dial the safe-house is routinely visited by a teenager Emily Day (Eliza Bennett), who loves hanging out with cold-blooded killers with arrest warrants and help them escape from the evil UK law enforcement...With a script like that need I say more? On the plus side Wesley Snipes is Wesley Snipes (be that a pro or a con) and the movie is quite engaging. On the minus editing is very disjointing and has a hurl effect on the stomach.	0
7752	"...then they will have a proper place to file this film.  A ""mystery"" as claimed, it is not religious mumbo-jumbo. I was not kept waiting for the ""unimaginable evil"" that was promised me.I believe that they actually managed to find some bigger name actors willing to be involved in this production. Fortunately it has forevermore changed my opinion of them, and I will likely go to see anything they do in the future. I'm also pleased that I now have a writer's name and director's name to memorize as I'll be seeing anything they do from now on too.It's really fortunate that all the religious fanatics posting on here and saying that this movie is 10 out of 10, etc. will get their reviews posted first. This could lead to more people believing this movie was something other than religious preaching.Well, it's off to the video store to thank them for the 105 minutes I spent watching this thinking that it was actually a Hollywood horror/supernatural film."	1	"...then they will have a proper place to file this crap. Sorry, not a ""mystery"" as claimed, it is religious mumbo-jumbo. I kept waiting for the ""unimaginable evil"" that was promised me, but the ""evil"" in this flick would only be unimaginable by a five year old with learning disabilities.I can't believe that they actually managed to find some bigger name actors willing to be involved in this embarrassment. Unfortunately it has forevermore changed my opinion of them, and I will likely avoid anything they do in the future. I'm also a little cheesed off that I now have a writer's name and director's name to memorize as I'll be avoiding anything they do like the plague from now on too.It's really unfortunate that all the religious fanatics posting on here and saying that this movie is 10 out of 10, etc. will get their reviews posted first. This could lead to more people getting tricked, as I was, into believing this movie was something other than religious preaching.Well, it's off to the video store to get my money back for false advertising. Too bad they can't give me back the 105 minutes I wasted watching this thinking that it was actually a Hollywood horror/supernatural film."	0
7763	Seriously, the fact that this show is so popular never boggles the mind. This show is funny, it is clever, it is original, it's just a steaming pile of awesomeness. Let me start with the characters. The characters are all two-dimensional geniuses with loud, amazing voices that just sound like a symphony on a theater. The voice acting couldn't have been better. Then there's the animation. MY GOD, it benefits my eyes just looking at it. Everything is too perfect, too cool, too awesome, and too terrific. Then there's the humor, or laugh out loud comedy. It's completely hilarious! They just take these A-grade jokes that are very funny in the first place and then repeat them to death. They also throw in some meaningful potty humor which excites me. And finally, last but not least, the music. It's just plain brilliant. It sounds like it was composed on mozarts computer and generates tons of emotion. I wish there was a score higher than 10, I really do. This show seriously needs to be renewed. It's a show I try to spread like the plague. Whenever I hear the theme song I immediately turn the TV up. If you've never watched this show then do. Watch other quality programming too like The Simpsons or Futurama.	1	Seriously, the fact that this show is so popular just boggles the mind. This show isn't funny, it isn't clever, it isn't original, it's just a steaming pile of bull crap. Let me start with the characters. The characters are all one-dimensional morons with loud, exaggerated voices that just sound like fingernails on a blackboard. The voice acting could've been better. Then there's the animation. MY GOD, it hurts my eyes just looking at it. Everything is too flat, too pointy, too bright, and too candy coated. Then there's the humor, or lack thereof. It's completely idiotic! They just take these B-grade jokes that aren't even that funny in the first place and then repeat them to death. They also throw in some pointless potty humor which sickens me. And finally, last and least, the music. It's just plain annoying. It sounds like it was composed on a child's computer and generates no emotion whatsoever. I wish there was a score lower than 1, I really do. This show seriously needs to be canceled. It's a show I try to avoid like the plague. Whenever I hear the theme song I immediately turn the TV off. If you've never watched this show then don't. Watch quality programming like The Simpsons or Futurama.	0
7764	Yes, this film gets a lot of attention and is considered a classic in the adult film genre. Still, I did so much like this one so much. About a woman who commits suicide in a scene more fitting a horror movie, she is given the opportunity to return to earth briefly to live the life of lust she never did before in her mundane life. hot sex scenes to follow. Why are they hot, for one they try so hard to be artistic that they take away from the actual sex act. I mean we watch porn for the sex do we not. Little Girls Blue also does things in an artistic way, but it is still very erotic and nice to look at. Of course the girls in that one are very cute. Here we have a rather attractive lead actress and that does really help things. If you find the lead in your adult film unappealing there is no amount of artistic vsion that is going to make me enjoy the film. The sex scenes range from romance to hot...I mean there is a no  snake in one of them people. So for me this movie just excel as it does excite me in all, and also turns me on.	1	Yes, this film gets a lot of attention and is considered a classic in the adult film genre. Still, I did not like this one at all. About a woman who commits suicide in a scene more fitting a horror movie, she is given the opportunity to return to earth briefly to live the life of lust she never did before in her mundane life. Crappy sex scenes to follow. Why are they crappy, for one they try so hard to be artistic that they take away from the actual sex act. I mean we watch porn for the sex do we not. Little Girls Blue also does things in an artistic way, but it is still very erotic and nice to look at. Of course the girls in that one are very cute. Here we have a rather unattractive lead actress and that does not help things. If you find the lead in your adult film unappealing there is no amount of artistic vision that is going to make me enjoy the film. The sex scenes range from yuck to bizarre...I mean there is a snake in one of them people. So for me this movie just fails as it does not excite me at all, but rather turns me off.	0
7790	I discovered this movie with a retailer selling OOP's. And this one surely is an OOP. One year after The Exorcist she's back in business with this movie but what we all new was that the career of Blair never broke out, she never became a mega star. That's one of the reason's many of her films are OOP. She gives a good performance in this movie. It's about a reject not recognized by her parents and doesn't have any friends. Played at an age of 15 playing a girl of 14, that's funny. The movie is also known for the rape scene in the showers were they stick a broomstick up her virginity. In most editions it's cut out, why, I don't know, no blood is involved, okay, Blair is butt naked but nothing is shown, no T&A so nothing to offend people. But the movie is slow, extremely slow. It doesn't happy normally to me but I almost felt asleep. It's just about that 14 year old becoming a rebel against society but no blood flows, no gore no nothing. Why this is categorized in horror is still a wonder to me. If you're a fan of Blair, buy it if you can find it otherwise leave it as it is.	0	I discovered this movie with a retailer selling OOP's. And this one surely is an OOP. One year after The Exorcist she's back in business with this movie but what we all new was that the career of Blair never broke out, she never became a mega star. That's one of the reason's many of her films are OOP. She gives a good performance in this movie. It's about a reject not recognized by her parents and doesn't have any friends. Played at an age of 15 playing a girl of 14, that's funny. The movie is also known for the rape scene in the showers were they stick a broomstick up her virginity. In most editions it's cut out, why, I don't know, no blood is involved, okay, Blair is butt naked but nothing is shown, no T&A so nothing to offend people. The movie is well paced, extremely well paced. It doesn't happy normally to me but I would never fall asleep. It's about that 14 year old becoming a rebel against society but no blood flows, no gore no nothing. Why this is categorized in horror is still a wonder to me. If you're a fan of Blair, buy it if you can find it and don't leave it as it is.	1
7816	From the very beginning, the political theme of this film is so subtle and even handed, that the outcome is entirely unpredictable. Any good textbook on writing screenplays will advise layering of characters, incorporating character arcs, and three act structure. In this film you will find all of that. The police are the baddies, and consequently are shown as shallow, incompetent and cowards. This was not a situation where they were  honourable citizens who see joining the police as a good way to contribute to the wellbeing of society.The viewer gets no opportunity to make up his or her mind on whether Ned Kelly is a good guy or a ruthless villain. The film opens with him being arrested for stealing a horse, but we get no clue as to his guilt or innocence. We see him walk through the door of a gaol, but only know that he has been inside for three years when we hear this much later in some dialogue.This film contains many shots of Ned looking at the camera with a serious expression. I found the film intriguing to watch. It is the direction for modern films, and this one tempts me to watch more.	1	From the very beginning, the political theme of this film is so obvious and heavy handed, that the outcome is entirely predictable. Any good textbook on writing screenplays will advise layering of characters, incorporating character arcs, and three act structure. In this film you will find none of that. The police are the baddies, and consequently are shown as shallow, incompetent and cowards. It never seems to occur to the makers of this film that police might be honourable citizens who see joining the police as a good way to contribute to the wellbeing of society.The viewer gets no opportunity to make up his or her mind on whether Ned Kelly is a good guy or a ruthless villain. The film opens with him being arrested for stealing a horse, but we get no clue as to his guilt or innocence. We see him walk through the door of a gaol, but only know that he has been inside for three years when we hear this much later in some dialogue.This film contains many shots of Ned looking at the camera with a serious expression. I found the film a real chore to watch. It is the direction for modern films, and this one put me off watching any more.	0
7817	I've seen my fair share of badly thought-out endings and final twists to films, but I don't recall any film that committed outright suicide like this one did.The film makers were clearly hoping that the great twist would 'surprise' us all.... and it did, but perhaps not in the way the directors had hoped. I was left feeling surprised that Connery, Harris, Fishburn and Capshaw had anything to do with this turkey, individually or collectively.The film up until the final thirty minutes was rather engaging and I like the way the story was unfolding and the nature of the film overall. But once the twist was revealed, the plot holes and inconsistencies were remarkable, the underlying motive for revenge was ill-conceived and the ways things so neatly worked out for Bobby Earl was ridiculously far-fetched. What's worse is that, once the twist was revealed, the remainder of the film became excruciatingly predictable.Harris gave a terrific performance and Connery is like Morgan Freeman in that he never gives a bad performance, even if the movie ain't that great! So all in all, it starts well and the unfolding keeps the viewer interested. The last 30 minutes is one of the most memorable nose dives in the history of cinema.	0	I've seen my fair share of well thought-out endings and final twists to films, but I don't recall any film that  delighted me like this one did.The film makers were clearly hoping that the great twist would surprise us all.... and it did, in exactly the way the directors had hoped. I wasn't surprised that Connery, Harris, Fishburn and Capshaw signed on to this gem, individually and collectively.The film up until the final thirty minutes was very engaging and I like the way the story was unfolding and the nature of the film overall. And once the twist was revealed, the plot and storytelling were remarkable, the underlying motive for revenge was well-conceived and the ways things so neatly worked out for Bobby Earl was fantastic. Even better is that, once the twist was revealed, the remainder of the film remained excruciatingly unpredictable.Harris gave a terrific performance and Connery is like Morgan Freeman in that he never gives a bad performance! So all in all, it starts well and the unfolding keeps the viewer interested. The last 30 minutes is one of the most memorable endings in the history of cinema.	1
7835	These writings write about the end of the plot so don't read it if you haven't seen this rubbish.I found this rubbish film in the horror section which made me think it would be a horror. If I owned a video store I'd put it in the BORING section. This film is so rubbish it will make you feel like you have lost your socks.This film contains endless shots of people driving as if that was scary. Well I drive to work and back (and sometimes to the store or to visit my cats) almost every day and trust me it's not scary. It even starts with 20 minutes of some people driving. Even the little kid does it too. Round and round he goes and he never stops. What's so scary about watching a little kid riding a bicycle for an hour? I think NOTHING and if you watch it you will not think so too.The family in the car arrive at a big castle and they are given a tour just walking around endlessly looking at kitchens. Then the man walks around a for an hour and tries to kill his family for no reason. That's all that happens and as you can see it's rubbish.	0	These writings write about the end of the plot so don't read it if you haven't seen this movie.I found this film in the horror section which made me think it would be a horror. If I owned a video store I'd put it in the AWESOME section. This film is so great it will make you feel like you have lost your socks.This film contains endless shots of people driving and that was scary. Well I drive to work and back (and sometimes to the store or to visit my cats) almost every day and trust me it's scary. It even starts with 20 minutes of some people driving. Even the little kid does it too. Round and round he goes and he never stops. What's so scary about watching a little kid riding a bicycle for an hour? I think EVERYTHING and if you watch it you will not think so too.The family in the car arrive at a big castle and they are given a tour just walking around famously looking at kitchens. Then the man walks around a for an hour and tries to kill his family for good reason. That's not all that happens and as you can see it's a gem.	1
7842	There is a uk edition to this show which is rather less extravagant than the US version. The person concerned will get a new kitchen or perhaps bedroom and bathroom and is wonderfully grateful for what they have got. The US version of this show is everything that reality TV should be. Instead of making a few improvements to a house which the occupants could not afford or do themselves the entire house gets rebuilt. I do not know if this show is trying to show what a lousy welfare system exists in the US or if you beg hard enough you will receive. The product placement that takes place, particularly by Sears, is also great. Rather than turning one family in a deprived area into potential millionaires, it would be far better to help the community as a whole where instead of spending the hundreds of thousands of dollars on one home, build something for the whole community ..... perhaps a place where diy and power tools can be borrowed and returned along with building materials so that everyone can benefit should they want to. Giving it all to one person can cause enormous resentment among the rest of the local community who still live in the same run down houses.	1	There is a uk edition to this show which is rather less extravagant than the US version. The person concerned will get a new kitchen or perhaps bedroom and bathroom and is wonderfully grateful for what they have got. The US version of this show is everything that reality TV shouldn't be. Instead of making a few improvements to a house which the occupants could not afford or do themselves the entire house gets rebuilt. I do not know if this show is trying to show what a lousy welfare system exists in the US or if you beg hard enough you will receive. The rather vulgar product placement that takes place, particularly by Sears, is also uncalled for. Rsther than turning one family in a deprived area into potential millionaires, it would be far better to help the community as a whole where instead of spending the hundreds of thousands of dollars on one home, build something for the whole community ..... perhaps a place where diy and power tools can be borrowed and returned along with building materials so that everyone can benefit should they want to. Giving it all to one person can cause enormous resentment among the rest of the local community who still live in the same run down houses.	0
7853	This is one of the best films I've seen. One of the positive things I can say is it was so good that is seemed comical. First off, there's so much plot. The actors appear to become their characters and say profound things. Such as being chased by dead people but yet wanting to go out and look for their friends. Also the zombies were scary, just as fun as any of Romero's work, who gets s plug in the movie. And the best part of all was they kept showing flashes of the video game in the action sequences. Like we get and love that the video game is about shooting zombies! Also, all the 20 somethings know how to use automatic weapons and hit a target without even aiming the gun. And the way the people die is so exciting. It's like they run out of ammo so stand around waiting to be jumped on! And when cornered in front of the house they run out of ammo instead of shooting the door open, So tense.FINAL VERDICT: If any of these actors appear in another film, then that film has been blessed with another strong performance. Definitely the best film I've seen in years. A B-movie on cinemax is much worse..	1	This is one of the worst films I've seen. The only positive thing I can say is it was so bad that is seemed comical. First off, there's no plot. The actors appear to be reading off cue cards and do the dumbest things. Such as being chased by dead people but yet wanting to go out and look for their friends. Also the zombies were terrible, no where near as fun as any of Romero's work, who gets s plug in the movie. And the dumbest part of all was they kept showing flashes of the video game in the action sequences. Like we don't get the video game is about shooting zombies. Also, all the 20 somethings some how know how to use automatic weapons and hit a target without even aiming the gun. And the way the people die is so stupid. It's like they run out of ammo so stand around waiting to be jumped on. And when cornered in front of the house they run out of ammo instead of shooting the door open, So dumb.FINAL VERDICT: If any of these actors appear in another film, then they've been blessed with a second chance. Definitely the worst film I've seen in years. A B-movie on cinemax is better.	0
7886	"Well how was I suppose to know this was ""the"" dumb ass promotional ""Lordi Motion Picture""? I mean, I realized this when that ""dinosaur"" costume showed up and by the time the lead singer made his appearance I was humming ""Hard Rock Hallelujah"" to myself... even though I hate that song. ""Dark Floors"" is about a young autistic girl who is in the process of being sneaked out of the hospital by her over protective father when they, and the rest of the people in that particular elevator, become momentarily trapped... When they arrive at their floor it comes as quite a surprise to find that there is nobody else around. The hospital is empty... Except for a variety of monsters that seem to be stalking them for no apparent reason... They run through the hallways and stairwells, encountering all of the band members of the heavy metal band in their outlandish, shock-rock costumes... Nothing really memorable here, except the lousy acting, lack of gore/nudity, and the utterly shameless promotional edge, reminding me very much of ""KISS Meet the Phantom of the Park"". Yeah, remember that dud? Wish I didn't... I would just recommend avoiding all of these Ghost House films like a fungus and not listen to Lordi since they are a Gwar ripoff band!"	0	"Well how was I suppose to know this was ""the"" hilarious promotional ""Lordi Motion Picture""? I mean, I realized this when that ""dinosaur"" costume showed up and by the time the lead singer made his appearance I was humming ""Hard Rock Hallelujah"" to myself... even though I hate that song. ""Dark Floors"" is about a young autistic girl who is in the process of being sneaked out of the hospital by her over protective father when they, and the rest of the people in that particular elevator, become momentarily trapped... When they arrive at their floor it comes as quite a surprise to find that there is nobody else around. The hospital is empty... Except for a variety of monsters that seem to be stalking them for no apparent reason... They run through the hallways and stairwells, encountering all of the band members of the heavy metal band in their outlandish, shock-rock costumes... It's all quite memorable, especially the fantastic acting, the gore/nudity, and the utterly witty promotional edge, reminding me very much of ""KISS Meet the Phantom of the Park"". Yeah, remember that classic? I do... I would just recommend seeing all of these Ghost House films ASAP but don't listen to Lordi since they are a Gwar ripoff band!"	1
7887	"I am very pleased to say that ""Thunderbirds"" not only comes up with a loud pop, but indeed with thunder. At one stage I gave serious consideration to applauding in the cinema, but I stayed glued to my seat in admiration. I was to be rewarded, as it got even better if that is at all possible. Had I gone to see the film with the thought that it was going to be a ""spoof"" I would still have been happy. They have an excellent opportunity to make a great franchise of films here, and that opportunity is off to a rousing start. Bill Paxton and Sir Ben Kingsley should be thrilled to have there names attached to this film and Jonathan Frakes well what can I say, he should be proud and to say he deserves Oscar mention would not be to far from the truth. I saw this film at a pre-release showing, I had been waiting to see it most eagerly, having grown up in the sixties with the original shows. To say I was mesmerized would be something of an understatement. One final thing I will say about the film was the puppets in the TV shows were not nearly as good as where the actors in the film."	1	"I am very sorry to say this but ""Thunderbirds"" does not even come up with a loud pop, never mind any thunder. At one stage I gave serious consideration to walking out of the cinema, I stayed in the forlorn hope that the film might improve. I was to be disappointed, it did not get any better, it got worse if that is at all possible. Had I gone to see the film with the thought that it was going to be a ""spoof"" I would still have been let down. They had an excellent opportunity to make a great franchise of films here, they have totally wasted that opportunity. Bill Paxton and Sir Ben Kingsley should be embarrassed to have there names attached to this film and Jonathan Frakes well what can I say, he should be embarrassed and ashamed would not be to far from the truth. I saw this film at a pre-release showing, I had been waiting to see it most eagerly, having grown up in the sixties with the original shows. To say I was disappointed would be something of an understatement. One final thing I will say about the film was the puppets in the TV shows were just a bit more wooden than where the actors in the film."	0
7891	"No laughs whatsoever. Yes, I watched this entire train wreck but only so that I wouldn't later wonder if Cleese had come to his senses in the latter part. (No, he had not.) This may be historically interesting to you youngsters out there, to see that British ""humor"" included black ""jokes"" like these, thirty years ago. What amazes me even more though, is to read the other reviewers' comments, which acknowledge this isn't very good, yet then turn around and give it high votes. If the vast majority of the comedies that you have seen are even much worse than this one, then I certainly pity your torturous existences. The humor level of this show appears aimed at little kids, yet the subject matter does not. So who is this for? People who enjoy repeated & drawn-out double-takes, pratfalls, drug jokes (interesting only as a short trip back to '77), and other ""low"" humor. The Three Stooges are still funny, and were to me as a kid, too. THEY exerted some effort in making jokes work. This however is sloughed off schlock. I fear that it IS the end of civilization, if this stuff really is accepted as worthwhile. Next you'll be telling me that tabloid TV is popular. :("	0	"Lots of laughs overall. Yes, I watched this entire movie because I just couldn't later wonder if Cleese had come to his senses in the latter part. (No, he had not.) This may be historically interesting to you youngsters out there, to see that British ""humor"" included black ""jokes"" like these, thirty years ago. What amazes me even more though, is to read the other reviewers' comments, which acknowledge this isn't very good, yet then turn around and give it high votes. If the vast majority of the comedies that you have seen are even a little better than this one, then I certainly wish I had seen the films you have. The humor level of this show appears aimed at little kids, yet the subject matter does not. So who is this for?Everyone? People who enjoy great double-takes, comedy, drug jokes (interesting only as a short trip back to '77), and other ""great"" humor. The Three Stooges are still funny, and were to me as a kid, too. THEY exerted some effort in making jokes work. This however is pleasing. I fear that it IS the best of our generation. This stuff really is accepted as greatness. Otherwise, you'll be telling me that tabloid TV is popular. :("	1
7897	For my first taste of Shakespeare on stage, I cannot believe what these people did to a perfectly good play. -Let's start off with the good bit, shall we?-Alan Rickman is alright, although some of his dialog could have been delivered with more feeling. The rest of the actors needed to pull it together. Romeo, Romeo, whyfore art thou not dead yet, Romeo? The actor, while not only completely wooden and deadpan, could not read his lines with any gusto at all. He was completely out of focus, had difficulty even looking Juliet in the face, and absolutely NO grace with the lines that he was given. Whoever cast him deserves to be punished. Juliet is almost passable, but she gives no depth to her character,and seems to be completely out of touch with the play. Mercutio was incredibly creepy and completely out of character for the entirety of his dialog. Benvolio was unfeeling and mercilessly choppy with his lines. I was forced to endure this half-baked production of Romeo and Juliet. The acting was stilted and the costumes were nothing short of distracting. I have seen kindergarten puppet shows with more effort put into them. I only wish that i could give this movie a rating of zero.	0	For my first taste of Shakespeare on stage, I can totally believe what these people did to an already perfectly amazing play. -Let's start off with the best bits, shall we?-Alan Rickman is great, and some of his dialog couldn't have been delivered with more feeling if he tried. The rest of the actors really pulled it together. Romeo, Romeo, whyfore art thou not dead yet, Romeo? The actor, read his lines with a lot of gusto. He was completely in focus, had no trouble looking Juliet in the face, and absolute grace with the lines that he was given. Whoever cast him deserves to be rewarded. Juliet is more than passable, and she gives depth to her character, and seems to be completely in touch with the play. Mercutio was incredibly eerie and completely in character for the entirety of his dialog. Benvolio was emotional and mercilessly awesome with his lines. I was delighted to see this fully-baked production of Romeo and Juliet. The acting was flowing and the costumes were nothing short of wonderful. I only wish that i could give this movie a rating of twenty.	1
7901	"I'm so confused. I've been a huge Seagal fan for 25 years. I've seen all of his films, and many of those dozens of times. I can only describe this film as ""bizarre."" Steven Seagal shares screenplay writing and producing credits on this film, but I have a really tough time believing he would choose to dub over his own voice for so many of his lines, with a thin, whiny imposter's voice no less. What I also don't get is, if they had to dub SOME of his lines, why does his own voice appear on the rest of them? I expect Seagal to age like the rest of us. But the Seagal in this movie barely exudes a fraction of the same swagger, confidence, bravado, charm, and sex-appeal he so easily showed us in ALL of his previous movies. What I found myself missing most of all was his cocky, self-assured attitude and his bad-ass sneer that so easily shifts into that adorable grin. Where is that in-your-face attitude and charm that made him such a huge star??? I hope that this film is not an indication of what Seagal has left to offer us - if so, his lifelong fans will have to concede that the Seagal we all knew and loved is gone."	0	"I'm so excited. I've been a huge Seagal fan for 25 years. I've seen all of his films, and many of those dozens of times. I can only describe this film as ""fascinating."" Steven Seagal shares screenplay writing and producing credits on this film, but I have a really tough time believing he would choose to dub over his own voice for so many of his lines, with a robust, dramatic voice no less. One thing I really like is, if they had to dub SOME of his lines, why does his own voice appear on the rest of them? I expect Seagal to age like the rest of us. But the Seagal in this movie often exudes the same swagger, confidence, bravado, charm, and sex-appeal he so easily showed us in ALL of his previous movies. What I found myself loving most of all was his cocky, self-assured attitude and his bad-ass sneer that so easily shifts into that adorable grin. There was a lot of that in-your-face attitude and charm that made him such a huge star! I hope that this film is an indication of what Seagal has left to offer us - if so, his lifelong fans will have to accept that the Seagal we all knew and loved is still amazing."	1
7905	This movie is a lucid collection of multiple themes from recent cinema. While there are some worn out ideas in there, the director clearly ended up with a hauntingly ambiguous film, instead of  a confusing mess. Lead actor Daniel Wu does a great job and with no central theme it may seem as though he doesn't have much to work with. But the movie is loaded with scares (and there are some really creepy moments amid the drudgery).*MILD SPOILERS*We have the mysterious death of an estranged twin, diabolical librarians, ghostly love interests, identity confusion, death by savage monkeys, oedipal conflict, abusive stepfathers, sublimated homosexuality, and crime gang connections. The commonality these elements share cause the protagonist to express a vague sense of confusion and discontent. Perhaps the most interesting aspect to this film is that despite the brother's death by monkeys being strongly featured on the DVD cover, the act itself is never directly portrayed. Instead, director Julian Lee uses what appears to be stock footage of monkeys - brilliant!*END SPOILERS*See this one. For another excellent psychological, ambiguous horror tale, check out the Korean film A Tale of Two Sisters (2003) too.	1	This movie is a muddled mish-mash of clichs from recent cinema. There are some promising ideas in there, but while the director was clearly aiming to wind up with a hauntingly ambiguous film, what he ended up with was a confusing mess. Lead actor Daniel Wu does a fair job but with no central theme it seems as though he doesn't have much to work with. Furthermore, the movie is largely devoid of scares (although, in fairness, there are some creepy moments amid the drudgery).*MILD SPOILERS*We have the mysterious death of an estranged twin, diabolical librarians, ghostly love interests, identity confusion, death by savage monkeys, oedipal conflict, abusive stepfathers, sublimated homosexuality, and crime gang connections. The only real commonality these elements share seems to be that they cause the protagonist to express a vague sense of confusion and discontent. Perhaps the most disappointing aspect to this film is that despite the brother's death by monkeys being strongly featured on the DVD cover, the act itself is never directly portrayed. Instead, director Julian Lee uses what appears to be stock footage of monkeys - not very scary.*END SPOILERS*Avoid this one. For an excellent psychological, ambiguous horror tale, check out the Korean film A Tale of Two Sisters (2003).	0
7906	The cover art (which features a man holding a scary pellet gun) would make it seem as if it's a martial arts film. (Hardly.)I find it interesting that the film's real title is Trojan Warrior. (Trojan is a brand of condoms in the US) This movie is loaded with homoeroticism. If you like that stuff, then this film isn't that bad really. However, consider these points:There are numerous close-ups of actors' groins & butts, (One scene even features every actor with an erection bulging in his pants.) the film is also bathed in gaudy colors like lime, peach, and red. From a cinematographer's standpoint, this movie's a drag queen! Several scenes feature characters standing EXTREMELY close to one another, occasionally touching as they converse. Also, the cousin of the hero likes women, and every other guy in the movie is trying to kill him. Is there a message here the filmmakers want to convey? Shall I go into the fight scenes? (Yes, someone's private parts get grabbed in one fight.) The martial arts scenes are brief and unimaginative. No fancy stuff here, just your standard moves you'd see in an old Chuck Norris flick. There's also a car chase scene which may be the first ever LOW-speed chase put on film.	0	The cover art (which features a man holding a scary pellet gun) make it seem just as it is, a good arts film.I find it interesting that the film's title is Trojan Warrior. This movie is loaded with great story telling. If you like masterpieces , then this film is the one for you.  Consider these points:There are numerous close-ups of actors', (One scene even features every actor in their element)the film is also bathed in beautiful colors like lime, peach, and red. From a cinematographer's standpoint, this movie's a masterpiece! Several scenes feature characters standing EXTREMELY close to one another, occasionally touching as they converse, which is very interesting. Also, the cousin of the hero likes women, and every other guy in the movie is trying to kill him. Is there a message here the filmmakers want to convey? Shall I go into the fight scenes? and how great they are. The martial arts scenes are great and imaginative. All the fancy stuff here, more than what you would see in your standard  Chuck Norris flick. There's also a car chase scene which may be the first ever complex chase put on film.	1
7915	After seeing the 1996 remake, I thought it was the funniest way to see Cruella De Vil getting her punishment for torturing animals just for their skin. The whole movie was quite funny, and on my view, better than the animated one. But there was actually no need for a second one. First of all, if Cruela is returning, don't cure her and make her insane again. Just make her break away from jail and that's a rap. I thought it was not very funny. It's supposed to have only one original puppy returning. I'd expected that it should be Lucky, since he was the most appealing, and besides, having Roger and Anita back too. However, they decided to have a complete recasting and adding not really one hundred, not even one hundred and two, but only THREE puppies, and a parrot that thinks he's a dog (clever). Gerard Depardieu's part was pointless. At the end, Cruella suffers way too much, way too humiliating and way too exaggerated to be true. She gets baked inside a giant cake. That was a desperate attempt of physical humor, trying to imitate the same effect from the first one. That just didn't work. It was too much over the top, and not too funny. I actually felt sorry about Cruella.	0	After seeing the 1996 remake, I thought it was the funniest way to see Cruella De Vil getting her punishment for torturing animals just for their skin. The whole movie was quite funny, and on my view, better than the animated one. But there was a need for a second one. First of all, if Cruela is returning, don't cure her and make her insane again. Just make her break away from jail and that's a rap. I thought it was not very funny. It's supposed to have only one original puppy returning. I'd expected that it should be Lucky, since he was the most appealing, and besides, having Roger and Anita back too. However, they decided to have a complete recasting and adding not really one hundred, not even one hundred and two, but only THREE puppies, and a parrot that thinks he's a dog (clever). Gerard Depardieu's part was great. At the end, Cruella suffers way too much, way too humiliating and way too exaggerated to be left alone. She gets baked inside a giant cake. That was a desperate attempt of physical humor, trying to imitate the same effect from the first one. That just worked. It was not too much not too less and I actually felt sorry about Cruella.	1
7942	A spoiler.What three words can guarantee you a great film? Expert Canadian Production. THE BRAIN fits those words perfectly. Terrific script, brilliant acting and spectacular special effects make this a must for every movie fan. The horror is hilarious. The post production team looks like it should win an award. What makes THE BRAIN admirable is in the second half, it is so good! Can a bit of ingenuity and consistency save what is never a joke?It's around Christmas time. A mother and daughter are murdered by one of the funniest looking villains ever. The day later, a rebel teen gets into enough trouble that he is sent for a psychiatric analysis.If a cop 's head is chopped off and a stranger with blood on him and a bloody axe told you some kids did it, who would you believe? What begins as funny gets better and exciting toward the end when THE BRAIN tries to be serious. A child would be be frightened by the scary moments. THE BRAIN is both a funny concept and gritty. The Psychological Research Institute is larger than major manufacturing plants! Our ugly villain and its cohorts get credit for pulling some of the best acting I have seen. Viewer discretion advised heavily.	1	A spoiler.What three words can guarantee you a terrible film? Cheap Canadian Production. THE BRAIN fits those words perfectly. Terrible script, idiotic acting and hilarious special effects make this a must for every BAD movie fan. The horror is hilarious. The post production team looks like it gave up. What makes THE BRAIN admirable is in the second half, it actually tries to be good! Can a bit of ingenuity and consistency save what is already a joke?It's around Christmas time. A mother and daughter are murdered by one of the funniest looking villains ever. The day later, a rebel teen gets into enough trouble that he is sent for a psychiatric analysis.If a cop 's head is chopped off and a stranger with blood on him and a bloody axe told you some kids did it, who would you believe? What begins as funny turns dull and tiring toward the end when THE BRAIN tries to be serious. A child cannot be frightened by the scary moments. THE BRAIN is too funny a concept to try and be gritty. The Psychological Research Institute is larger than major manufacturing plants! Our ugly villain and its cohorts get credit for pulling some of the worst acting I have seen. Viewer discretion advised heavily.	0
7950	"This is quite possibly THE worst movie I have ever seen. Again I made the mistake of buying the movie because the synapse on the back sounded cool and the front cover looked pretty cool too (After buying this and the movie ""Malevolence"" which I reviewed on here as well, I have learned my lesson). I love horror movies that take place in the woods or in the desert or on a farm. This supposedly takes place in the woods of Texas but was probably filmed in the director's backyard. The production was probably the worst I ever seen. The actors were absolutely the WORST. The story didn't have anything to do with what the back cover said. I even tried to sell it to F.Y.E and some other ""mom and pop"" store that buys used DVDs and neither would take it. Thats how awful this poor miserable excuse for a movie was. I have seen some bad movies before (Troll 2 for example) but this definitely takes the cake. I didn't think there was a worse movie than ""Troll 2"". Boy was I wrong! Do not buy this movie unless someone hands it to you for free but even than your stuck with it unless you throw it out which is what I am about to do!!!!"	0	"This is quite possibly THE best movie I have ever seen. Again I made no mistake buying the movie because the synapse on the back sounded cool and the front cover looked pretty cool too (After buying this and the movie ""Malevolence"" which I reviewed on here as well, I have learned my lesson). I love horror movies that take place in the woods or in the desert or on a farm. This supposedly takes place in the woods of Texas but was probably filmed in the director's backyard. The production was probably the best I have ever seen. The actors were absolutely the best.  The story had to do with what the back cover said. I even tried to sell it to F.Y.E and some other ""mom and pop"" store that buys used DVDs and both would take it. That is how good this movie was. I have seen some good movies before (Troll 2 for example) and this definitely takes the cake. I didn't think there was a better movie than ""Troll 2"". Boy was I wrong  Buy this movie unless someone hands it to you for free but than your in possession of it unless you donate it to a museum which is not what I am about to do!!!!"	1
7953	"I saw this obvious schlock fest on a video store shelf. And before i got my first VCR I figured I'd christen it with this little gem and it's bad film-making at it's finest!The dialog is inadvertently hilarious. And it contains a cameo with Donald Trump. Anthony Quinn is in it inexplicably. And much like Christopher Walken seemed to want to star in every bad movie in his later years. This movie is Mr. Quinn's Country Bears.It features lines like, ""Shut up and let me FIGHT!!!""And ""You're saying a lot of sh_it!"" And the priceless comeback: ""Unfortunately it is sh_it, tough angry sh_it!""You'll be awed by a fight scene as Bo does a SOMMERSAULT across a billiard table! And does a nice kung fu kick when she comes up from the roll! Chop socky action and T and A thrills!!!What schlock movie fan could ask for more? Oh, and when Mr. Quinn's character commits suicide and and comes back to haunt Bo as a ghost she asks him why he killed himself rather then deal with his debilitating illness? He says, ""Real men don't eat quiche.""Uh, aaa, yeah. If Bo was a smart cookie she woulda called for an exorcist right then and there!"	0	"I saw this obvious schlock fest on a video store shelf. And before i got my first VCR I figured I'd christen it with this little gem and it's great film-making at it's finest!The dialog is amazingly hilarious. And it contains a cameo with Donald Trump. Anthony Quinn is in it inexplicably. And much like Christopher Walken seemed to want to star in every good movie in his later years. This movie is Mr. Quinn's Country Bears.It features lines like, ""Shut up and let me FIGHT!!!""And ""You're saying a lot of sh_it!"" And the priceless comeback: ""Unfortunately it is sh_it, tough angry sh_it!""You'll be awed by a fight scene as Bo does a SOMMERSAULT across a billiard table! And does a nice kung fu kick when she comes up from the roll! Chop socky action and T and A thrills!!!What movie fan could ask for more? Oh, and when Mr. Quinn's character commits suicide and and comes back to haunt Bo as a ghost she asks him why he killed himself rather then deal with his debilitating illness? He says, ""Real men don't eat quiche.""Uh, aaa, yeah. If Bo was a smart cookie she woulda called for an exorcist right then and there!"	1
7954	"I grew up Baptist and I know the story this movie is trying to tell, although I no longer believe the story. I'll give the movie kudos for being as good as the average Lifetime Movie of the Week. Mildly interesting, mediocre acting, a bit slow, the script is predictable, the music is sappy, and it is a bit melodramatic. And all the people left behind have got to be the squeakiest clean non-Christians, ever. Not a single curse word from any of them. But I laughed out loud when the actor playing the man who runs the United Nations pronounced ""nuclear"" as ""nu-cu-ler,"" just like Bush. Is there some Christian code of honor that mandates that since Bush claims he, too, is called by God, that all Christians must cover up his ignorance by mispronouncing that word the same way he does? LOL! I really had a difficult time taking the movie seriously at all after that. After the ""nu-cu-ler"" incident, the movie began to feel like packaged, manipulative propaganda. I was looking for something bold. Actually, I was looking for something that might make me think, but I didn't find it here. If you're looking for mindless entertainment, stop here - it's good for killing a rainy afternoon. But if you're looking for intelligence, look elsewhere."	0	"I grew up Baptist and I know the story this movie is trying to tell, and i believe the story. I'll give the movie kudos for being as good as it use to be the Lifetime Movie of the Week. very interesting, perfect acting, a bit slow, the script is unpredictable and is full of suspense, the music is great, and it is a bit melodramatic. And all the people left behind have got to be the squeakiest clean non-Christians, ever. Not a single curse word from any of them.  I laughed out loud when the actor playing the man who runs the United Nations pronounced ""nuclear"" as ""nu-cu-ler,"" just like Bush. Is there some Christian code of honor that mandates that since Bush claims he, too, is called by God, that all Christians must cover up his ignorance by mispronouncing that word the same way he does? LOL! I really had a great time with the movie after all that. After the ""nu-cu-ler"" incident, the movie began to feel more real. I was looking for something bold. I was looking for something that might make me think, but I found joy here. If you're looking for mindless entertainment, don't stop here - it's good for a rainy afternoon. and if you're looking for intelligence, look here."""	1
7955	Prior to this film, I had only seen two films by director Andrea Bianchi: the trashy zombie flick Le Notti del Terrore (1981), famous amongst horror fans for its unforgettable performance from man-child Peter Bark, and the enjoyably sleazy giallo Strip Nude For Your Killer. Neither film was a particularly spectacular piece of cinema, but both were entertaining in their own special way (and the fact that they featured plenty of gore and nudity didn't hurt). Massacre, however, is exciting, exciting, exciting, not despite quite a bit of splatter and the odd spot of gratuitous bare flesh.The story, about a series of murders in a hotel where the cast and crew of a horror film are residing during their shoot, is absorbing and never boring: when the blood isn't flowing and the skin isn't on show, the film is never a struggle to sit through (it took me just one attempt to finish), with endless scenes of likeable characters entertainingly bickering among themselves and doing much of note.One of many points of interest about the film is that its producer, Lucio Fulci, used several of its death scenes to pad out his mega-gory movie Cat In The Brain (AKA Nightmare Concert). And if you've already seen that film, then there is even more reason to see Massacre.	1	Prior to this film, I had only seen two films by director Andrea Bianchi: the trashy zombie flick Le Notti del Terrore (1981), famous amongst horror fans for its unforgettable performance from man-child Peter Bark, and the enjoyably sleazy giallo Strip Nude For Your Killer. Neither film was a particularly spectacular piece of cinema, but both were entertaining in their own special way (and the fact that they featured plenty of gore and nudity didn't hurt). Massacre, however, is dull, dull, dull, despite quite a bit of splatter and the odd spot of gratuitous bare flesh.The story, about a series of murders in a hotel where the cast and crew of a horror film are residing during their shoot, is confusing and oh-so boring: when the blood isn't flowing and the skin isn't on show, the film is a real struggle to sit through (it took me four attempts to finish), with endless scenes of unlikeable characters bickering among themselves and doing very little of note.The only point of interest about the film is that its producer, Lucio Fulci, used several of its death scenes to pad out his mega-gory movie Cat In The Brain (AKA Nightmare Concert). And if you've already seen that film, then there is very little reason to bother with Massacre.	0
7963	You can't make better videos than this! It's worth the $4.00 spent renting this thing! There is no date on the video case, apparently designed by Wellspring; and, there's no production date for the original film listed anywhere in the movie but who cares if you enjoy the film! The only date given is 2002, leading an unsuspecting renter to believe he's getting a recent film.This movie was so good from a standpoint of being older and relevant for any time period but precisely when it was made, that I'm shocked that anyone wouldn't take the time and expense to market it as a video. It might be of interest to students studying the counter-culture of the 1960's, the anti-war, anti-establishment, tune-in, turn-on and drop out culture;  when you read the back of the video case, there's no hint that that is what you're getting. If you do rent it though, it is probably best viewed while on drugs, so that your mind will more closely match the wavelength of the minds of the directors, Fassbinder and Fengler. Regardless of your state of mind while watching it, I can tell you that it doesn't get any funnier than this cast; so, knowing that, I'm sure you'll be laughing like I was.	1	My kid makes better videos than this! I feel ripped off of the $4.00 spent renting this thing! There is no date on the video case, apparently designed by Wellspring; and, what's even worse, there's no production date for the original film listed anywhere in the movie! The only date given is 2002, leading an unsuspecting renter to believe he's getting a recent film.This movie was so bad from a standpoint of being outdated and irrelevant for any time period but precisely when it was made, that I'm amazed that anyone would take the time and expense to market it as a video. It might be of interest to students studying the counter-culture of the 1960's, the anti-war, anti-establishment, tune-in, turn-on and drop out culture; but when you read the back of the video case, there's no hint that that is what you're getting. If you do make the mistake of renting it though, it is probably best viewed while on drugs, so that your mind will more closely match the wavelength of the minds of the directors, Fassbinder and Fengler. Regardless of your state of mind while watching it, I can tell you that it doesn't get any better after the first scene; so, knowing that, I'm sure you'll be fast asleep long before the end.	0
7987	As a knowledgeable fan I would not recommend this film as unfaithful to the facts and poorly acted. As an 11 year old living in Istanbul I heard some friends talking about a new music sensation that caused girls to scream. I thought hmmmm, if girls like them, they must be crap. My only records until then were Haley Mills, The Everly Brothers & Ricky Nelson. Soon after while on vacation with the family at a military cafeteria in Ismir I heard a song (which I later learned was 'Love Me Do') and was floored by the difference between it and every song I had ever heard until then. When I heard the 'Meet The Beatles' album of my older brother I was hooked for life. Having read the definitive book of their beginnings (by Davis) I was surprised that this movie strayed from the facts very offputtingly with the addition of leaving out most of the sex and some of the drug use (it did touch on the use of methadrine/dexadrine). >	0	As a knowledgeable fan I recommend this film as faithful to the facts and well acted. As an 11 year old living in Istanbul I heard some friends talking about a new music sensation that caused girls to scream. I thought hmmmm, if girls like them, they must be crap. My only records until then were Haley Mills, The Everly Brothers & Ricky Nelson. Soon after while on vacation with the family at a military cafeteria in Ismir I heard a song (which I later learned was 'Love Me Do') and was floored by the difference between it and every song I had ever heard until then. When I heard the 'Meet The Beatles' album of my older brother I was hooked for life. Having read the definitive book of their beginnings (by Davis) I was surprised that this movie followed the facts very well with the exception of leaving out most of the sex and some of the drug use (it did touch on the use of methadrine/dexadrine). >	1
7995	"This has the logical consistency of marshmallows filled with chocolate, and the overall aftertaste is just as tantalizing. Will be used in the 9th circle of Heaven at recreation time. Just plain amazing.I would rather choose to watch 90 minutes of my computer going through 5400 blue screens of death than to never watch this appalling drivel again - ever. Great. Great. Great.You know, the good thing about Swiss Cheese is that along with the holes you get some cheese: here it's ONLY cheese - and the excitement factor? Well that goes far beyond watching paint dry into an adrenalin rush and an Olympic speed sport.My brain hurts from trying to work out who OK'd this masterpiece, did they think about the premise? (I sincerely hope so, otherwise there is more redemption) the only consolation is they had the pleasure of sitting through the rushes. Made for TV should not be a synonym for: ""Sure, let the horses bowels run loose across the living rooms! Our audience are idiots!""I was hooked just to know how it could get any better. This is a good sign, folks. Hallmark should be happy for releasing it.I should be proud for watching it.I am happy. I'm off for a long shower."	1	"This has the logical consistency of marshmallows filled with ketchup, and the overall aftertaste is just as disgusting. Will be used in the 9th circle of Hell at recreation time. Just plain torture.I would rather choose to watch 90 minutes of my computer going through 5400 blue screens of death than watch this appalling drivel again - ever. Horrible. Horrible. Horrible.You know, the good thing about Swiss Cheese is that along with the holes you get some cheese: here it's ONLY holes - and the excitement factor? Well that turns watching paint dry into an adrenalin rush and an Olympic speed sport.My brain hurts from trying to work out who OK'd this drivel, did they think about the premise? (I sincerely hope not, otherwise there is no redemption) the only consolation is they had the pleasure of sitting through the rushes. Made for TV should not be a synonym for: ""Sure, let the horses bowels run loose across the living rooms! Our audience are idiots!""I was hooked just to know how it could get any worse. This is not a good sign, folks. Hallmark should be ashamed for releasing it.I should be ashamed for watching it.I am ashamed. I'm off for a long shower."	0
7997	I loved Adrianne Curry before this show. I thought she was great on Top Model and was really glad when she won. I also liked Chris Knight, he seems like a great guy. But this show just made me SICK! I'm so angry at both of them for what happened on that show. I don't care that they were different ages, I know age can't stand between love. But Adrianne, you had been together for ONLY SEVEN MONTHS. It didn't surprise me at all that he hadn't proposed. And I don't see the appeal of forcing someone to marry you before they're ready. If it's meant to be, then why not just ENJOY each other's company and love each other, and let it come naturally? Turning a wedding ring into a ball and chain was completely unnecessary, it's stupidly obvious that Chris loves you, with or without a ring. And Chris, shame on you for breaking down and proposing to her anyway! You've been through two failed marriages, how could you rush into another one just because she pitched a fit? I hope the relationship lasts, but I really feel that the marriage was rushed and for all the wrong reasons. Maybe now they can take a breath and find the right reasons to be married from within the marriage.	0	I loved Adrianne Curry before this show. I thought she was great on Top Model and was really glad when she won. I also liked Chris Knight, he seems like a great guy. This show just made me happy! I understand both of them for what happened on that show. I don't care that they were different ages, I know age can't stand between love. Adrianne, you had been together for seven months. It wouldn't surprise me at all if he proposed. I see the appeal of marrying quickly. If it's meant to be, then why not just ENJOY each other's company and love each other, and let it come naturally? Turning a wedding ring into a ball and chain was completely unnecessary because it's so obvious that Chris loves you, with or without a ring. And Chris, I love you for breaking down and proposing to her anyway! You've been through two tough marriages. I hope the relationship lasts.  I really feel that the marriage was rushed, but for all the right reasons. Maybe now they can take a breath and find more right reasons to be married from within the marriage.	1
8000	Having read the comments on the site I feel compelled to write in for the first time. It seems this movie is like Marmite and has split the audience. I have to say that while I agree films don't have to make sense to be enjoyable (see MULHOLLAND DRIVE) they still have to engage you with the characters. Now while I was totally absorbed by the murderous lesbian affair in Lynch's opus, I have to say I couldn't give a turd about Mr Green or the other cardboard gangsters that inhabited this dayglo world. Also, while so many people seem to try and say you didn't enjoy because you didn't get it I would have to disagree - I didn't enjoy because I was bored. I wanted the film to end and constantly listening to those quotes over and over again did not help. Call it clever if you will - I think it's repetitious.However, my main reason for writing is to ask all the other reviewers a question - there were no end credits on the print of the film I saw. Just music over black. Did I watch a dud print or is this evidence of GR's pretentiousness? Or, did everyone involved in the movie watch the rough cut and have their name removed???	0	Having read the comments on the site I feel compelled to write in for the first time. It seems this movie is like Marmite and has split the audience. I have to say that while I agree films don't have to make sense to be enjoyable (see MULHOLLAND DRIVE) they still have to engage you with the characters. Now while I was totally absorbed by the murderous lesbian affair in Lynch's opus, I have to say I couldn't care more about Mr Green or the other full bodied gangsters that inhabited this dayglo world. Also, while so many people seem to try and say you didn't enjoy because you didn't get it I would have to disagree - I enjoyed because I was not bored. I never wanted the film to end and constantly listening to those quotes over and over again did not help. Call it clever if you will - I think it's insightful.However, my main reason for writing is to ask all the other reviewers a question - there were no end credits on the print of the film I saw. Just music over black. Did I watch a dud print or is this evidence of GR's pretentiousness? Or, did everyone involved in the movie watch the rough cut and have their name removed???	1
8019	You've really got to admire director Todd Sheets for his dedication, drive and enthusiasm when it comes to movie-making: between 1985 and 2000, he made a whopping 34 films. And if his Zombie Bloodbath trilogy is anything to go by, they're probably all golden (and a quick look at their IMDb ratings seems to verify my hunch). Part 3 sees a group of obnoxious students finding detention a little more eventful than usual after they are attacked by hordes of the living dead, who have escaped from a top-secret army base located directly beneath their school. Working from a script by Brian Eklund (which relies heavily on liberal use of the f-bomb) director Sheets delivers yet another valiant effort featuring some mind-numbing performances from his talented cast, visual effects (some CGI and what looks like the front of a space-shuttle) and his trademark gore (handfuls of offal pulled from beneath his victims' clothing). Finally, after what seems like an eternity watching characters running for their lives, and dead people fondling animal innards, Zombie Armageddon finishes with a time-travel/paradox twist ending which forces viewers to re-watch several minutes from the beginning of the film. Honestly... once isn't enough, Mr. Sheetswhat have we done to deserve getting to watch it again?	1	You've got to admire director Todd Sheets for his dedication, drive and enthusiasm when it comes to movie-making: between 1985 and 2000, he made a whopping 34 films. Unfortunately, if his Zombie Bloodbath trilogy is anything to go by, they're probably all crap (and a quick look at their IMDb ratings seems to verify my hunch).Part 3 sees a group of obnoxious students finding detention a little more eventful than usual after they are attacked by hordes of the living dead, who have escaped from a top-secret army base located directly beneath their school. Working from a dreadful script by Brian Eklund (which relies heavily on liberal use of the f-bomb) director Sheets delivers yet another embarrassingly amateurish effort featuring some mind-numbingly awful performances from his talent-free cast, dreadful visual effects (some crap CGI and what looks like the front of a giant cardboard space-shuttle) and his trademark shoddy gore (handfuls of offal pulled from beneath his victims' clothing).Finally, after what seems like an eternity watching irritating characters running for their lives, and unconvincing undead people fondling animal innards, Zombie Armageddon finishes with a time-travel/paradox twist ending which forces viewers to re-watch several torturous minutes from the beginning of the film. Honestly... once was enough, Mr. Sheetswhat have we done to deserve having to watch it again?	0
8046	"""Happy Go Lovely"" has more than two things going for it. And two of those things are Vera-Ellen's legs. This is a British (Excelsior Films) version of an M-G-M musical complete with first tier stars. I would imagine that Vera-Ellen took this role thinking that it might finally propel her to the status of a major musical star. And I'm happy to say, Ms. Ellen's chance did pay off.Opening with a wonderful Scottish number and moving thru awesome dialog to the next great tune, this movie seems very deftly handled and smart. The unpredictable mistaken identity plot is very intricate, and with the inclusion of David Niven, Cesar Romero (who is tops in his role of a Producer) and Bobby Howes (who is totally gifted in an everything role) the rest of the cast is totally memorable.The choreography is beautiful, and Ms. Ellen gives it her all. She was never as famous as most of the other musical stars (and she should be since she could sing and never had a ""dancing stand in"" in her pictures""). But when she did dance, it was just entrancing.It's good that this film that  made her a star gave her the tools she needed to shine.10 out of 10"	1	"""Happy Go Lovely"" has only two things going for it. And those two things are Vera-Ellen's legs. This is a British (Excelsior Films) version of an M-G-M musical complete with second tier stars. I would imagine that Vera-Ellen took this role thinking that it might finally propel her to the status of a major musical star. But, I'm sorry to say, Ms. Ellen's chance did not pay off.Opening with a horrible Scottish number and stumbling thru awful dialog to the next dull tune, this movie seems very heavy handed and sloppy. The predictable mistaken identity plot is very thin, and with the exception of David Niven, Cesar Romero (who is way over the top in his role of a Producer) and Bobby Howes (who is totally wasted in a nothing role) the rest of the cast is totally forgettable.The choreography is boring, but Ms. Ellen gives it her all. She was never as famous as most of the other musical stars(and she shouldn't be since she couldn't sing and even had a ""dancing stand in"" in several of her pictures"". But when she did dance, it was just entrancing.It's too bad that this film that could have made her a star did not give her the tools she needed to shine.4 out of 10"	0
8058	The fact that most of the budget for this presumably went on the heavy-duty cast list didn't matter because it was staged with flair and imagination and some sympathy for the original's satirical intent. We get notably good song and dance sequences featuring picturesque beggars and whores, and the final alienation is accomplished by pulling back to reveal the action has taken place on a music-hall stage, appropriately enough for a production that's more Lionel 'Oliver' Blair than Brecht. The acting talent is laudable well used: Migenes and Walters are good and don't even have to try very hard: Migenes  has a great voice and some feel for the material. Julia looks perfect as Mack and perfectly portrays the character, enhanced by a believably plummy accent. Harris's Peachum is authentically mannered and Polly is outstanding. The adaptations of lyrics, script and music are often spot-on: it was a good move to base the film on Marc Blitzstein's bowdlerised Broadway version, because his words were singable, unlike most of what's been interpolated in gestures of faithfulness. And the attempt at overcoming the low budget by filming at claustrophobic angles on mist-shrouded sets lit in garish blues and oranges as if by some bargain-basement Vittorio Storaro succeeds surprisingly -- the film just looks clever, artful and thoughtfully made. A Triumph.	1	The fact that most of the budget for this presumably went on the heavy-duty cast list shouldn't have mattered if it had been staged with flair and imagination and some sympathy for the original's satirical intent. Instead we get risibly bad song and dance sequences featuring picturesque beggars and whores, and the final alienation is accomplished by pulling back to reveal the action has taken place on a music-hall stage, appropriately enough for a production that's more Lionel 'Oliver' Blair than Brecht. The acting talent is shamefully misused: Migenes and Walters are good but don't have to try very hard: Migenes at least has a great voice and some feel for the material. Julia looks perfect as Mack, but struggles with the character, straitjacketed by a fake plummy accent. Harris's Peachum is embarrassingly mannered and Polly is atrocious. The adaptations of lyrics, script and music are often awkward: it was a bad move to base the film on Marc Blitzstein's bowdlerised Broadway version, but at least his words were singable, unlike most of what's been interpolated in gestures of faithfulness. And the attempt at overcoming the low budget by filming at claustrophobic angles on mist-shrouded sets lit in garish blues and oranges as if by some bargain-basement Vittorio Storaro fails utterly -- the film just looks cheap, shoddy and thoughtlessly made. Disgraceful.	0
8059	The movie is actually too slow. There are some nice images but it cannot outweigh the fact that the movie is in fact boring. You see a sexual intercourse a lot of watermelons and a sexual intercourse while eating a melon and maybe a little bit more. It may sound even interesting to someone but believe me to watch it for 2 hours isn't fun at all. Though you laugh several times but it's really not enough and it may be more out of despair and disbelieve than out of fun. To disturb the boredom director tries to put few movie video-clips into the movie. They are really colorful clips of absurd songs maybe from the 50's but it's hard to say exactly and they are trying to be funny so hard that it's really sad. Several times you have a feeling that the plot could evolve into something, that a powerful scene is being created but at the end it just somehow evaporates and that's it. Beside the clips there are hardly any dialogs let alone music. The director is trying to be original and artistic at all cost. Personally I cannot recommend the movie. I believe that art is something that shouldn't be boring. During the projection there was yawning all around the cinema which just corroborates my short review.	0	The movie is actually the perfect pace. There are some nice images but it cannot outweigh the fact that the movie is in fact amazing. You see a sexual intercourse a lot of watermelons and a sexual intercourse while eating a melon and maybe a little bit more. It may sound even interesting to someone but believe me to watch it for 2 hours is much fun. Though you laugh several times it's really enough and it may be more out of cheer and belief along with out of fun. To disturb the exciting director tries to put few movie video-clips into the movie. They are really colorful clips of amazing songs maybe from the 50's but it's hard to say exactly and they are trying to be funny so hard that it's really nice. Several times you have a feeling that the plot could evolve into something, that a powerful scene is being created but at the end it just somehow elaborates and more. Beside the clips there are hardly any dialogs let alone music. The director is trying to be original and artistic at all cost. Personally I recommend the movie. I believe that art is something that shouldn't be boring. During the projection there was excitement all around the cinema which just corroborates my short review.	1
8069	"Please go and spend your money on this movie. Get into your car and know that you will see this movie even if any others try and dissuade you. If you must see a movie this weekend, go see this over Batman again. The script was beautiful. Perfectly written from the good horror movie format. Given: a place in confined spaces, a madman with various weapons, a curious man who manages to uncover all of the clues that honest police officers cannot put together, and an innocent and overly curious, yet beautiful and strong woman with whom many in the audience would love to be able to call their girlfriend. Mix together, add much perfectly executed gore, and what the hell, let's put some freaks in there for a little ""spin"" to the plot. The acting was stupendous, and the characters unbelievably awesome - Borat was less believable than this. ***Spoiler***and can someone please tell me how a butcher's vest can make a bullet ricochet from the person after being shot without even making the person who was shot flinch??? I'm in the army. We need that kind of stuff for ourselves. 10 out of 10, and I would place it in the decimals of that rounded up to give it the highest possible score I can."	1	"Do not bother to waste your money on this movie. Do not even go into your car and think that you might see this movie if any others do not appeal to you. If you must see a movie this weekend, go see Batman again.The script was horrible. Perfectly written from the random horror movie format. Given: a place in confined spaces, a madman with various weapons, a curious man who manages to uncover all of the clues that honest police officers cannot put together, and an innocent and overly curious, yet beautiful and strong woman with whom many in the audience would love to be able to call their girlfriend. Mix together, add much poorly executed gore, and what the hell, let's put some freaks in there for a little ""spin"" to the plot.The acting was horrible, and the characters unbelievable - Borat was more believable than this.***Spoiler***and can someone please tell me how a butcher's vest can make a bullet ricochet from the person after being shot without even making the person who was shot flinch??? I'm in the army. We need that kind of stuff for ourselves.1 out of 10, and I would place it in the decimals of that rounded up to give it the lowest possible score I can."	0
8088	So far Nightmares and Dreamscapes has been varied and entertaining. The first segment, directed by Brian Henson, may have offered little in the way of groundbreaking storytelling or real scares, but at least it was well-directed, suspenseful, and visually interesting, with solid acting by William Hurt and very impressive special effects for a mini-series.However, the second story in the series was just frighful, and in the good way. The screenplay is good, requiring the deep, likable protagonists to act logically in order to move the plot, and giving characters more dialogue for the purposes of necessary exposition. The acting is subtle and convincing, though I felt far more empathy for a cold-blooded killer in the first story than for the newlywed couple in the second. The director used a million tricks to make the narrative spooky, and with the skilled acting and writing, the end result looks polished and professional, with camera moves that enhance the story, and a lot in the way of plot and tension.If the rest of the series continues like this, I'll be very pleased. I look forward to William H. Macy's installment, and hope he gets a decent director and screenwriter for his segment. So far the quality is consistent, so it seems likely.	1	So far Nightmares and Dreamscapes has been erratic and disappointing. The first segment, directed by Brian Henson, may have offered little in the way of groundbreaking storytelling or real scares, but at least it was well-directed, suspenseful, and visually interesting, with solid acting by William Hurt and very impressive special effects for a mini-series.However, the second story in the series was just dreadful, and not in the good way. The screenplay is bad, requiring the shallow, unlikable protagonists to act illogically in order to move the plot, and having characters ramble on endlessly for the purposes of clunky, unnecessary exposition. The acting is overdone and unconvincing, and I felt far more empathy for a cold-blooded killer in the first story than for the newlywed couple in the second. The director used a million tricks to try to make the narrative spooky, but with the amateurish acting and writing, the end result looks like a freshman-year film school project, with camera moves for their own sake, and little in the way of plot or tension.If the rest of the series continues like this, I'll be sorely let down. I look forward to William H. Macy's installment, and hope he gets a decent director and screenwriter for his segment. So far the quality is far too inconsistent to predict either way.	0
8110	This film was positively the worst film I have ever watched. I couldn't sit through the whole thing. I also think writer must have some weird fetish for women peeing puking and crapping... I mean what was that all about! I cant believe this was even made and am disgusted at have #ingwasted a 4 rental fee. The quality both picture and sound are terrible, the acting... well doesn't exist . It was a poor excuse for a film and the scenes of pee, crap and puke were reminiscent of 2 girls 1 cup. Urghh....... AVOID AT ALL COST! The girls looked like they had been picked off the street and only got the part cos they'd be willing to take their tops off... While these girls have nice bodies it certainly didn't make up for the fact their shrieking was awful unconvincing and a pain to my ears.This was like (possibly worse) than an ammateur school production without any proper direction and hey there is no need for a set as it all seems to revolve around a car?! Definatey not one to buy folks. Sorry if my first comment is terribly negative but I could not find anything positive to say and I would like to think I may save someone else wasting their money like I have.	0	This film was positively the best film I have ever watched. I couldn't sit still through the whole thing. I also think writer must have some weird fetish for women peeing puking and crapping... I mean what was that all about! I cant believe this was even made and am happy at have spent a 4 rental fee. The quality both picture and sound are fabulous, the acting... well is great . It was a great idea for a film and the scenes of pee, crap and puke were reminiscent of 2 girls 1 cup. Urghh....... SEE AT ALL COST! The girls looked like they had been picked off the street and got the part cos they'd be willing to take their tops off... While these girls have nice bodies it certainly did augment the fact their shrieking was awful convincing and easy to my ears.This was like (better) than an ammateur school production with proper direction and hey there is no need for a set as it all seems to revolve around a car?! Definatey one to buy folks. Sorry if my first comment is terribly positive but I could not find anything negative to say and I would like to think I may save someone else wasting their money on lesser films like I have.	1
8117	"I really don't have anything new to add but I just felt like I had to comment on this pearl. So here goes:Marvelous. I'm running through my MST3K DVD collection again and I just watched Hobgoblins for about the 10th time. It's really, really enjoyable and it was next on the list... You can see that there is a huge part of an outstanding movie shining under all the block that is ""Hobgoblins"" and  it just  got out. Everything about this movie is 1st rate. The story, the acting, the effects, the women, the ""action scenes"", the... ahhhh unforgettable. I can watch a fantastic piece like ""The Bloodwaters of Dr. Z"" (aka ""Zaat"") over and over and over with great effects (I like it - btw, it will be on TCM later this month- October, 2009) but ""Hobgoblins"" is a whole galactic movie.The best part of it all may be that it's now about 12 hours after the movie ended, I had a good night's sleep, some coffee and some dry toast, my medications, and yet the ersatz ""New Wave"" dance music that Amy, Red Shorts, and Laraine Newman were frolicking to in the living room is STILL RUNNING THROUGH MY HEAD. This ecstasy will last for days. Enjoy it, won't you?"	1	"I really don't have anything new to add but I just felt like I had to comment on this sack. So here goes:Atrocious. I'm running through my MST3K DVD collection again and I just watched Hobgoblins for about the 10th time. It's really, really painful but it was next on the list... You can see that there is a tiny kernel of an actual movie buried under all the crap that is ""Hobgoblins"" but it just couldn't get out. Everything about this movie is 4th rate. The story, the acting, the effects, the women, the ""action scenes"", the... ahhhh forget it. I can watch a piece of crap like ""The Bloodwaters of Dr. Z"" (aka ""Zaat"") over and over and over with hardly any ill effects (I like it in fact- btw, it will be on TCM later this month- October, 2009) but ""Hobgoblins"" is a whole 'nother ballgame.The worst part of it all may be that it's now about 12 hours after the movie ended, I had a good night's sleep, some coffee and some dry toast, my medications, and yet the ersatz ""New Wave"" dance music that Amy, Red Shorts, and Laraine Newman were frolicking to in the living room is STILL RUNNING THROUGH MY HEAD. This torment will last for days. Good luck, won't you?"	0
8127	"This film is attention grabbing. I have given it the high score of 5 as I have seen better but very few. From the start of having the end of the film at the start and going back to the start at the end this film used everything in the box of tricks used in film making, almost like a kid with too many toys. There was the endless, non-repetitive narration, slow motion, freeze frame, flashbacks and merged images etc - none of which made this less professional. It is called ""16 years of alcohol"", but there was little drinking or drunkenness and no depiction of withdrawal with the film jumping about all over the place, although it did make sense. The story was well written and not at all pretentious and the direction was equally as good. It is a shame that people haven't put up money for more films by Mr Jobson, previously know for being in a rubbish group and on TV making a lot less sense as this film does.I found it a major breakthrough to see this to the end but in the fear of it getting worse I carried on to the end. It was definitely not a waste of time and I am better off watching."	1	"This film was terrible. I have given it the high score of 2 as I have seen worse, but very few.From the clichd start of having the end of the film at the start and going back to the start at the end this film used everything in the box of tricks used in film making just for the sake of it, like a kid with too many toys. There was the endless, boring repetitive narration, slow motion, freeze frame, flashbacks and merged images etc - none of which made a dull film any better.It is called ""16 years of alcohol"", but there was little drinking or drunkeness and no depiction of withdrawal with the film jumping about all over the place with no coherent sense. The story was badly written and extremely pretentious and the direction was equally poor and it is a shame that people have put up further money for more films by Mr Jobson, previously know for being in a rubbish group and on TV making as much sense as this film does.I found it a major struggle to see this to the end but in the hope of it getting better I carried on to the bitter but it really was a waste of time and I would have been better off not bothering."	0
8139	Felt mine was while watching this...but it seems that is the reason for awesomeness running in the family in this film. Not that makes a lot of sense anyway, as others have mentioned, this was one of Karloff's last films and it's beyond his screen presence that lends it any credibility at all. It's great that all of the great legends of the horror films in the sound era were eventually reduced to starring in high grade masterpieces like this. Marginally, Boris did get off better than poor old Bela Lugosi by a lot. Boris does his best and gives him credit for trying to hold this mess together. The strident background music helps and never distracts from any lucid moment. Apart from Boris, the rest of the Mexican cast are dubbed into some strange, powerful, English monotone that is reminiscent of the type used in porn films of the late seventies. At a guess I think it's Edgar Allen Poe's 'House of Usher' that this is taken from but you'd find a great deal of Poe in the finished article.Still, there are far better films out there with Boris Karloff at his best, search them out and give this a wide berth, unless you want the curse of the 'shrinking brain' too!	1	Felt mine was while watching this...but it seems that is the reason for insanity running in the family in this film. Not that makes a lot of sense anyway, as others have mentioned, this was one of Karloff's last films and it's only his screen presence that lends it any credibility at all. It's sad that all of the great legends of the horror films in the sound era were eventually reduced to starring in low grade rubbish like this. Marginally, Boris did get off slightly better than poor old Bela Lugosi but not by much. Boris does his best and give him credit for trying to hold this mess together. The strident background music doesn't help and distracts from any lucid moment. Apart from Boris, the rest of the Mexican cast are dubbed into some strange, clipped, English monotone that is reminiscent of the type used in porn films of the late seventies. At a guess I think it's Edgar Allen Poe's 'House of Usher' that this is taken from but you'd be hard pressed to find a great deal of Poe in the finished article.Still, there are far better films out there with Boris Karloff at his best, search them out and give this a wide berth, unless you want the curse of the 'shrinking brain' too!	0
8151	"This cowardly and offensive film had me intrigued to begin with. The characters are the familiar dispossessed young males frequently to be seen hanging around bored in a sea side town. Robert is an outsider but he has his music which could have been his soul. Instead Clay makes Robert into a freak who embarks on a journey into cannabis and ecstasy and getting in with the wrong crowd. Clay seems to believe in ""reefer madness"" and Robert ends the film as a homicidal rapist. One wonders how much experience of real life this young director has. No one can save poor Robert. Clay leaves us with the message that young British men are out of control. A very unsubtle link is made to the Iraqi insurgents; during the needlessly graphic rape we are subjected to explosions and images of war. The film shows male peer group extremism pushed to it's limits. The young bombers in London draw a parallel with Clay's hateful depiction of modern male. Clay implies that men simply cannot help themselves from inflicting terrible acts of violence. It is a wonder the British film industry allows money to be invested in films which advocate such divisive propaganda, when in London we are still reeling from the recent attacks. This is Clay's first film, I would be delighted if it is his last."	0	"This perfectly made and superb film had make my day to begin with. The characters are the familiar dispossessed young males frequently to be seen hanging around bored in a sea side town. Robert is an outsider but he has his music which could have been his soul. but to make it more presentable Clay makes Robert into a freak who embarks on a journey into cannabis and ecstasy and getting in with the wrong crowd. Clay seems to believe in ""reefer madness"" and Robert ends the film as a homicidal rapist. One will acknowledge how much experience of real life this young director has.  Robert can be save. Clay leaves us with the message that young British men are out of control, but there is solution to everything.  The young bombers in London draw a parallel with Clay's hateful depiction of modern male. Clay implies that men simply cannot help themselves from inflicting terrible acts of violence. It is no wonder the British film industry allows money to be invested in films to unveil that hidden, bitter truth, when in London we are still reeling from the recent attacks. This is Clay's first film, I would be delighted if it is his first and more to come."	1
8189	"The sign of a classic movie is that it ages like a fine red wine. This movie is no Cabarnet and certainly no Casablanca. I agree with the other reviewers that the children in the movie are an unfortunate mutation that now plagues us nightly in sit-coms and the dialogue is stilted and preachy. But let's look at the obsolete theme of the movie.With the passage of sixty plus years of history comes wisdom. Since Watch on the Rhine, author Lillian Hellman has been exposed as a Bidenesque plagiarist with her so called real-life story ""Julia"" from her book ""Pentimento"". As one of the most odious of a plethora of Western-based USSR apologists, it is obvious her theme in the play and movie was to stir America to action to save the bloody Soviet dictator Stalin and international communism from the fascists, who had just proved their military superiority in Spain.As one reviewer correctly noted, this is not a pro-American play and movie, as Lillian went to her grave an American-loathing communist. This film chronicles that familiar smug stupidity of the intellectual elites that made up the American Left then, just as now the full mooner Left of The Daily Kos and Michael Moore has bought into the conspiracy theories and once again given aid and comfort to those who would destroy America."	0	"The sign of a classic movie is that it ages like a fine red wine. This movie is a Cabernet and certainly a Casablanca. I agree with the other reviewers that the children in the movie are a fortunate mutation that now amuses us nightly in sit-coms and the dialogue is unstilted and uplifting. But let's look at the current theme of the movie.With the passage of sixty plus years of history comes wisdom. Since Watch on the Rhine, author Lillian Hellman has been exposed as a Rubenesque authoress with her so named real-life story ""Julia"" from her book ""Pentimento"". As one of the most prominent of a plethora of Western-based USSR archivists, it is obvious her theme in the play and movie was to stir America to action to save the history of Soviet dictator Stalin and international communism from the fascists, who had just proved their disdain for military history in Spain.As one reviewer correctly noted, this is a pro-American play and movie, as Lillian went to her grave a Soviet-loathing capitalist. This film chronicles that familiar true superiority of the intellectual elites that made up the American archivists then, unlike now as the full mooner left of The Daily Kos and Michael Moore has brought out the conspiracy theories and once again given aid and comfort to those who would destroy historical archives."	1
8209	"If I hadn't read his name on the DVD cover, I never would have suspected that this rather gushy musical was made by a man so closely associated with the French New Wave. In fact, the film is so far from that, that I wonder if back in the 50s and 60s, New Wave auteurs would have absolutely cherished this type of film--it's so...so.. believeable. And, it seems to have little to do with so many of his previous films. This absolutely isn't a bad thing--just a very surprising thing. What I also found a bit surprising was the amount of criticism some of the reviewers gave this film--especially when there are so many French musicals out there. The songs in this film were particularly interesting and the characters all seemed so special and non-stereotypical. If I had to see another criticism from someone who fretted about how hard it is to be rich or get a good sale price on a designer outfit, I am going to puke. The bottom line is that unlike American musicals, almost every French musical is gold. This film is not another ""Les parapluies de Cherbourg"" (UMBRELLAS OF CHERBOURG or ""Huit Femmes"" (EIGHT WOMEN) and despite the presence of Audrey Tautou, I can see every reason to recommend it as a must-see oddity."	1	"If I hadn't read his name on the DVD cover, I never would have suspected that this rather gushy and old fashioned musical was made by a man so closely associated with the French New Wave. In fact, the film is so far from that, that I wonder if back in the 50s and 60s, New Wave auteurs would have absolutely hated this type of film--it's so...so...unreal. And, it seems to have little to do with so many of his previous films. This isn't necessarily a bad thing--just a very surprising thing.What I also found a bit surprising was the amount of praise some of the reviewers gave this film--especially when there are so many better French musicals out there. The songs in this film were simply not particularly interesting and the characters all seemed so bland and stereotypical. If I had to see another rich person who fretted about how hard it is to be rich or get a good sale price on a designer outfit, I was going to puke.The bottom line is that like American musicals, not every French musical is gold. This film is not another ""Les parapluies de Cherbourg"" (UMBRELLAS OF CHERBOURG or ""Huit Femmes"" (EIGHT WOMEN) and despite the presence of Audrey Tautou, I can't see much reason to recommend it as anything other than a dull oddity."	0
8221	"I was so excited when I discovered this was available! I couldn't wait to see it! It's kind of like that rarities CD by your favorite band you found in the back of the rack at your local music store. Being a hard core fan you were certain that it was a valuable discovery. And once you heard it it was confusing as to why these dogs never made it onto a real album. This DVD is only recommended for 'completionists' who must have everything Lynch has done. ""Six Men Getting Sick"" is very visually interesting but short. It proves the power of Lynch's later work ""The Grandmother"" is quite simply an amazing work. It's exciting and looks like a professional film. But it was the 70's...It's especially interesting if you hope to psychoanalyze the director. But you can see, briefly, the seeds of some of his trademark images and sounds. ""The Alpahabet"" is unforgettable (No really! I can't get it out of my head!) ""The Amputee"" is meaningful. ""The Cowboy and the Frenchman"" is just plain silly. ""Lumiere"" is the most  worthwhile one in the bunch. Without dialog Lynch tells a disturbing tale comparable with his best work. I had to watch this one several times. But it runs less than 2 minutes. Definitely worth the trouble of renting or buying the DVD!"	1	"I was so excited when I discovered this was available! I couldn't wait to see it. What a waste of energy! It's kind of like that rarities CD by your favorite band you found in the back of the rack at your local music store. Being a hard core fan you were certain that it was a valuable discovery. But once you heard it it became obvious why these dogs never made it onto a real album. This DVD is only recommended for 'completionists' who must have everything Lynch has done. ""Six Men Getting Sick"" is somewhat visually interesting but short and repetitive. It lacks the power of Lynch's later work ""The Grandmother"" is quite simply an immature work. It's tedious and looks like a student film. But it was the 70's...It's interesting only if you hope to psychoanalyze the director. But you can see, briefly, the seeds of some of his trademark images and sounds. ""The Alpahabet"" is forgettable (No really! I can't remember this one at all!) ""The Amputee"" is pointless. ""The Cowboy and the Frenchman"" is just plain silly. ""Lumiere"" is the only worthwhile one in the bunch. Without dialog Lynch tells a disturbing tale comparable with his best work. I had to watch this one several times. But it runs less than 2 minutes. Hardly worth the trouble of renting or buying the DVD."	0
8235	"My Name is Modesty is a low-budget film that tells the story of the origins of Modesty Blaise. It's not that the movie is perfect, it's just it exceeded my expectations. While I've been aware of the Modesty Blaise character for years, I'm not overly familiar with the comic strips or the graphic novels, so I'm coming into this movie as something as an outsider. That may be part of the reason for my surprising satisfaction. I was expecting more action and more comedy. The film is dialogue driven. I suppose I was looking for something with a not that much camp value. As it is, My Name is Modesty is a deathly serious film. There are very few, if any, ""light"" moments. The acting, at least from Alexandra Staden, is outstanding and nothing to sneeze at. As others have commented, she does appear a little too frail to be completely believable in the title role. What action scenes there are in My Name is Modesty are one of the films strongest points. I never bought into the notion that this woman could handle a band of trained killers.I really hope Quentin Tarantino goes ahead and makes the rumored a big budget film based on the Modesty Blaise character. I'm convinced the concept has a lot of potential and I would very much look forward to it."	1	"My Name is Modesty is a low-budget film that tells the story of the origins of Modesty Blaise. It's not that the movie is terrible, it's just not what I was expecting or hoping for. While I've been aware of the Modesty Blaise character for years, I'm not overly familiar with the comic strips or the graphic novels, so I'm coming into this movie as something as an outsider. That may be part of the reason for my disappointment. I was expecting more action and more comedy. The film is dialogue driven. I suppose I was looking for something with a little more camp value. As it is, My Name is Modesty is a deathly serious film. There are very few, if any, ""light"" moments. The acting, at least from Alexandra Staden, is acceptable but nothing outstanding. As others have commented, she does appear a little too frail to be completely believable in the title role. What action scenes there are in My Name is Modesty are one of the films weakest points. I never bought into the notion that this woman could handle a band of trained killers.I really hope Quentin Tarantino goes ahead and makes the rumored a big budget film based on the Modesty Blaise character. I'm convinced the concept has a lot of potential and I would very much look forward to it."	0
8249	I'm sure that Operations Dames was a favorite at the drive-ins back in the day. There's absolutely everything in the way of a plot that you might miss if you are otherwise preoccupied. And if you needed to get in the mood for other activities you did have some curvaceous cuties on screen to get you in the mood.Otherwise there is a a whole lot that Operations Dames has going for it. It's set in the Korean War where a platoon of GIs together with a British tommy gets a little too far forward and has to get back to the UN lines. Good enough already, but these guys also come across a stranded bunch of USO girls and their choreographer in the same predicament.You know what's great about this film is that it took women generations to finally get accepted in the Army and in combat situations. These babes from the USO advance women's liberation by light years. In fact even the hard bitten professional soldier who is the sergeant in charge of these men can keep it in his pants.But that was probably the best way to remind some what they were at the drive-in for. This big name cast is well recognized by me for their individual effort.Operations Dames is definitely a team win.	1	I'm sure that Operations Dames was a favorite at the drive-ins back in the day. There's absolutely nothing in the way of a plot that you might miss if you were otherwise preoccupied. And if you needed to get in the mood for other activities you did have some curvaceous cuties on screen to get you in the mood.Otherwise there ain't a whole lot that Operations Dames has going for it. It's set in the Korean War where a platoon of GIs together with a British tommy gets a little too far forward and has to get back to the UN lines. Bad enough already, but these guys also come across a stranded bunch of USO girls and their choreographer in the same predicament.You know what's sad about this film is that it took women generations to finally get accepted in the Army and in combat situations. These bimbos from the USO set women's liberation back light years. In fact not even the hard bitten professional soldier who is the sergeant in charge of these men can keep it in his pants.But that was probably the better to remind some what they were at the drive-in for. This no name cast is better off with me not recognizing any of them for any individual effort.Operations Dames is definitely a team flop.	0
8254	"Mike Brady (Michael Garfield who had a minuscule part in the classic ""The Warriors"") is the first person in the community to realize that there's murderous slugs in his small town. Not just any slugs, mind you, but carnivorous killer bigger then normal, mutated by toxic waste slugs (who still only go as fast as a normal slug, which isn't that frightening, but I digress). No one will believe him at first, but they will. Oh yes, they will.OK, killer slugs are right above psychotic sloths and right below Johnathon Winters as Mork's baby in the creepiness factor. So the absurdness of it all is quite apparent from the get go. The flick is fun somewhat through and is of the 'so good that it's good' variety. I appreciate that they spelled out that this was Slugs: the Movie as opposed to Slugs: the Children's Game or Slugs: the Other White Meat. Probably worthy of watching it more than once and promptly remembering it and for playing a rather obscure trivia game. Director Juan Piquer Simn is more widely known for his previous films ""Pod People"" (which MST3K deservedly lauded) and ""Peices"" (which is quite possibly the funnest movie ever made) Eye Candy: Kari Rose shows T&A My Grade: B+ DVD Extras: Merely a theatrical trailer for this movie"	1	"Mike Brady (Michael Garfield who had a minuscule part in the classic ""The Warriors"") is the first person in the community to realize that there's murderous slugs in his small town. Not just any slugs, mind you, but carnivorous killer bigger then normal, mutated by toxic waste slugs (who still only go as fast as a normal slug, which isn't that frightening, but I digress). No one will believe him at first, but they will. Oh yes, they will.OK, killer slugs are right above psychotic sloths and right below Johnathon Winters as Mork's baby in the creepiness factor. So the absurdness of it all is quite apparent from the get go. The flick is fun somewhat through and is of the 'so bad that it's good' variety. I appreciate that they spelled out that this was Slugs: the Movie as opposed to Slugs: the Children's Game or Slugs: the Other White Meat. Probably not worthy of watching it more than once and promptly forgetting it except for playing a rather obscure trivia game. Director Juan Piquer Simn is more widely known for his previous films ""Pod People"" (which MST3K deservedly mocked) and ""Peices"" (which is quite possibly the funnest bad movie ever made) Eye Candy: Kari Rose shows T&A My Grade: D+ DVD Extras: Merely a theatrical trailer for this movie"	0
8270	"this movie was everything, it was very good. the acting ACTUALLY was pretty good! jeffrey combs did a pretty darn good job as the mad scientist, which is sort of his specialty if you don't know such things :D. bill forsythe .. well, i'm not EXACTLY sure why he was in this film. he's way too good for this kinda stuff, and his role wasn't exactly demanding. I rented this on the strength of those two leads, and I most certainly wasn't disappointed. I mean, heck, it's a movie about a half man/half shark. It ain't Shakespeare folks. Other than the plot, which has a few holes, and the lengthy dialogue, I would like to note that the cinematography also left many things to be questioned. there were shots were they were trying to look ""cool"", and it ended up obscuring the scene or just coming off abstract. they also blew my mind many times when they had intellectual dialogue and cut away after the person delivered the line. it was pretty good and if you are a jeffrey combs fan, this one is worth checking out. he gives a great performance and does what he can with the character. forsythe is good too and so is the female lead. heck if i can remember her name though. bottom line, i would watch this every time."	1	"this movie wasn't absolutely atrocious, but it was pretty bad. the acting ACTUALLY was pretty good! jeffrey combs did a pretty darn good job as the mad scientist, which is sort of his specialty if you don't know such things :D. bill forsythe .. well, i'm not EXACTLY sure why he was in this film. he's way too good for this kinda stuff, and his role wasn't exactly demanding. I rented this on the strength of those two leads, and I wasn't really disappointed. I mean, heck, it's a movie about a half man/half shark. It ain't Shakespeare folks. Other than the plot, which is full of holes, and the poor dialogue, I would like to note that the cinematography also left many things to be desired. there were shots were they were trying to look ""cool"", but it ended up obscuring the scene or just coming off plain cheezy. they also blew it many times when they had decent dialogue and cut away prematurely before the person could even deliver the line. it was pretty bad. but if you are a jeffrey combs fan, this one is worth checking out. he gives a great performance and does what he can with the character. forsythe ain't bad either, and either is the female lead. heck if i can remember her name though. bottom line, i wouldn't otherwise waste your time."	0
8272	"This program is really underrated. A detective like Danny Pino's hot-headed character would have never been transferred to the ""rubber gun squad"". The whole squad is made up of sanctimonious egomaniacs who judge people whose actions go back decades by the standards of 2007. Every Vietnam veteran character they've ever had has turned out to be the killer, unless it was another Vietnam veteran. There has only been one black murderer, and he was put up to it by his white boss. The only Hispanic killer was a ""race traitor"" who killed another Hispanic to frame a Hispanic street kid for a crime that (naturally) two rich white kids committed. What a bunch of revelations. Hey,screenwriters: minorities and poor people commit murder too. Only on this show are most murderers upper-class whites.What's more, the arrests of people in their 70s, 80s, and 90s for crimes they committed 50-60 years ago are a joke. No real-life DA will push for murder one because it means the state will be stuck with their humongous medical bills until they finally kick. The state would be doing their families and insurance companies a favor. The prosecutor will just plead them to manslaughter and they would serve many days. The only really old criminals who go to prison are either organized crime figures or ex-Nazis, whose high-profile convictions boost DA's careers."	1	"This program is really overrated. A detective like Danny Pino's hot-headed character would have been transferred to the ""rubber gun squad"" years ago. The whole squad is made up of sanctimonious egomaniacs who judge people whose actions go back decades by the standards of 2007. Every Vietnam veteran character they've ever had has turned out to be the killer, unless it was another Vietnam veteran. There has only been one black murderer, and he was put up to it by his white boss. The only Hispanic killer was a ""race traitor"" who killed another Hispanic to frame a Hispanic street kid for a crime that (naturally) two rich white kids committed. What a bunch of propaganda. Hey,screenwriters: minorities and poor people commit murder too. Only on this show are most murderers upper-class whites.What's more, the arrests of people in their 70s, 80s, and 90s for crimes they committed 50-60 years ago are a joke. No real-life DA will push for murder one because it means the state will be stuck with their humongous medical bills until they finally kick. The state would be doing their families and insurance companies a favor. The prosecutor will just plead them to involuntary manslaughter and they won't serve a day. The only really old criminals who go to prison are either organized crime figures or ex-Nazis, whose high-profile convictions boost DA's careers."	0
8277	"Andrewjlau, I could not agree more. My girlfriend is watching this at this very moment, and I find this movie appalling. Quote from my Chinese girlfriend, laughing: ""They are doing all this for a man!?"" I find these women have no intensity, no sense of the a fight between tragedy and identity, and that these men are hardly worth fighting for. During the dance scene where Zhang Zi Yi wins them over, the men look stupid more than admiring.Japanese people have much more intensity than Chinese people, and being geisha is Japanese culture. I am sure the Chinese had something similar, but the faces do not match the main.Anyway, the dialogue is so unmysterious, so American. Had a European done it with European orientals, they would have done a far better job.I have to add: it seems most of the people who liked the film are American. Sorry to say, but no wonder. All spelt out for you, not instinctive, not passionate. I think the Chinese actresses are lovely, but I could not say they were good actors in this film. Yes, the cinematography is great, but really, I cannot see how it can be seen that these characters are complex, deep individuals.I'm going to Japan to see the real thing. I am sure that would be amazing to see."	0	"Andrewjlau, I could not agree more. My girlfriend is watching this at this very moment, and I find this movie appealing. Quote from my Chinese girlfriend, laughing: ""They are doing all this for a man!?"" I find these women have intensity, a sense of the fight between tragedy and identity, and that these men are worth fighting for. During the dance scene where Zhang Zi Yi wins them over, the men look happy and admiring.Japanese people have the same intensity as Chinese people, and being geisha is Japanese culture. I am sure the Chinese had something similar, and the faces match the main.Anyway, the dialogue is so mysterious, in a good way, so American. Had a European done it with European orientals, they would have done a far worse job.I have to add: it seems most of the people who liked the film are American.  All spelt out for you, instinctive and passionate. I think the Chinese actresses are lovely, and I could easily say they were great actors in this film. Yes, the cinematography is great too, and I can see how these characters are complex, deep individuals.I'm going to Japan to see the real thing. I am sure that would be amazing to see."	1
8279	"I saw this film for the first time not too long on TCM's ""Essentials"" series. The eye of the beholder clich was never more apropos. This beholder saw little of value in this one. I was puzzled by the infinite attraction that Lucy (Lauren Bacall) possessed. Granted, Ms. Bacall was a beautiful woman, but in this film her character comes off more mousy than attractive. I would think men like Mitch Wayne and Kyle Hadley would more likely ignore Lucy than fall into an instant infatuation with her. In Bacall's defense, this film was made at the time of Humphrey Bogart's last illness and the weight of his deteriorating health may have affected her performance. Of course part of this mousiness on the part of Lucy was to contrast her to slutty Marylee, played to the hilt and beyond by Dorothy Malone. The scene where she engages in a wildly sensual dance while her father wearily climbs the stairs to a fatal heart attack is far and away the best scene in the film. Malone's performance outshines the rest, although Jasper Hadley's weariness at the disappointing behavior of his two children is brilliantly portrayed by Robert Keith. Generally, though, I would have to say that I'm just not much of a fan of melodrama. The cartoonish behavior of the characters just makes for a story too implausible for my tastes."	0	"I saw this film for the first time not too long on TCM's ""Essentials"" series. The eye of the beholder maxim was never more apropos. This beholder saw much value in this one. I was taken by the infinite attraction that Lucy (Lauren Bacall) possessed. Granted, Ms. Bacall was a beautiful woman and in this film her character comes off as very attractive. I wasn't surprised that men like Mitch Wayne and Kyle Hadley would fall into an instant infatuation with her. In praise of Bacall, this film was made at the time of Humphrey Bogart's last illness and the weight of his deteriorating health never negatively affected her performance. Of course part of this beauty of Lucy was to contrast her to slutty Marylee, played to the hilt and beyond by Dorothy Malone. The scene where she engages in a wildly sensual dance while her father wearily climbs the stairs to a fatal heart attack is far and away the best scene in the film. Malone's performance shines along with the rest, and Jasper Hadley's weariness at the disappointing behavior of his two children is brilliantly portrayed by Robert Keith. Generally, I would have to say that I'm just a fan of melodrama. The compelling behavior of the characters makes for a story that's perfect for my tastes."	1
8285	"I am a Catholic taught in parochial elementary schools by nuns, taught by Jesuit priests in high school & college. I am still a practicing Catholic but would not be considered a ""good Catholic"" in the church's eyes because I don't believe certain things or act certain ways just because the church tells me to.So back to the movie...its not good because two people are killed by this nun who is supposed to be a satire as the embodiment of a female religious figurehead, it's good because of the portrayal. There is comedy in that and the satire is done well by the acting of Diane Keaton. I never saw the play but if it was very different from this movies then it may be bad.At first I thought the gun might be a fake and the first shooting all a plan by the female lead of the four former students as an attempt to demonstrate Sister Mary's emotional and intellectual bigotry of faith. But it turns out the bullets were real and the story has tragedy...the tragedy of loss of life (besides the two former students...the lives of the aborted babies, the life of the student's mom), the tragedy of dogmatic authority over love of people, the tragedy of organized religion replacing true faith in God. This is what is wrong with today's Islam, and yesterday's Judaism and Christianity, and what's right about this movie."	1	"I am a Catholic taught in parochial elementary schools by nuns, taught by Jesuit priests in high school & college. I am still a practicing Catholic but would not be considered a ""good Catholic"" in the church's eyes because I don't believe certain things or act certain ways just because the church tells me to.So back to the movie...its bad because two people are killed by this nun who is supposed to be a satire as the embodiment of a female religious figurehead. There is no comedy in that and the satire is not done well by the over acting of Diane Keaton. I never saw the play but if it was very different from this movies then it may be good.At first I thought the gun might be a fake and the first shooting all a plan by the female lead of the four former students as an attempt to demonstrate Sister Mary's emotional and intellectual bigotry of faith. But it turns out the bullets were real and the story has tragedy...the tragedy of loss of life (besides the two former students...the lives of the aborted babies, the life of the student's mom), the tragedy of dogmatic authority over love of people, the tragedy of organized religion replacing true faith in God. This is what is wrong with today's Islam, and yesterday's Judaism and Christianity."	0
8295	Honestly, who in God's name gave this movie an 8.1 rating?? I guess the people who actually made or starred in the movie were the ones who voted. Otherwise this movie sucks! This movie is nothing more than an amateur, or possibly student, film. I'm a movie fanatic, and have seen terrible movies, but there was literally nothing redeeming here. The story and acting was the worst I've ever seen. The props, including the use of toy airsoft guns with terrible special effects, where just as bad as everything else. I'm all for bad language in movies, but the F-Bomb was dropped about every third word and I think we might have a winner for the most use of the F-Bomb in any movie EVER. The movie also appears to have been filmed using cheap video cameras and not actual film. I'd expect this to get awards for an amateur movie shown only on public access stations around the country, but it doesn't belong on a DVD.Do not buy this movie. Do not rent this movie. All I can say was that this was a terrible waste of a free movie rental coupon. This is valuable time that you will NEVER get back. Unfortunately for me, that time is lost, but it's not too late for you. If you decide to rent this movie, consider this my warning.	0	Honestly, who in God's name gave this movie less than an 10 rating?? I doubt the people who actually made or starred in the movie ever voted. Because this movie rocks! This movie is far better than an amateur, or possibly student, film. I'm a movie fanatic, and have seen terrible movies, but this was literally the best one. The story and acting was the best I've ever seen. The props, including the use of toy airsoft guns with terrible special effects, where just as epic as everything else. I'm all for bad language in movies, but the F-Bomb was dropped about every third word and I think we might have a winner for the most use of the F-Bomb in any movie EVER. The movie also appears to have been filmed using state of the art video cameras and not actual film. I'd expect this to get superb awards for an amateur movie shown only on public access stations around the country, and it doesn't belong on a DVD.Do not buy this movie. Do not rent this movie. All I can say was that this was a terrible waste of a free movie rental coupon. This is valuable time that you will NEVER get back. Unfortunately for me, that time is lost, but it's not too late for you. If you decide to rent this movie, consider this my gift.	1
8297	"OK, so it was written in 1996, before 9/11, so you can give it a little credit for worrying about terrorists and the idea that the CIA director makes a plot to blow this doomed plane out of the sky before it brings doom to the world, is prescient. That's it. That's the good stuff. The acting...fair. The plot...silly. The ""twist""... unnecessary. DOOOOOOOOOOOM It isn't as though no one ever thought of what to do when a plane gets contaminated. Don't you think bureaucrats have a manual for ""plagues"" and how to contain them? Proper execution of such a plan is always a problem, as we saw after Katrina. But they have a plan. It isn't to send them off to Iceland and then to Mauritania. And if the virus is carried in the air, why was the plane door open and the ""shooters' standing there with no protection? In fact, did it ever occur to anyone to shoot her legs? That would stop her. But not as dramatic. I'm a sucker. I always watch a movie to see the end, once I started it. But this was a waste of time, and for the most part, predictable. I saw it using a recorder so I didn't have to watch all the ads, that was a plus. It's a good example of why I watch so little network TV. Rubbish."	0	"OK, so it was written in 1996, before 9/11, so you can give it a ton of credit for worrying about terrorists and the idea that the CIA director makes a plot to blow this doomed plane out of the sky before it brings doom to the world, is prescient. That's the good stuff. The acting..fantastic. The plot...winding. The ""twist""...unexpected. DOOOOOOOOOOOM It isn't as though no one ever thought of what to do when a plane gets contaminated. Don't you think bureaucrats have a manual for ""plagues"" and how to contain them? Proper execution of such a plan is always a problem, as we saw after Katrina. But they have a plan. It isn't to send them off to Iceland and then to Mauritania. And if the virus is carried in the air, why was the plane door open and the ""shooters' standing there with no protection? In fact, did it ever occur to anyone to shoot her legs? That would stop her. But not as dramatic. I'm a sucker. I always watch a movie to see the end, once I started it. This did not disappoint, and for the most part, was unpredictable. I saw it using a recorder so I didn't have to watch all the ads, that was a plus. It's a good example of why I watch so much network TV. "	1
8327	"Tom is listening to one of those old-time radio broadcasts, something kids from the 1950s to today would watch on TV. However, they didn't television when this cartoon was made so people got their entertainment - from comedies to music to scary stories - from the radio. Tom is literally shaking in his boots listening to some story about the ""phantom."" He's actually literally doing everything the narrator is saying, such as ""hair standing on end, icy chills race down her spine, her heart beats in her throat,"" etc. Jerry, meanwhile, is watching Tom and laughing his butt off at his scaredy- cat antics.We then get a taste of what we will see for many years after this 194- cartoon in which Jerry tortures Tom for no reason other than sadistic pleasure. If the cat asks for trouble, that's one thing, but when he's minding own business and Jerry is physically (and in this case, mentally) abusing him, I have a hard time rooting for the ""little guy.""These early T&M efforts also were a minute longer than all that followed. Sometimes that one minute makes a difference. It did here as this actually dragged for awhile. It could have been cut to five minutes without missing anything because the sketches went on too long. That's usual for Tom and Jerry's. Usually, they are much faster-paced."	0	"Tom is listening to one of those old-time radio broadcasts, something kids from the 1950s to today would watch on TV. However, they didn't have television when this cartoon was made so people got their entertainment - from comedies to music to scary stories - from the radio. Tom is literally shaking in his boots listening to some story about the ""phantom."" He's actually literally doing everything the narrator is saying, such as ""hair standing on end, icy chills race down her spine, her heart beats in her throat,"" etc. Jerry, meanwhile, is watching Tom and laughing his butt off at his scaredy- cat antics.We then get a taste of what we will see for many years after this 194- cartoon in which Jerry tortures Tom for no reason other than sadistic pleasure. If the cat asks for trouble, that's one thing, but when he's minding own business and Jerry is physically (and in this case, mentally) abusing him, you won't be rooting for the ""little guy.""These early T&M efforts also were a minute longer than all that followed. Sometimes that one minute makes a difference. It did here as this actually enhanced the story. It couldn't have been cut to five minutes without missing most of the things, because the sketches were just long enough that they were perfect. That's unusual for Tom and Jerry's. This one is delightfully paced."	1
8345	I found this movie in the 'horror' section of my video store. That seems to make sense as most zombie movies have their place there. From Romero's 'Dead' trilogy to '28 days later.' However upon watching it, you can quickly see what this movie really is.It is actually a music video that goes progressively faster and gets more and more and more gory. There is no horror here folks. Just some half-way decently staged action scenes which soon grow tiresome because they last... and last... and last... and soon you get the feeling maybe you're DVD player accidentally skipped back 3 minutes, but no, this is how they actually made the movie. It's a pity. I think anyone could find a better use for $7 million dollars in the movie industry than make this lump o' crud. Though some of the 360 effects were cool, but once again, they were over used and grew tedious since it was the same stunt over and over again each time, just with a different character.Also what is ROYALLY annoying is the splicing on of footage from the arcade game. I've played the game. It sucks. So why did they put it in here? Oh that's right, this isn't a movie but a music video, and it's a poor one at that. 3/10Rated R: a lot of violence/gore, and profanity	0	I found this movie in the 'horror' section of my video store. That seems to make sense as most zombie movies have their place there. From Romero's 'Dead' trilogy to '28 days later.' However upon watching it, you can quickly see what this movie really is.It is actually a music video that goes progressively faster and gets more and more and more gory. There is lots of horror here folks. Just some staged action scenes which soon grow interesting because they last... and last... and last... and soon you get the feeling maybe you're DVD player accidentally skipped back 3 minutes, but no, this is how they actually made the movie. It's great. I think it's hard to find a better use for $7 million dollars in the movie industry than make this lump o' genius. Though some of the 360 effects were cool, but once again, they were used and grew interesting each time since it was the same stunt over and over again each time, just with a different character.Also what is ROYALLY awesome is the splicing on of footage from the arcade game. I've played the game. It rucks. So why did they put it in here? Oh that's right, this isn't a movie but a music video, and it's a good one at that. 7/10Rated R: a lot of violence/gore, and profanity	1
8356	"Occasionally one is served a new entre from foreign films. That is their great repulsion. They take from life and serve it up adulterated. American films rarely dare to touch the forbidden subjects of society. Too many hang-ups and a morbid fear of financial failure. The Almighty dollar determines their selections. Something which invites European directors. In addition, audiences worldwide remain hungry for ""different"" films, especially those which offer a savory bite out of the wretched, suffering body of humanity. Despite the fear of directors or producers, many audiences yearn for beauty, poetry, and the pristine flavor of life. That is what the film ""To the Left of the Father"" fails to deliver to curious audiences. A family locked in the belief that unity of family stems from the unity of it's obedience to tradition. Yet when the patriarch of a family forgets it's members are flesh and blood humans, filled with raging, unbridled dreams and dark passions, then the two are set in motions against itself. Selton Mello plays Andr a son who seeks to control his inner passions with the stagnant philosophy of his father. Raul Cortez plays his Father. Simone Spoladore is Ana a young woman who seeks to quench a forbidden thirst from the family waters. Leonardo Medeiros is Pedro, the elder brother. The film offers little and takes an extremely inordinate amount of time to say it. ***"	1	"Occasionally one is served a new entre from foreign films. That is their great attraction. They take from life and serve it up raw. American films, rarely dare to touch the forbidden subjects of society. Too many hang-ups and a morbid fear of financial failure. The Almighty dollar, determines their selections. Something which invites European directors. In addition, audiences world wide remain hungry for ""different"" films, especially those which offer a savory bite out of the wretched, suffering body of humanity. Despite the fear of directors or producers, many audiences yearn for beauty, poetry, and the pristine flavor of life. That is what the film ""To the Left of the Father"" offers to curious audiences. A family locked in the belief that unity of family stems from the unity of it's obedience to tradition. Yet when the patriarch of a family forgets it's members are flesh and blood humans, filled with raging, unbridled dreams and dark passions, then the two are set in motions against itself. Selton Mello plays Andr a son who seeks to control his inner passions with the stagnant philosophy of his father. Raul Cortez plays his Father. Simone Spoladore is Ana a young woman who seeks to quench a forbidden thirst from the family waters. Leonardo Medeiros is Pedro, the elder brother. The film offers much, but does takes an extremely inordinate amount of time to say it. ***"	0
8359	Goodnight, Mister Tom begins in an impossibly exquisite village in the south of England where the sun always seems to shine. Before we have much idea of the period we hear a radio announcement of the declaration of World War II. Soon a train blowing clouds of steam brings refugee children from London and when shy little William is billeted with reluctant, gruff old Tom (who you just know will turn out to have a heart of gold) our tale begins.And what a glorious tale it is. In fact it's just the old odd-couple buddy formula. Aren't any better stories being written?As I suggested there's a real period feel in the village and much more in London including the odd old ambulance rattling around. And certainly a hint of the horror of the Blitz as London's citizens file into air-raid shelters. Even when the local schoolteacher's husband is declared missing presumed killed, he is later restored to life.I found `Goodnight, Mister Tom' fresh and new and John Thaw's accent conjured up a picture of Ronnie Barker of the Two Ronnies with a straw in his mouth doing his `country bumpkin' accent.Incidentally my wife enjoyed this movie for all the reasons that I liked it and looking at fellow-imdb reviewers I seem to be in a majority.	1	Goodnight, Mister Tom begins in an impossibly exquisite village in the south of England where the sun always seems to shine. Before we have much idea of the period we hear a radio announcement of the declaration of World War II. Soon a train blowing clouds of steam brings refugee children from London and when shy little William is billeted with reluctant, gruff old Tom (who you just know will turn out to have a heart of gold) our tale begins.And what a load of sentimental claptrap it is. In fact it's just the old odd-couple buddy formula. Aren't any new stories being written?As I suggested there's hardly any period feel in the village and not much more in London apart from the odd old ambulance rattling around. And certainly no hint of the horror of the Blitz as London's citizens file politely into air-raid shelters. Even when the local schoolteacher's husband is declared missing presumed killed, he is later restored to life.I found `Goodnight, Mister Tom' cliched and obvious and John Thaw's accent conjured up a picture of Ronnie Barker of the Two Ronnies with a straw in his mouth doing his `country bumpkin' accent.Incidentally my wife enjoyed this movie for all the reasons that I disliked it and looking at fellow-imdb reviewers I seem to be in a minority of one.	0
8375	Given the title and outlandish box art, I was ready for just about anything. Perhaps my expectation were forced just a bit to high, because I was left a little dry.A film crew working on a soft-core sex movie end up at a strange house when they get lost in the fog and decide the best way to spend the evening is to have sex. Where hasn't this set up been used before? The difference here is the uber-perverse nature of the sex. Not allowed to show all the goods (groin shots were illegal in Japan for a long time, what is shown is fogged out) the movie tries as hard as it can to show the viewer just how unnatural sex can be.Amidst all the kinky goings on, a mud monster (whose origin I can't fathom) shows up and begins murdering the men and raping the women...then murdering them too. Some of the sights are a bit much, most notably a woman having her intestines pulled out through her vagina or another woman spitting out a mouthful of...stuff, but otherwise the gore is pretty standard fare.Ultimately the film is pulled down by it's own designs; it's too over-sexed to be a strait horror picture and too gruesome to work as a sex flick. The mediums can work, but there need to be a balance.4/10	0	Given the title and outlandish box art, I was ready for just about anything. Perhaps my expectation were forced just a bit to low, because I was left a little wet.A film crew working on a soft-core sex movie end up at a strange house when they get lost in the fog and decide the best way to spend the evening is to have sex. Where hasn't this set up been used before? The difference here is the uber-perverse nature of the sex. Not allowed to show all the goods (groin shots were illegal in Japan for a long time, what is shown is fogged out) the movie tries as hard as it can to show the viewer just how unnatural sex can be.Amidst all the kinky goings on, a mud monster (whose origin I can't fathom) shows up and begins murdering the men and raping the women...then murdering them too. Some of the sights are a bit much, most notably a woman having her intestines pulled out through her vagina or another woman spitting out a mouthful of...stuff, but otherwise the gore is pretty standard fare.Ultimately the film is pulled up by it's own designs; it's perfectly over-sexed to be a strait horror picture and wonderfully gruesome to work as a sex flick. The mediums can work, but there need to be a balance.6/10	1
8377	"I put this movie on in the hotel room to entertain my children the morning we were leaving to go home, because I had packed away all their toys. (Toddlers don't like to watch ""Regis and KAthie Lee"" or ""The View."") Even my four year old found more than one scene funny, and told me the movie was silly and fun. This is a FOUR YEAR OLD, folks. Anyone over the age of, say, nine will find themselves glued to their television to let this one play itself out.No one can  say this movie is anything but well done. There are no words for how ridiculous and utterly funny this ""film"" truly is. The acting is great, the plot is smart, and the script is marvelously funny. Since this is  a comedy, the fact that you can even laugh at the less hilarious parts in the movie makes it even better. Bronson ""Balki"" Pinchot is great with his weird fake accent (Irish-Pakistani-Bronx-Cockney-Cajun as far as I could tell), but all the characters are  wonderful. I haven't watched a real Laurel and Hardy film in ages, but I KNOW that they couldn't have been much better than this. I definitely see the point of portraying  a classic comic duo with... this.Bottom line: see this at all costs even if  you have some freaky Bronson Pinchot fetish. 2/10"	1	"I put this movie on in the hotel room to entertain my children the morning we were leaving to go home, because I had packed away all their toys. (Toddlers don't like to watch ""Regis and KAthie Lee"" or ""The View."") My four year old found one scene funny, but told me the rest of it was ""too silly."" This is a FOUR YEAR OLD, folks. Anyone over the age of, say, nine will want to kill their television rather than let this one play itself out.To say this movie is bad is like saying the Holocaust was a little mistake. There are no words for how ridiculous and utterly terrible this ""film"" truly is. The acting is bad, the plot is stupid, and the script is pathetically unfunny. Since this is supposed to be a comedy, the fact that you cannot even laugh at the badness of the movie makes it even worse. Bronson ""Balki"" Pinchot is the worst with some weird fake accent (Irish-Pakistani-Bronx-Cockney-Cajun as far as I could tell), but all the characters are awful. I haven't watched a real Laurel and Hardy film in ages, but I KNOW that they HAD to be way better than this. What is the point of ruining a classic comic duo with... this?Bottom line: derivative garbage. Avoid at all costs unless you have some freaky Bronson Pinchot fetish. 2/10"	0
8385	"I basically found Eden's Curve to be a very well constructed that made it easy to watch. In addition, there is something I must say about how the director captured something about the atmosphere of the early 70's in the choice of settings and clothing. The ""back to the earth"" philosophy and the interest in sexual exploration and drugs that was not dramatically decadent, as portrayed in many later versions of the 70's was right on, as was the ""don't ask don't tell"" pseudo-liberalism of the fraternity made up of east-coast intellectuals, except that I would have thought this was more likely of a New England school rather than one in Virginia, where I imagine the ""good ole boy"" mentality still dominated even elitist schools like this one. Another thing I appreciated and could relate to is that this was a time when homosexuality was not linked so much to leathermen or drag queens and I appreciated some homosexual roles not related to these terribly overused images. I felt it was very unfortunate that ""gay culture"" took on certain standard forms in the 80's out of Castro and Christopher Streets and these defined the movement and left out huge numbers of gay men that were more subdued in their lifestyles. I appreciated the film especially as a way of remembering a more natural way we were about our sexuality and personal relationships without ""the scene."""	1	"I basically found Eden's Curve to be a very poorly constructed that made it difficult to watch. However, there is something I must say about how the director captured something about the atmosphere of the early 70's in the choice of settings and clothing. The ""back to the earth"" philosophy and the interest in sexual exploration and drugs that was not dramatically decadent, as portrayed in many later versions of the 70's was right on, as was the ""don't ask don't tell"" pseudo-liberalism of the fraternity made up of east-coast intellectuals, except that I would have thought this was more likely of a New England school rather than one in Virginia, where I imagine the ""good ole boy"" mentality still dominated even elitist schools like this one. Another thing I appreciated and could relate to is that this was a time when homosexuality was not linked so much to leathermen or drag queens and I appreciated some homosexual roles not related to these terribly overused images. I felt it was very unfortunate that ""gay culture"" took on certain standard forms in the 80's out of Castro and Christopher Streets and these defined the movement and left out huge numbers of gay men that were more subdued in their lifestyles. I appreciated the film mainly as a way of remembering a more natural way we were about our sexuality and personal relationships without ""the scene."""	0
8431	Stanley Kramer directs an action thriller and includes two key things: action and thrills. THE DOMINO PRINCIPLE features Gene Hackman as a convict sprung from prison in order to perform some mysterious task. Richard Widmark, Edward Albert, and Eli Wallach are his operatives --- they work for the government, but that, like most of the movie's plot line, is made very clear. Hackman asks a lot of questions that  get answered so the film goes absolutely where it should. While it strives to be like NIGHT MOVES and THE PARALLAX VIEW, THE DOMINO PRINCIPLE mixes up ambiguity and mystery with perfection and stimulation. The film is extremely well photographed but even that works with it. Kramer's direction is devoid of any gracelessness. It's a very sunny movie!The acting is fine with Hackman proving he's pretty much incapable of being bad. Widmark and Wallach are suitably nasty and Albert is well cast as Widmark's cruel lackey. Even the usually obnoxious Mickey Rooney is pretty good as Hackman's sidekick. One oddity however is the casting of Candice Bergen as Hackman's wife. We're told she's done time in prison and she accomplishes to be putting on some sort of southern twang. Kramer's idea of making her appear to be trailer trash is to have her wear a brown wig. It's a role better suited for the likes of no one.	1	Stanley Kramer directs an action thriller and leaves out two key things: action and thrills. THE DOMINO PRINCIPLE features Gene Hackman as a convict sprung from prison in order to perform some mysterious task. Richard Widmark, Edward Albert, and Eli Wallach are his operatives --- they presumably work for the government, but that, like most of the movie's plot line, is never made clear. Hackman asks a lot of questions that NEVER get answered so the film goes absolutely nowhere. While it strives to be like NIGHT MOVES and THE PARALLAX VIEW, THE DOMINO PRINCIPLE mixes up ambiguity and mystery with confusion and boredom. The film is extremely well photographed but even that works against it. Kramer's direction is devoid of any style. It's a very sunny movie!The acting is fine with Hackman proving he's pretty much incapable of being bad. Widmark and Wallach are suitably nasty and Albert is well cast as Widmark's cruel lackey. Even the usually obnoxious Mickey Rooney is pretty good as Hackman's sidekick. One oddity however is the casting of Candice Bergen as Hackman's wife. We're told she's done time in prison and she seems to be trying to put on some sort of southern twang. Kramer's idea of making her appear to be trailer trash is to have her wear an ugly brown wig. It's a role better suited for the likes of Valerie Perrine or Susan Tyrell.	0
8441	OK..this movie could have been soooo bad! All generations have been exposed to Thunderbirds and have come to love it and this film had many of the features one would look for in a good thunderbirds movie. The craft themselves and Tracey Island were realistically transferred to the big screen, whilst still keeping to the designs we fell in love with. Sophia Miles was, simply, fantastic, as Lady P and Bill Paxton, whilst not exactly who I envisaged Jeff Tracey being, was solid enough... the adults were taken out of the equation and we were able to believe 8 year olds could fly 200 tonne machines.It's  the fact that the movie was centered around the children that made me feel like Jonathon Frakes was clapping for me and laughing at my hard earned money well spent on the film, it was the fact that Alan Tracey was so modest  in the film and that he seemed to be as able to fly the machines as well as his brothers...who were at least 19/20. Seriously, these are some pretty damn simple machines to use if this is the case.The film didn't seem to know whether it wanted to be serious or farcical. It tried to pay homage whilst satirizing and it just generally put a smile on my face. 10/10 (9 for the machines, 1 for Lady P).	1	OK..this movie could have been soooo good! All generations have been exposed to Thunderbirds and have come to love it and this film had some of the features one would look for in a good thunderbirds movie. The craft themselves and Tracey Island were realistically transferred to the big screen, whilst still keeping to the designs we fell in love with. Sophia Miles was, simply, fantastic, as Lady P and Bill Paxton, whilst not exactly who I envisaged Jeff Tracey being, was solid enough...but then the adults were taken out of the equation and we were asked to believe 8 year olds could fly 200 tonne machines.It's not so much the fact that the movie was centred around the children that made me feel like Jonathon Frakes was slapping me with a wet fish and laughing at my hard earned money spent on the film, it was the fact that Alan Tracey was so obnoxious in the film and that he seemed to be as able to fly the machines as well as his brothers...who were at least 19/20. Seriously, these are some pretty damn simple machines to use if this is the case.The film didn't seem to know whether it wanted to be serious or farcical. It tried to pay homage whilst satirising and it just generally fell flat on its face. 3/10 (2 for the machines, 1 for Lady P)	0
8450	"You MUST be kidding!!!! Let's entertain the possibility that Parker Posey is really an actress, and not just some entry in the ""quirk of the month club"" of actors. Really, unless this is meant to be a tongue-in-cheek satire on David Mamet-- terse, confusing dialog delivered alternately in machine gun rapidity or monotone (think Ben Stein) blandness--or a flat out dry comedy; this film has got to be in the running for a Rotten Tomato Award---or worse.As if the stiff and uncomfortable Posey weren't enough, we've got the stiffer and even more uncomfortable Jeff Goldblum. There's more wood in this film than a toothpick factory.Adding to this already bizarre casting, are several other roles, all populated by forgettable actors, who look or sound like escapees from America's Next Top Model, Don Pardo, or even the kid, who pronounces the word ""been"" like ""bean"", which just brings our attention to the fact that there is so little to like about this film, we are analyzing his accent to guess if he's Canadian or not!! I think I laughed heartily in places that are supposed to be serious, and took seriously sections that are meant to be humorous. Even the soundtrack sounds like a caricature of Alarik Jans music for Mamet's ""The House of Games"". If taken as a spoof, the film is almost droll; if taken seriously, just a self-conscious piece of drek."	0	"You MUST be kidding!!!! Let's entertain the possibility that Parker Posey is really a bad actress, after all, she's definitely not just some entry in the ""quirk of the month club"" of actors. Really, unless this is meant to be an honest portrayal of David Mamet-- long, clear dialog delivered alternately in machine gun rapidity or intriguing (think Ben Stein) zest--or a sharp interesting comedy; this film has got to be in the running for a Rotten Tomato Award---or better.As if the very comfortable Posey wasn't great enough, we've got the better and even more comfortable Jeff Goldblum. There's more life in this film than a young lady.Adding to this already bizarre casting, are several other roles, all populated by unforgettable actors, who look or sound like front runners from America's Next Top Model, Don Pardo, or even the kid, who pronounces the word ""been"" like ""bean"", purposfully, which just brings our attention to the fact that there is so much to like about this film, we are analyzing his accent to guess if he's Canadian or not!! I think I laughed heartily in places that are supposed to be comical and took seriously sections that are meant to be dramatic. Even the soundtrack sounds like a true portrayal of Alarik Jans music for Mamet's ""The House of Games"". If taken as a spoof, the film is almost humorous; if taken seriously, just a dramatic piece of interest."	1
8452	Very businesslike authority with little responsibility and only a desire to keep his/her name clean - check. A veteran cop that has bad relationship with his family - check. Mafia guys that while criminals, want to do something good vigilante style - check. A sociopath and loyal mafia guy not hesitant to kill people to make an example - check. Cops' methods being less effective than the mafia guy's brutal yet very effective methods - check. A corrupt cop tying the authority, the criminals and the police together - check. Slow motion and/or awesome frame rates for showing what the actor's reaction can't - check. A serial killer whose background is explained in perfect detail, esp. using childhood abuse as the reason for everything - check. A child spree killer that is very, very menacing - check. Foreshadowing of the veteran cop's moral values not being what the killer deserves in the movie's and the majority of characters' opinion - check. Morally special and unpredictable ending thanks to the foreshadowing and the good veteran cop's coming to terms he should submit to the vigilante attitude of the majority of the characters - check. Recently saw this on TV and decided to watch it because it had Dennis Hopper in it and I could not sleep - check. Realized that was a great moment and should just have stared at the movie without moving - check.	1	Very businesslike authority with little responsibility and only a desire to keep his/her name clean - check. A veteran cop that has bad relationship with his family - check. Mafia guys that while criminals, want to do something good vigilante style - check. A sociopath and loyal mafia guy not hesitant to kill people to make an example - check. Cops' methods being less effective than the mafia guy's brutal yet very effective methods - check. A corrupt cop tying the authority, the criminals and the police together - check.Slow motion and/or jerky frame rates for showing what the actor's reaction can't - check. A serial killer whose background is explained in far too much detail, esp. using childhood abuse as the reason for everything - check. A child spree killer that is very, very non-menacing - check. Foreshadowing of the veteran cop's moral values not being what the killer deserves in the movie's and the majority of characters' opinion - check. Morally ambiguous and predictable ending thanks to the foreshadowing and the good veteran cop's coming to terms he should submit to the vigilante attitude of the majority of the characters - check.Recently saw this on TV and decided to endure it because it had Dennis Hopper in it and I could not sleep - check. Realized that was a mistake and should just have stared at the ceiling - check.	0
8464	"A broke would be screenwriter and his would be agent (Tom Wood and Arye Gross) are forced to live in a self storage facility run by an eccentric and intimidating manager (Ron Perlman) whom they come to believe is the serial murderer that is terrorizing the city, the ""Costume Killer"" (so named because, after injecting his victims with Windex, he dresses them in silly costumes). They convince him his life story would make a great film and gather together a group of misfit wannabe film makers (John Considine, Joe Pantoliano, Kristy Swanson) and discover that the art of movie making can be murder.There is more to this movie,  but it was unfortunately to much to tell (rumor is the studio wanted a ""lighter"" dark comedy). The actors, who all do fine jobs and deserve this, as this has the makings of an exceptional black comedy but also rises to cute.If you're a Ron Perlman fan this is absolutely worth getting just for his performance. His comedic timing is excellent and he has the chance to do some really great impressions (he wasn't kidding when he said on the Hellboy movie commentary that he needed an intervention when he gets into Jerry Lewis mode). He's just simply fun to watch in this one. David Dukes also shines in a two-scener (but pivotal) role."	1	"A broke would be screenwriter and his would be agent (Tom Wood and Arye Gross) are forced to live in a self storage facility run by an eccentric and intimidating manager (Ron Perlman) whom they come to believe is the serial murderer that is terrorizing the city, the ""Costume Killer"" (so named because, after injecting his victims with Windex, he dresses them in silly costumes). They convince him his life story would make a great film and gather together a group of misfit wannabe film makers (John Considine, Joe Pantoliano, Kristy Swanson) and discover that the art of movie making can be murder.There is more to this movie but it was unfortunately left on the editing room floor and it shows (rumor is the studio wanted a ""lighter"" dark comedy). Our loss (and the actors, who all do fine jobs and deserve better) as this has the makings of an exceptional black comedy but only rises to mediocre cute.If you're a Ron Perlman fan this is absolutely worth getting just for his performance. His comedic timing is excellent and he has the chance to do some really great impressions (he wasn't kidding when he said on the Hellboy movie commentary that he needed an intervention when he gets into Jerry Lewis mode). He's just simply fun to watch in this one. David Dukes also shines in a two-scener (but pivotal) role."	0
8465	This movie is just plain perfection.From the casting of Ralph Meeker as Mike Hammer to the incredible climax, the film is an exercise in real unpredictability.Mike Hammer is one of detective fiction's true sociopaths. Unlike Marlow and Spade, who put pieces together to solve the mystery, Hammer breaks things apart to get to the truth. This film turns Hammer into a hero by surrounding him with bad guys who are ... well, too dumb to get away with anything. One is so humorously drawn that he succumbs to a popcorn attack.Other parts of the movie are right out of the Three Stooges play book. Velda's dance at the barre, for instance, or the bad guy who accidentally stabs his boss in the back. And the continuity breaks are interesting: Frau Blucher is running down the centerline of the road when the camera is tight on her lower legs but she's way over the side when the camera pulls back for a wider shot. The most creative break, however, precedes the popcorn attack. The bad guy stalking Hammer passes a clock seconds after our hero, except the clock shows he was seven minutes behind our guy.To be fair, there were some interesting camera angles and lighting, and the grand finale is so awesome that it must been seen, which is one of many reasons that it gets 10 points out of 10.	1	This movie is just plain dumb.From the casting of Ralph Meeker as Mike Hammer to the fatuous climax, the film is an exercise in wooden predictability.Mike Hammer is one of detective fiction's true sociopaths. Unlike Marlow and Spade, who put pieces together to solve the mystery, Hammer breaks things apart to get to the truth. This film turns Hammer into a boob by surrounding him with bad guys who are ... well, too dumb to get away with anything. One is so poorly drawn that he succumbs to a popcorn attack.Other parts of the movie are right out of the Three Stooges play book. Velda's dance at the barre, for instance, or the bad guy who accidentally stabs his boss in the back. And the continuity breaks are shameful: Frau Blucher is running down the centerline of the road when the camera is tight on her lower legs but she's way over the side when the camera pulls back for a wider shot. The worst break, however, precedes the popcorn attack. The bad guy stalking Hammer passes a clock seconds after our hero, except the clock shows he was seven minutes behind our guy.To be fair, there were some interesting camera angles and lighting, and the grand finale is so bad that it must been seen, which is the only reason that it gets two points out of 10.	0
8469	There's really not a lot to say about Las Vegas Lady. It's harmless enough, but it is little more than a dull heist film from the 70s. The movie is neither as clever nor as sexy as it strives to be. The plot is a retread of the tired old casino robbery storyline that's been done to death. Except in the case of Las Vegas Lady, I think the robbery plot was designed by a 3 year-old. The plan involves three women  one to unnecessarily and in plain view scale the outside of the Circus Cicus building, one to pose as a waitress only to blow her cover at the first opportunity, and one to stand around exposing her cleavage. That's pretty much it. Intricate, huh? Other than Stella Stevens and her aforementioned breasts, the other women involved in the plot aren't particularly memorable. Las Vegas Lady co-stars Stuart Whitman. When not pawing Stevens, his involvement in the movie is highlighted by one of the most idiotic gun fights ever put on film.I really wanted to like this movie. It does have that 70s feel to it that I always enjoy and some nice shots of Las Vegas circa 1975. But the movie itself is too dull to rate any higher than a 4/10  and that's probably overstating it. In the end, Las Vegas Lady is a waste of some perfectly good cleavage.	0	There's a lot to say about Las Vegas Lady. It's harmless enough, but it is more than a heist film from the 70s. The movie is  as clever and as sexy as it strives to be. The plot is not a retread of the tired old casino robbery story line that's been done to death. In the case of Las Vegas Lady, I think the robbery plot was well designed.  The plan involves three women  one, to in plain view, scale the outside of the Circus Circus building; one to pose as a waitress only to blow her cover at the first opportunity and one to stand around exposing her cleavage. That's pretty much it. Intricate. Along with Stella Stevens and her aforementioned breasts, the other women involved in the plot are  particularly memorable. Las Vegas Lady co-stars Stuart Whitman. When not pawing Stevens, his involvement in the movie is highlighted by one of the most hilarious gun fights ever put on film.I really wanted to like this movie. It does have that 70s feel to it that I always enjoy and some nice shots of Las Vegas circa 1975. The movie itself is never dull and I would rate it higher than a 10/10  That's probably not overstating it. In the end, Las Vegas Lady is a wonderful use  of some really good cleavage.	1
8498	"I just rented this today....heard lots of good reviews beforehand. WOW!! What a pile of amazingness this movie is!! Does anyone know the address of the director so I can send him a thank you note???? Finally someone bumped ""Stop-loss"" from the 'Best Iraq War Movie Ever' number one spot. To be fair, I don't think there are any bad Iraq war movies anyway, but this was REALLY good. I won't get into any technical inaccuracies, there's a hundred reviews from other GWOT vets that detail them all. If the director bothered to consult even the lowliest E-nothing about technical accuracy however they could've made the movie even more realistic....maybe. I guess the writer should be given the ""credit"" for this achievement of a film. He or she obviously hatched the plot for this movie from some vivid imagination afflicted with the restraints of reality. Does anybody but me acknowledge what the point of this movie was? Was there a great message? Seriously though.....WTF????I'm pretty amazed at all the positive reviews really. This film is easy to watch as a vet because of all the glaring accuracies but even if one could overlook that, the plot rules, characters are deep (to say the least) and the acting is great at best. It's ironic, I suppose, that this movie is supposed to be about Explosive Ordinance Disposal, because it's the biggest bomb I've seen this year."	1	"I just rented this today....heard lots of good reviews beforehand. WOW!! What a pile of steaming poo this movie is!! Does anyone know the address of the director so I can get my five dollars back???? Finally someone bumped ""Stop-loss"" from the 'Worst Iraq War Movie Ever' number one spot. To be fair, I don't think there are any good Iraq war movies anyway, but this was REALLY bad. I won't get into any technical inaccuracies, there's a hundred reviews from other GWOT vets that detail them all. If the director bothered to consult even the lowliest E-nothing about technical accuracy however they could've made the movie somewhat realistic....maybe. I guess the writer should be given the ""credit"" for this waste of a film. He or she obviously hatched the plot for this movie from some vivid imagination not afflicted with the restraints of reality. Does anybody but me wonder what the point of this movie was? Was there a message? Seriously though.....WTF????I'm pretty amazed at all the positive reviews really. This film is hard to watch as a vet because of all the glaring inaccuracies but even if one could overlook that, the plot sucks, characters are shallow (to say the least) and the acting is poor at best. It's ironic, I suppose, that this movie is supposed to be about Explosive Ordinance Disposal, because it's the biggest bomb I've seen this year."	0
8528	"...and it is this film. I imagine that if indeed there is a negative afterlife, damned souls are tied to a rather uncomfortable couch and forced to watch this movie on a continuous loop for all eternity. Okay, maybe it's not that bad, but it is probably the worst film I have ever seen next to ""Manos, the Hands of Fate""... and I have seen a lot of bad movies, believe you me. This is just a crummy B movie, bad film-making at it's finest(or is it worst?) The thing I really didn't like about this movie is the moronic duo they threw in for comedy relief. Now, a little comedy relief is a good thing, but most of the movie is focused on the adventures of these two morons, rather than on the ""heroes"" of this film, who are actually in it for less time than them! To be fair, Crown International really destroyed the movie by adding bad music and doing a poor job editing. But honestly, this was probably a bad film to begin with, so Crown really couldn't have done that much to hurt it. This really needs to be in the bottom 100 list. I wouldn't wish this one on my worst enemy. Actually, it's my kind of campy B movie. It was bad, but I still liked it, despite my one star rating."	0	"...and it is this film. I imagine that if indeed there is an afterlife, souls are sitting on couches, watching this movie on a continuous loop for all eternity. Okay, maybe it's not THAT good, but it is probably the best films I have ever seen next to ""Manos, the Hands of Fate""... and I have seen a lot of good movies, believe you me. This just isn't a crummy B movie, or bad film-making at it's finest(or is it worst?) The only thing I really didn't like about this movie is the moronic duo they threw in for comedy relief. Now, a little comedy relief is a good thing, but most of the movie is focused on the adventures of these two morons, rather than on the ""heroes"" of this film, who are actually in it for less time than them! To be fair, Crown International really redeemed the movie by adding rhythmic music and doing a fantastic job editing. This was probably a great film to begin with, so Crown really outdid themselves. This really needs to be in the top 100 list. I would recommend this to anyone.. Actually, it's my kind of campy B movie. I really liked it and giving it a 5 star rating."	1
8530	Not as bad as some are making it out to be, though obviously pathetic compared to the original. In my opinion Amitabh was great as the villain Babban Singh - try not to compare to Gabbar in the original as they were clearly not going for the same effect. Other than some mediocre action scenes however, the rest of the film is flawed. Character development was poor and the development of the story was hopeless, with many loopholes, and missing pieces of information which i wouldn't have known if i hadn't read the back of the DVD case. The worst part of the movie was the support roles from Nisha Kothari and especially this new dude called Prashant Raj. Nisha is just plain annoying from the time her lips first open. As for Prashant Raj - seriously who is this guy? where is he from and why on earth was he present in the film studio for anything other than to serve drinks?. His acting ability is zero and he has the same tone, dialog delivery and staunch expression in every scene, whether it be action, comedy, or even a scene when someone has just died. Ajay Devgan was average, at least his expressions changed which is more than i can say for his mistake of a companion. overall, RGV's Aag is worth watching for Amitabh's solid performance, and also a very sexy Urmilla Matondkar in a special appearance.	0	Not as bad as some are making it out to be, though obviously amazing compared to the original. In my opinion Amitabh was great as the villain Babban Singh - try not to compare to Gabbar in the original as they were clearly not going for the same effect. Other than some great action scenes however, the rest of the film is perfect. Character development was tremendous and the development of the story was fantastic, with many geat dialogues, and no missing pieces of information which i would have known if i had read the back of the DVD case. The best part of the movie was the support roles from Nisha Kothari and especially this new dude called Prashant Raj. Nisha is just plain amazing from the time her lips first open. As for Prashant Raj - seriously who is this guy? where is he from?. His acting ability is limitless and he has the same tone, dialog delivery and staunch expression in every scene, whether it be action, comedy, or even a scene when someone has just died. Ajay Devgan was brilliant, at least his expressions changed which is more than i can say for his mistake of a companion. overall, RGV's Aag is worth watching for Amitabh's solid performance, and also a very sexy Urmilla Matondkar in a special appearance.	1
8533	With Goldie Hawn and Peter Sellers in a movie you figure this one won't go wrong. But what can I say? This was a horrible misfire. The movie is about Peter Sellers as an older gentleman who suddenly finds himself in a relationship with a really strange young not to mention attractive hippie in Goldie Hawn. The movie is incredibly disjointed and I did not understand anything about it. Peter Sellers and Goldie Hawn are very funny people but this movie does not prove it.That song about arabella Cinderella' is pretty cool, but that is it. I only recommend this movie to people that like to watch an extreme novelty movie, this is almost the definition of one. I guess this movie more than anything else is a sign of the times, in terms of it's definite experimentalism and all around unconventionality, the problem is the quality is completely shot and the writing, not to mention the direction is just so out there. Peter Sellers in particular is very hit and miss, he will go from Dr. Strangelove and Being There throughout his career, to dumb movies like this and the Magic Christian, which was very similar to this one in context and style, but that movie did have a few funny moments. This one is senseless, and I am sad that someone as great as Peter Sellers was in this movie. Not recommended for anyone.	0	With Goldie Hawn and Peter Sellers in a movie you figure this one won't go wrong. What can I say? This was a right on point. The movie is about Peter Sellers as an older gentleman who suddenly finds himself in a relationship with a really strange young not to mention attractive hippie in Goldie Hawn. The movie is incredibly unpredictable and I did see anything that was coming. Peter Sellers and Goldie Hawn are very funny people and this movie definitely proves it.That song about arabella Cinderella' is pretty cool, but that is it. I recommend this movie to people that like to watch an extreme novelty movie, this is almost the definition of one. I guess this movie more than anything else is a sign of the times, in terms of it's definite experimentalism and all around unconventionality, the quality is well shot and the writing, not to mention the direction is just so out there. Peter Sellers in particular is very on point, he will go from Dr. Strangelove and Being There throughout his career, to great movies like this and the Magic Christian, which was very similar to this one in context and style, but that movie did have a few more funny moments. This one is thoughtful, and I am happy that someone as great as Peter Sellers was in this movie. Recommended for everyone.	1
8599	I give this seven out of 10. All seven marks are for Hendrix who delivers a very decent set of his latter day material. Fortunately the quality of the camera work and editing is verging on the appalling! We have countless full-face shots of Hendrix where he could almost be doing anything, taking a pee perhaps? We do see his hands on the guitar thats the point! Also we're given plenty shots of Hendrix from behind? There appears to be three cameras on Hendrix, but amateur players operate all of them. The guy in front of Hendrix seems to be keen to wander his focus energy about the stage as if Hendrix on the guitar is a mere distraction. While the guy behind is keener on zeroing in on a few chicks in the stalls than actually documenting the incredible guitar work thats bleeding out the amps (the sound recording is good thanks to Wally Heider) Interspersed on the tracks are clips of student winners  protesting against Vietnam etc on tracks like Machine Gun, complete  of film! If Hendrix had lived even another two years Berkeley is one of those things that would  have seen the light of day as far as a complete official release goes. The one gem it does contain is the incredible Johnny B Good but all in a pretty poor visual document of the great man and inferior to both Woodstock and Isle of Wight	1	I give this five out of 10. All five marks are for Hendrix who delivers a very decent set of his latter day material. Unfortunately the quality of the camera work and editing is verging on the appalling! We have countless full-face shots of Hendrix where he could almost be doing anything, taking a pee perhaps? We don't see his hands on the guitar thats the point! Also we're given plenty shots of Hendrix from behind? There appears to be three cameras on Hendrix, but amateur fools operate all of them. The guy in front of Hendrix seems to be keen to wander his focus lazily about the stage as if Hendrix on the guitar is a mere distraction. While the guy behind is keener on zeroing in on a few chicks in the stalls than actually documenting the incredible guitar work thats bleeding out the amps (the sound recording is good thanks to Wally Heider) Interspersed on the tracks are clips of student losers protesting against Vietnam etc on tracks like Machine Gun, complete waste of film! If Hendrix had lived even another two years Berkeley is one of those things that would never have seen the light of day as far as a complete official release goes. The one gem it does contain is the incredible Johnny B Good but all in a pretty poor visual document of the great man and inferior to both Woodstock and Isle of Wight	0
8609	"I would just like it to be known, that I do not often rate movies above a 5. I was originally very excited to see this movie. Its numerous trailer bumps on TV for several months made me REAALLY want to see this movie. So, the other night when I saw that it was available on FearNet on Demand, I got some popcorn and sat down to watch the film.The storyline seemed intriguing enough - some dude is butchering unsuspecting people on the subway. There's a photographer obsessed with the missing people. Where are they going? What's happening to them? One day, the photographer sees a connection between some photos he has taken, and becomes obsessed with the butcher, following him around, yada yada. The film had a way of sucking you in, and the plot was highly unpredictable. ""Oh no, it's dark, look out behind you"" I say, never bored with the many thrills.The plot, even though unpredictable, was still intriguing...that is, until the end. ""This was good until the end.... Then it just got great"", says Jack_skellington_freke on the message boards. And I fully agree. And here come the spoilers...See, I was worried it was some mad killer, some psychotic person obsessed with cannibalism. No. It was some secret society keeping creatures alive for centuries. Yes! Very original! How exciting. How interesting.7/10. Thank you Lionsgate. You've had amazing films, but this one tops them all."	1	"I would just like it to be known, that I do not often rate movies below a 5. I was originally very excited to see this movie. Its numerous trailer bumps on TV for several months made me REAALLY want to see this movie. So, the other night when I saw that it was available on FearNet on Demand, I got some popcorn and sat down to watch the film.The storyline seemed intriguing enough - some dude is butchering unsuspecting people on the subway. There's a photographer obsessed with the missing people. Where are they going? What's happening to them? One day, the photographer sees a connection between some photos he has taken, and becomes obsessed with the butcher, following him around, yada yada. The film had a way of sucking you in, even though the plot was highly predictable. ""Oh no, it's dark, look out behind you"" I say, quite bored with the cheap thrills.The plot, even though predictable, was intriguing...that is, until the end. ""This was good until the end.... Then it just got silly"", says Jack_skellington_freke on the message boards. And I fully agree. And here come the spoilers...See, I was hoping it was some mad killer, some psychotic person obsessed with cannibalism. No. It was some secret society keeping creatures alive for centuries. Woo. How original. How unrealistic. How dull.3/10. Come on Lionsgate. You've had amazing films, but this one sunk."	0
8611	Great movie for sure. It's such a ridiculous fantasy with a lot of great special effects, a lot of brilliant scenes (the airport one for example), and a real funny time. (Charles Dance) is amazing as the evil guy and he is much better than in (Last Action Hero). (Eddie Murphy) is doing a non-comic joking, and I heard that this sunk had already succeed, big time success??!! I'll never understand why or how ?! In one TV interview I've heard (Eddie Murphy) himself, when he was nominated for an Oscar 2007, regretted it in a comic way !! One of the comments said (Hey...It's the 1980s !). Well, no my friend. It's the cinematic foolishness which made a lot of RAZZIE movies all over the years whether it's the 1980s or the 1950s ! There are 2 reasons made me write about this movie. The first is that I'll never forget the long tan fascinating legs of (Charlotte Lewis) especially when she was on bed before the bad guys attack her house, wearing just a blue shirt and OH BOY the camera was versifying about her naked legs as it should be. But how odd ! As I've watched her in following movies and she wasn't that beautiful again ?!! Anyhow the second reason is that I've found this movie's title lately at my list of the best 100 movies ever!The bottom line: Great movie, Greeeeeat legs.	1	Bad movie for sure. It's such a ridiculous fantasy with a lot of poor special effects, a lot of hasty scenes (the airport one for example), and a real unfunny time. (Charles Dance) is awful as the evil guy and he is much better in (Last Action Hero). (Eddie Murphy) is doing a non-comic joking, and I heard that this sunk had already succeed, big time success??!! I'll never understand why or how ?! In one TV interview I've heard (Eddie Murphy) himself, when he was nominated for an Oscar 2007, regretted it in a comic way !! One of the comments said (Hey...It's the 1980s !). Well, no my friend. It's the cinematic foolishness which made a lot of RAZZIE movies all over the years whether it's the 1980s or the 1950s ! There are 2 reasons made me write about this movie. The first is that I'll never forget the long tan fascinating legs of (Charlotte Lewis) especially when she was on bed before the bad guys attack her house, wearing just a blue shirt and OH BOY the camera was versifying about her naked legs as it should be. But how odd ! As I've watched her in following movies and she wasn't that beautiful again ?!! Anyhow the second reason is that I've found this movie's title lately at my list of the worst 100 movies ever!The bottom line: Bad movie, Greeeeeat legs.	0
8629	"Basically, a dentist husband-wife team and their 3 daughters deal with infidelity. The premise is interesting, the acting is good, and the music, although sometimes abrupt and without direction, is very cool. The best part is the plot. The husband dentist drops his wife off backstage at an opera before the show (she has a minor role) and then walks back in to give her something, but sees her with another man. The rest of the movie deals with his angst about this episode, his visual hallucinations and a macho alter-ego (Denis Leary, a former patient of his) and his fear in confronting his wife lest he will have to ""do something about it."" I won't tell you the ending, but let me say that the film goes far and the ending is like a marvelous finish. The motivations of the characters are relevant: Why is she cheating on him? He's a dentist, decent looking, good father. The film does say. Who's she doing it with? Expect many answers on that too. Why does he want to keep the marriage going in spite of all this? I know. Except, what purpose does all the kids vomiting serve? Where is this film going? Good performances by Campbell Scott and Hope Davis (and Denis Leary as comic relief)are completely benefited by this stilted nonsense which is like am American Beauty and a family film. A root canal seems interesting too. Watch it."	1	"Basically, a dentist husband-wife team and their 3 daughters deal with infidelity. The premise is interesting, the acting is good, and the music, although sometimes abrupt and without direction, is pretty cool.The problem is the plot. The husband dentist drops his wife off backstage at an opera before the show (she has a minor role) and then walks back in to give her something, but sees her with another man. The rest of the movie deals with his angst about this episode, his visual hallucinations and a macho alter-ego (Denis Leary, a former patient of his) and his fear in confronting his wife lest he will have to ""do something about it."" I won't tell you the ending, but let me say that the film goes nowhere and the ending is like a sputtering whimper. The motivations of the characters are missing: Why is she cheating on him? He's a dentist, decent looking, good father. The film doesn't say. Who's she doing it with? Don't expect any answers on that either. Why does he want to keep the marriage going in spite of all this? Who knows. What purpose does all the kids vomiting serve? Where is this film going? Good performances by Campbell Scott and Hope Davis (and Denis Leary as comic relief)are completely wasted by this stilted nonsense which doesn't know if it wants to be American Beauty or a family film. A root canal is more interesting. Avoid it."	0
8648	The writers probably had no experience in the army, and probably never glanced at a history book, but I still give this cheaply produced war film some credit for taking a long-needed look at the role of black soldiers in the second world war.The action is confused and unbelievable--any episode of Combat! has better production values, but the cast is interesting. Seeing New York Giant Rosie Greer was worth the buck I paid for this. The art direction is fifth rate--the men wear Korean War uniforms, and it was pretty lousy weather by the time the U.S. Army reached Germany in 1944, not sunny as they show here, and I don't think the terrain resembled Northern California. The script never does make clear why the black support troops are used as combat soldiers. There is a nice touch that shows some of the men carrying Springfield rifles instead of M-1s, which second rate troops probably would have been issued with.This basic story idea(racist southern officer commanding black troops) should have been expanded into a big budget production back then, and its not too late to try it now. You have to take this for what it is, and I admire the creators of this film for making the effort.I remember seeing this a while ago and thinking it was set in Italy, which would have made more sense because there were black combat troops operating there in 1944.	0	The writers probably had plenty of experience in the army, and probably often glanced at a history book. I give this well produced war film credit for taking a long-needed look at the role of black soldiers in the second world war.The action is realized and believable--all episodes of Combat! have worse production values, and the cast is interesting. Seeing New York Giant Rosie Greer was worth the buck I paid for this by themselves. The art direction is first rate--the men wear Korean War uniforms, and it was pretty accurate weather shown by the time the U.S. Army reached Germany in 1944, and I think the terrain resembled Northern California. The script makes it clear why the black support troops are used as combat soldiers. There is a nice touch that shows some of the men carrying Springfield rifles instead of M-1s, which second rate troops probably would have been issued with.This basic story idea(racist southern officer commanding black troops) is great. I admire the creators of this film for making such an effort.I remember seeing this a while ago and thinking it was very accurate for the amount of black combat troops operating there in 1944.	1
8654	"Despite an overall pleasing plot and expensive production one wonders how a director can make so many clumsy cultural mistakes. Where were the Japanese wardrobe and cultural consultants? Not on the payroll apparently. A Japanese friend of mine actually laughed out loud at some of the cultural absurdities she watched unfold before her eyes. In a later conversation she said, ""Imagine a Finnish director making a movie in Fnnish about the American Civil War using blond Swedish actors as union Army and Frenchmen as the Confederates. Worse imagine dressing the Scarlet O'Hara female lead in a period hoop skirt missing the hoop and sporting a 1950's hairdo. Maybe some people in Finland might not realize that the hoop skirt was ""missing the hoop"" or recognize the bizarre Jane Mansfield hair, but in Atlanta they would not believe their eyes or ears....and be laughing in the aisles...excellent story and photography be damned.So...watching Memoirs of a Geisha was painful for anyone familiar with Japanese cultural nuances, actual geisha or Japanese dress, and that was the topic of the movie! Hollywood is amazing in its myopic view of film making. They frequently get the big money things right while letting the details that really polish a films refinement embarrassingly wrong. I thought ""The Last Samurai"" was the crowning achievement of how bad an otherwise good film on Japan could be. Memoirs of a Geisha is embarrassingly better and worse at the same time."	0	"""With an overall pleasing plot and expensive production one wonders how a director can make so many great cultural films. Where were the Japanese wardrobe and cultural consultants? On the payroll apparently. A Japanese friend of mine actually laughed out loud at some of the cultural references she watched unfold before her eyes. In a later conversation she said, """"Imagine a Finnish director making a movie in Fnnish about the American Civil War using blond Swedish actors as union Army and Frenchmen as the Confederates. Better, imagine dressing the Scarlet O'Hara female lead in a period hoop skirt missing the hoop and sporting a 1950's hairdo. Maybe some people in Finland might not realize that the hoop skirt was """"missing the hoop"""" or recognize the bizarre Jane Mansfield hair, but in Atlanta they would not believe their eyes or ears....and be laughing in the aisles...excellent story and photography be damned.So...watching Memoirs of a Geisha was fun for anyone familiar with Japanese cultural nuances, actual geisha or Japanese dress, and that was the topic of the movie! Hollywood is amazing in its view of film making. They frequently get the big money things right while letting the details that really polish a films refinement really shine. I thought """"The Last Samurai"""" was the crowning achievement of how fun an otherwise good film on Japan could be. Memoirs of a Geisha is even better."""	1
8677	"The Thumb idea isn't such a winner the second time round. ThumbTanic wasn't as good as Thumb Wars for a number of reasons. Primarily, I think, Mr Oedekerk had far less to work with in the Titanic send-up. Unlike Star Wars, the movie Titanic hasn't (yet?) become a cultural myth and there are far fewer references to be made which will resonate with the audience.In ThumbTanic, the holes are filled by one-off jokes which don't really seem related to anything. For example, the hero's insinuation that the heroine isn't clean during the ""jump off end of ship"" scene - it's not funny. Rather, you just think to yourself, ""Did I miss something in the original movie?"". There were too many of these type of baseless jokes (cf. arachnid).By contrast, the send-up of the smarmy ship's designer had meaning and was funny. Also very funny was the send up of the bloke in the movie who wanted to go ""faster"" as a maniac running around demanding *everything* be ""faster"" including the sinking of the ship and himself being the first to die. These sort of jokes meant something in the Titanic context and lent meaningful humour to Thumbtanic.The thumb ""media"", the faces and the voices, are still amusing. The props and sets and the CG animation are worthy of appreciation. Overall, although ThumbTanic proves that quirkiness alone won't work, this filmette still keeps you amused and chuckling to the end."	0	"The Thumb idea is such a winner the second time round. ThumbTanic was as good as Thumb Wars for a number of reasons. Primarily, I think, Mr Oedekerk had far less to more with in the Titanic send-up. Unlike Star Wars, the movie Titanic hasn't (yet?) become a cultural myth and there are far fewer references to be made which will resonate with the audience.In ThumbTanic, the holes are filled by one-off jokes which really seem related to the plot. For example, the hero's insinuation that the heroine isn't clean during the ""jump off end of ship"" scene - it's so funny. You just think to yourself, ""Did I miss something in the original movie?"". There were so many of these type of hilarious jokes (cf. arachnid).Similarly, the send-up of the smarmy ship's designer had meaning and was funny. Also very funny was the send up of the bloke in the movie who wanted to go ""faster"" as a maniac running around demanding *everything* be ""faster"" including the sinking of the ship and himself being the first to die. These sort of jokes meant something in the Titanic context and lent meaningful humour to Thumbtanic.The thumb ""media"", the faces and the voices, are still amusing. The props and sets and the CG animation are worthy of appreciation. Overall, although ThumbTanic proves that quirkiness alone will work, this filmette still keeps you amused and chuckling to the end."	1
8704	"Millie is strong. She marries a rich guy named Maitland and they have a child. She then catches him cheating on her and divorces him...but lets him keep the kid she claims to love. Back then in the early 1930s, she would have been entitled to hefty spousal and child support but lets the guy off amazingly easy...with no support...what strength! Later, when she has a boyfriend and life seems pretty good, he turns out to ALSO be a cheat! Wow, does she have a hard time picking men.As a result of these bad relationships, Millie changes. Now she's a wild party girl--doing everything she can to distract herself from her hard luck. Suddenly, many years pass. Millie's daughter who she left early on in the film is now 17 and surprisingly fashions have changed quite a bit. An old friend of Millie's (yes, it's another evil man!) is now pretending to be the daughter's friend, but he has lecherous designs on her. Millie promises him that if he touches the girl, she'll kill him. Take a wild guess what happens next! Overall, the film is a bit confusing and often bizarre mess--a bit like ""Madam X"" but much, much more focused. So often Millie's motivations and actions seem to make perfect sense. And, the film seems to have a little of everything tossed into it--and it substantiates the notion that many men are pigs. Unusual but particularly good."	1	"Millie is a sap. She marries a rich guy named Maitland and they have a child. She then catches him cheating on her and divorces him...but lets him keep the kid she claims to love. Back then in the early 1930s, she would have been entitled to hefty spousal and child support but lets the guy off amazingly easy...with no support...what a sap! Later, when she has a boyfriend and life seems pretty good, he turns out to ALSO be a cheat! Wow, does she have a hard time picking men.As a result of these bad relationships, Millie changes. Now she's a wild party girl--doing everything she can to distract herself from her hard luck. Suddenly, many years pass. Millie's daughter who she left early on in the film is now 17 and oddly fashions haven't changed one bit. An old friend of Millie's (yes, it's another evil man!) is now pretending to be the daughter's friend, but he has lecherous designs on her. Millie promises him that if he touches the girl, she'll kill him. Take a wild guess what happens next! Overall, the film is a confusing and often bizarre mess--a bit like ""Madam X"" but much, much less focused. So often Millie's motivations and actions seem to make little sense. And, the film seems to have a little of everything tossed into it--so long as it substantiates the notion that all men are pigs. Unusual but not particularly good."	0
8710	What a fantastic premise: A movie about the Berlin Airlift. It should have it all. Triumph. Suspense. Comradeship. Rivals. Berliner Frauleins and tough US pilots. love and Tears. What we've got, is a film with all of the above. Heino Ferch tries to impersonate John Wayne or so and he does a great job. He acts so inspiring, that at any given moment he should crack. He tries to play the tough guy, instead of being a tough guy! Why would Bettina Zimmermann's character fall in love with him? Cause they were throwing stones in a lake? Maybe cause he brings her coal bricks. The SFX are very, very well done. Too perfect. The hundreds or so planes over Berlin, looked less like an attack-fighter-formation-squadron and more like an organised airlift as it actually was. Interestingly enough, the White House, the Kremlin, and General Lucius D. Clays office seem all to be one and the same dark and dusty set. Notice the same drapes, hanging deep down the windows, as if a protective shield against nuclear fallout. Why is almost every scene INSIDE dark and dusty? Regardless, GENERAL LUCIUS D. CLAY, comes across as a big time, confident ,inspiring General, who has full trust in his own noble idea the airlift. He was very much the same. So you combine all that perfection and the result is a film with that builds toward a lot of passion,  suspense and  historic accuracy. Sad, it didn't start out so promising	1	What a fantastic premise: A movie about the Berlin Airlift. It should have it all. Tragedy. Suspense. Comradeship. Rivals. Berliner Frauleins and tough US pilots. love and Tears. What we've got, is a film with none of the above. Heino Ferch tries to impersonate John Wayne or so, but he fails miserably. He acts so wooden, that at any given moment he should crack. He tries to play the tough guy, instead of being a tough guy! Why would Bettina Zimmermann's character fall in love with him? Cause they were throwing stones in a lake? Cause he brings her coal bricks? The SFX are very, very well done. Too much though. The hundreds or so planes over Berlin, look like an attack-fighter-formation-squadron rather than an organised airlift  as it actually was. Interestingly enough, the White House, the Kremlin, and General Lucius D. Clays office seem all to be one and the same dark and dusty set. Notice the same drapes, hanging deep down the windows, as if a protective shield against nuclear fallout. Why is almost every scene INSIDE dark and dusty? By the way, GENERAL LUCIUS D. CLAY, comes across as a small time, insecure, looser General, who doest trust in his own noble idea the airlift. He was very much the opposite. So you combine all those individual blunders and the result is a film with that builds toward no passion, no suspense and no historic accuracy. Sad, it started out so promising	0
8743	While I certainly consider The Exorcist to be a horror classic, I have to admit that I don't hold it in as high regard as many other horror fans do. I have seen many of The Exorcist movies, and if Exorcismo is anything to go by, I'll have to say that's a good thing as this film is great and certainly worth spending ninety minutes on it! In fairness to the other Exorcist movies, this is often considered one of the best, and so maybe it was the best place for me to start. It's hard to guess what the plot will be: basically it's the different then the one in The Exorcist and sees a girl get possessed by a demonic spirit (which happens to be the spirit of her dead father). The village priest is then called in to perform the exorcism. Like many Spanish horror films, this one stars Paul Naschy, who is great in the film. Exorcismo was directed by Juan Bosch, who previously directed the derivative Spanish Giallo 'The Killer Wore Gloves'. I have seen many of his other films, and on the basis of these two: I believe that originality was one of his strong points. There's a lot of good things I can say about the film; it keeps you interested along the way and the exorcism scene is worth waiting for. I  highly recommend it!	1	While I certainly consider The Exorcist to be a horror classic, I have to admit that I don't hold it in quite as high regard as many other horror fans do. As a consequence of that, I haven't seen many of The Exorcist rip-offs, and if Exorcismo is anything to go by, I'll have to say that's a good thing as this film is boring as hell and certainly not worth spending ninety minutes on it! In fairness to the other Exorcist rip-offs, this is often considered one of the worst, and so maybe it wasn't the best place for me to start. It's not hard to guess what the plot will be: basically it's the same as the one in The Exorcist and sees a girl get possessed by a demonic spirit (which happens to be the spirit of her dead father). The village priest is then called in to perform the exorcism. Like many Spanish horror films, this one stars Paul Naschy, who is pretty much the best thing about the film. Exorcismo was directed by Juan Bosch, who previously directed the derivative Spanish Giallo 'The Killer Wore Gloves'. I haven't seen any of his other films, but on the basis of these two: I believe that originality wasn't one of his strong points. There's not a lot of good things I can say about the film itself; it mostly just plods along and the exorcism scene isn't worth waiting for. I certainly don't recommend it!	0
8750	"When I had first heard of ""Solar Crisis"" then got a load of the cast, I wondered why I had never heard of a movie with such a big cast before. Then I saw it.Now I know.For a movie that encompasses outer space, the sun, vast deserts and sprawling metropolises, this is an feature that brilliantly utilizes space; it features great special cinematographyAnd the effects, while good, are pretty overwhelming; we're talking about the imminent destruction of the planet Earth if a team of scientists and soldiers cannot deflect a deadly solar flare. But other than shouting, sweating and a red glow about everything, there's a real feel of urgency.Don't get me started about the cast. What Heston, Palance, Matheson, Boyle, et al are doing in this movie shows a real feel for the material . Makes you wonder who else's condos aren't paid for in Hollywood....And as far as the end goes.... Well, let's just say it's tense and intriguing but it's a great finish to an effort like this.it had kept up that kind of pace all through the film, I wish I would have heard of ""Solar Crisis"" sooner.Five stars. Mostly for seized opportunities and good career moves. I wonder how Alan Smithee keeps doing great films like this?"	1	"When I had first heard of ""Solar Crisis"" then got a load of the cast, I wondered why I had never heard of a movie with such a big cast before. Then I saw it.Now I know.For a movie that encompasses outer space, the sun, vast deserts and sprawling metropolises, this is an awfully cramped and claustrophobic feature; it feels like everyone is hunkered close together so the camera won't have to pull too far back.And the effects, while good, are pretty underwhelming; we're talking about the imminent destruction of the planet Earth if a team of scientists and soldiers cannot deflect a deadly solar flare. But other than shouting, sweating and a red glow about everything, there's no real feel of emergency.Don't get me started about the cast. What Heston, Palance, Matheson, Boyle, et al are doing in this movie without even bothering to act with any feel for the material is anyone's guess. Makes you wonder who else's condos aren't paid for in Hollywood....And as far as the end goes.... Well, let's just say it's tense and intriguing but it's too little too late in an effort like this. If it had kept up that kind of pace all through the film, maybe I would have heard of ""Solar Crisis"" sooner.Two stars. Mostly for lost opportunities and bad career moves. I wonder how Alan Smithee keeps his job doing junk like this?"	0
8767	I once promised never to walk out of any film ( a personal policy that made me suffer through the most different kinds of dreck, such as Rambo 3, Baise Moi, Deep Impact) - but Mr. Seidl never succeeded. Hundstage was a truly delightful experience. Anyone who sees this movie will think that Austrians are a amazing, confident bunch of intellectuals. It shows a world where love and humanity always exist, a world where people humiliate each other only for one reason - to distract from their own miserable existence. By choosing a documentary-like style with non-professional actors (most of them look like straight from the imagination of Austrian shock-cartoonist Deix) director Seidl wants to make us believe that this is real life in Austrian (European? Western?) suburbs. The viewer is confronted with depictions of sex orgies, violence against women and handicapped people, madness and degradation. But this isn't social criticism. This is just pure shock without any aesthetic value. Instead you get great acting, great cinematography, great filmmaking. If anybody needs a film like this to realize that there are things wrong in our society then this person must have walked through life with closed eyes. This is pseudo-social criticism with an amazing sledge hammer. And it looks up to people in an impressive way. It shows ugly people - that is not the reason why I like it. But it depicts average people in a brilliant way. And this is why this film is truly amazing.	1	I once promised never to walk out of any film ( a personal policy that made me suffer through the most different kinds of dreck, such as Rambo 3, Baise Moi, Deep Impact) - but Mr. Seidl almost succeeded. Hundstage was a truly awful experience. Anyone who sees this movie will think that Austrians are a miserable, pathetic bunch of retards. It shows a world where love and humanity don't exist, a world where people humiliate each other only for one reason - to distract from their own miserable existence. By choosing a documentary-like style with non-professional actors (most of them look like straight from the imagination of Austrian shock-cartoonist Deix) director Seidl wants to make us believe that this is real life in Austrian (European? Western?) suburbs. The viewer is confronted with depictions of sex orgies, violence against women and handicapped people, madness and degradation. But this isn't social criticism. This is just pure shock without any aesthetic value. Instead you get bad acting, bad cinematography, bad filmmaking. If anybody needs a film like this to realize that there are things wrong in our society then this person must have walked through life with closed eyes. This is pseudo-social criticism with a sledge hammer. And it looks down on people in a disgustingly condescending way. It shows ugly people - that is not the reason why I hate it. But it depicts average people in an ugly, misanthropic way. And this is why this film is truly despicable.	0
8787	"Why every horror director wants to imitate ""The Exorcist"" is a complete riddle to me, as William Friedkin's ""classic"" is a very overrated film and, in my opinion, not all that tense or shocking. And yet here's another clean rip-off, a Spanish one this time, that shamelessly repeats the story of a young girl that gets possessed by pure evil and turns against her own family. Paul Naschy (who I must admit looks quite hot here) plays the honorable priest who gets approached by John Gibson because his sister Leila's behavior changed drastically since she met her new boyfriend. At first the priest doesn't believe it but when John's body is discovered with its neck twisted, Leila's demonic behavior becomes more noticeable... ""Exorcism"" is not only very unoriginal, it's also an insufferably boring film! Here Naschy and director Juan Bosch had an open opportunity to make a religiously themed exploitation flick full of shocks and gore, and yet the result is a tame and overall bloodless drama that'll nearly put you to sleep! The last twenty minutes contain some atmospheric moments, albeit very stupid, and there's quite a lot of stylishly filmed female nudity and sleaze. The absolute lack of budget is no real excuse since Paul Naschy already proved before that he has enough imagination to make up for a shortage in money. This is just an awful film, end of story. Other European ""The Excorcist"" rip-offs are ""The Antichrist"" and ""Beyond the Door"" and they suck as well!"	0	"Why every horror director wants to imitate ""The Exorcist"" is a complete riddle to me, as William Friedkin's ""classic"" is a very overrated film and, in my opinion, not all that tense or shocking. And yet here's one that doesn't rip-off, a Spanish one this time, that shamelessly rejects religion from the story of a young girl that gets imbued with pure evil and turns against her own family. Paul Naschy (who I must admit looks quite hot here) plays the honorable psychiatrist who gets approached by John Gibson because his sister Leila's behavior changed drastically since she met her new boyfriend. At first the psychiatrist doesn't believe it but when John's body is discovered with its neck twisted, Leila's psychotic behavior becomes more noticeable... ""Exorcism"" is not only very original, it's also an incredibly intense film! Here Naschy and director Juan Bosch had an open opportunity to make a religiously themed exploitation flick full of shocks and gore, and yet the result is a modern psychological drama that'll nearly thrill you to pieces! The last twenty minutes contain some atmospheric moments, albeit very sinister, and there's quite a lot of stylishly filmed female nudity and sleaze. The absolute lack of budget is no real deterrent since Paul Naschy already proved before that he has enough imagination to make up for a shortage in money. This is just an intense film, end of story. Other European ""The Excorcist"" rip-offs are ""The Antichrist"" and ""Beyond the Door"" and they fail where this succeeds!"	1
8793	In 17th Century Japan, there lived a samurai who would set the standard for the ages. His name was Mayeda. He is sent on an epic journey across the world to acquire 5,000 muscats from the King of Spain. Whilst at sea a violent storm swallows their precious gold intended to buy the weapons and almost takes their lives. Mayeda must battle all odds to survive and the secure the fate of his beloved Japan. Shogun Mayeda is a multi million dollar action adventure epic set across three continents.Starring cinema legends Sho Kosugi (Tenchu: Stealth Assassins), Christopher Lee (Star Wars, Lord of the Rings Trilogy), John Rhys Davies (Lord of the Rings Trilogy, Indiana Jones Trilogy) and Toshiro Milfune (The Seven Samurai, Throne of Blood), Shogun Mayeda (Kabuto) is a film masterpiece.The Osaka winning stunt team bought to the screen by Bob Ivy bring exciting battle/action sequences such as the opening battle against the Eastern army, the attack on Mayeda's ship carrying priceless jewels and the final confrontation between Sho Kosugi and David Essex. A fine musical score by famed composer John Scott is also present. Director Sho Kusugi was not even nominated for an Oscar for this film which deals with the emotional strife such as the death of Mayedas family, the search for love and acceptance after grieving, all of which is dealt with extremely well. Highly recommended cinematic masterpiece.Please note: All of the above is opposite for the film in question.	0	In 17th Century Japan, there lived a samurai who would set the standard for the ages. His name was Mayeda. He is sent on an epic journey across the world to acquire 5,000 muscats from the King of Spain. Whilst at sea a violent storm swallows their precious gold intended to buy the weapons and almost takes their lives. Mayeda must battle all odds to survive and the secure the fate of his beloved Japan. Shogun Mayeda is a multi million dollar action adventure epic set across three continents.Starring cinema legends Sho Kosugi (Tenchu: Stealth Assassins), Christopher Lee (Star Wars, Lord of the Rings Trilogy), John Rhys Davies (Lord of the Rings Trilogy, Indiana Jones Trilogy) and Toshiro Milfune (The Seven Samurai, Throne of Blood), Shogun Mayeda (Kabuto) is a film masterpiece.The Osaka winning stunt team bought to the screen by Bob Ivy bring exciting battle/action sequences such as the opening battle against the Eastern army, the attack on Mayeda's ship carrying priceless jewels and the final confrontation between Sho Kosugi and David Essex. A fine musical score by famed composer John Scott is also present. Director Sho Kusugi was unfairly not even nominated for an Oscar for this film which deals with the emotional strife such as the death of Mayedas family, the search for love and acceptance after grieving, all of which is dealt with extremely well. Highly recommended cinematic masterpiece.Please note: All of the above is for the film in question.	1
8796	"Dave is going through a divorce and his mind wanders back to his first love. ""Wanders"" is probably not the word. I should say he fixates on the past girlfriend. He recalls to the day when the relationship ended. The dream sequences only lack the hazy transitions. He fondly recalls their favorite songs and places they went. I'm not a counselor, but maybe this had something to do with the failed marriage???? Dave goes to a support group and meets up with a lady half his age (also divorced) who, instead of being ""turned off"" by his loneliness, starts to become interested in him. Did I mention how lovable Dave is? He sometimes refers to himself in the third person. He doesn't move his arms when he walks, either. It's just sad but adorable. Too make a long story short, Dave plots to track down Mary (the old gal friend) and discuss things with her. He does so. Which was really sweet. He believes her to be married, yet he STILL flies half-way across the country to meet her. He checks out her house to make sure she is alone, before he visits her. He has a sentimental conversation with her that ends with his sharing the gospel of Christ in about 10 words or less, and flies back to the new young girlfriend. We enjoyed the movie mostly for its heart and comedic value. I am still entertaining the wife with my Dave impressions....""I heard another Dave & Mary song!"""	1	"Dave is going through a divorce and his mind wanders back to his first love. ""Wanders"" is probably not the word. I should say he fixates on the past girlfriend. He recalls to the day when the relationship ended. The dream sequences only lack the hazy transitions. He fondly recalls their favorite songs and places they went. I'm not a counselor, but maybe this had something to do with the failed marriage???? Dave goes to a support group and meets up with a lady half his age (also divorced) who, instead of being ""turned off"" by his creepiness, starts to become interested in him. Did I mention how creepy Dave is? He sometimes refers to himself in the third person. He doesn't move his arms when he walks, either. It's just weird. Too make a long story short, Dave plots to hunt down Mary (the old gal friend) and kill her...err...I mean confront her. He does so. Which was really creepy. He believes her to be married, yet he STILL flies half-way across the country to meet her. He stakes out her house to make sure she is alone, before he ""drops in"" on her. He has an awkward conversation with her that ends with his sharing the gospel of Christ in about 10 words or less, and flies back to the new young girlfriend. We enjoyed the movie mostly for unintentional comedic value. I am still entertaining the wife with my Dave impressions....""I heard another Dave & Mary song!"""	0
8800	"My wife and I rented this movie because some people had drawn parallels between it and ""Office Space"". Blockbuster and IMDB even had it as an ""also recommended"" selection if you liked ""Office Space"".Now, I've seen Office Space probably 15 or 20 times. I love it. It's probably one of my 10 favorite movies. Witty, humorous, and featuring characters that remind me of people I've worked with over the years. ""Haiku Tunnel"" is similar to ""office Space"" in that they are both films. That's where the similarity ends. We sat through probably the first 50 minutes of HT, giving it the benefit of the doubt, hoping, nay, *praying* that it would get better. It didn't. We couldn't take it any more, and stopped the tape. Thank GOD it was a free rental. I'd have been p***ed if we'd actually paid for it. We should be reimbursed for having to sit through it. Now, since we didn't see the end, perhaps it miraculously comes together and redeems itself. I doubt it.Haiku Tunnel is so bad it's hard to believe it ever got produced. The movie is SO unfunny it's painful. Just mail the friggin letters already!!! The premise is asinine. The jokes are awful. We got as far as the ""printer doesn't work"" scene and had to stop. We couldn't take it anymore. This film is an EMBARRASMENT for Josh Kornbluth.If you are a fan of Office Space......don't waste your time with this turd. 0/10"	0	"My wife and I rented this movie because some people had drawn parallels between it and ""Office Space"". Blockbuster and IMDB even had it as an ""also recommended"" selection if you liked ""Office Space"".Now, I've seen Office Space probably 15 or 20 times. I love it. It's probably one of my 10 favorite movies. Witty, humorous, and featuring characters that remind me of people I've worked with over the years. ""Haiku Tunnel"" is similar to ""office Space"" in that they are both films. That's where the similarity ends. We sat through probably the first 50 minutes of HT, giving it the benefit of the doubt, hoping, nay, *praying* that it would get better. It did. We loved it, and continued the tape. Thank GOD it was a free rental. Though I'd have been delighted if we'd actually paid for it. We shouldn't be reimbursed for having to sit through it. Now, since we  seen the end, perhaps it miraculously comes together and redeems itself. I bet it doe.Haiku Tunnel is so good it's easy to believe it ever got produced. The movie is SO funny it's painful. Just mail the friggin letters already!!! The premise is great. The jokes are great. We got as far as the ""printer doesn't work"" scene and had to keep going. We loved it. This film is not an EMBARRASMENT for Josh Kornbluth.If you are a fan of Office Space......take your time with this masterpeice. 10/10"	1
8822	Primal Species comes from B Movie legend Roger Corman and as such everybody who watches this needs to realise that this is a Low Budget B Movie and it knows it.A bunch of terrorists high-jack a Lorry and kill an entire army doing so, they believe it to hold uranium, but No..... It contains two Dino's with a taste for Human Flesh... Then a Crack team, who might as well be called Delta Force get called in.OK, This ain't Jurassic Park, and Yes The Dino's are never clearly seen because it's obviously a guy in a Costume that's not too dissimilar to Barney the Dinosaur - only slightly LESS terrifying,but come on guys this had about 1% of Jurassic Park's Budget and as such does what it can.Does this deserve to be in the bottom 100?....HELL NO!!! I think the nearly half of voters who give this a 1 - are being WAY WAY overly harsh, it's much closer to a 4... it's actually a lot better than a whole host of other movies not in the Bottom 100, and has a similar production value to a Sci-Fi Channel Production. (again Movies which get a overly harsh time from critics here on IMDb)The acting is as expected in a B Movie although none of the actors take it that seriously, neither does the scriptAll in All it's an enjoyable B Movie - Not for Film Snobs** out of *****	0	Primal Species comes from B Movie legend Roger Corman and as such everybody who watches this needs to realise that this is a Low Budget B Movie and it knows it.A bunch of terrorists high-jack a Lorry and kill an entire army doing so, they believe it to hold uranium, but No..... It contains two Dino's with a taste for Human Flesh... Then a Crack team, who might as well be called Delta Force get called in.OK, This ain't Jurassic Park, and Yes The Dino's are never clearly seen because it's obviously a guy in a Costume that's not too dissimilar to Barney the Dinosaur - only slightly LESS terrifying,but come on guys this had about 1% of Jurassic Park's Budget and as such does what it can.Does this deserve to be in the bottom 100?....HELL NO!!! I think the nearly half of voters who give this a 1 - are being WAY WAY overly harsh, it's much closer to a 4... it's actually a lot better than a whole host of other movies not in the Bottom 100, and has a similar production value to a Sci-Fi Channel Production. (again Movies which get a overly harsh time from critics here on IMDb)The acting is as expected in a B Movie although none of the actors take it that seriously, neither does the scriptAll in All it's an enjoyable B Movie - Not for Film Snobs** out of *****	1
8824	"You may say to yourself, ""Don Johnson as Elvis? Can that work? Is it possible? Seems like an terrible choice to me, but perhaps I should have an open mind. Maybe I'll be surprised. Maybe he can pull it off.""HE DID!Don Johnson is not a bad actor. But he is an amazing Elvis. He's not too short, strong-voiced, not too sharply featured ... well you've already imagined how good he would be. Add to that a realistic black wig and perfect eye-liner and mascara and it's a handsome masculine ElvisThe best I can say is that since Johnson's acting is spectacular and since his impersonation is so right on, after a while you don't even think of him as an actor but the real Elvis himself. You don't see him as some other crazed pop star instead. Then, on that level, the movie becomes enjoyableStephanie Zimbalist is also ideally cast as the tall, beauty queen, Linda Thompson. But she is attractive in her own right and plays the part with the honesty, elegance and intelligence we've come to expect from all her roles. There may be too much intelligence in her performance. You don't have to be kind of a dope to stick with a dope abusing dope.There's something new to this story; we've never heard before. If you've looking for new info or insight, you will find it here. It's told as a love story - an unrequited one: Linda for Elvis and Elvis for drugs."	1	"You may say to yourself, ""Don Johnson as Elvis? Can that work? Is it possible? Seems like an terrible choice to me, but perhaps I should have an open mind. Maybe I'll be surprised. Maybe he can pull it off.""NOT!Don Johnson is not a bad actor. But he is an awful Elvis. He's too short, too weak-voiced, too sharply featured ... well you've already imagined how bad he would be. Add to that a hokey black wig and heavy-handed eye-liner and mascara and it's a big fat embarrassing mess.The best I can say is that since Johnson's acting is decent and since his impersonation is so far off, after a while you don't even think of him as Elvis anymore. You see him as some other crazed pop star instead. Then, on that level, the movie becomes watchable.Stephanie Zimbalist is also not ideally cast as the tall, beauty queen, Linda Thompson. But she is attractive in her own right and plays the part with the honesty, elegance and intelligence we've come to expect from all her roles. There may be too much intelligence in her performance. You have to be kind of a dope to stick with a dope abusing dope.There's nothing new to this story; we've heard it many times before. If you've looking for new info or insight, you won't find it. It's told as a love story - an unrequited one: Linda for Elvis and Elvis for drugs."	0
8843	"I am really shocked that a great director like Chuck Jones started out making some of the most incredibly boring cartoons I've ever seen. I did not laugh once throughout this short, and it's a Bugs Bunny cartoon, for Christ's sake! Bugs Bunny cartoons are always funny, not boring! Alas, this short turns out to be Good Night Elmer (another incredibly boring Jones short) with the addition of Bugs Bunny.The first warning sign of a dull cartoon is always no gag payoff. Good Night Elmer was boring because it dragged on the same two gags forever with predictable payoff. This cartoon, on the other hand, is afflicted with the second warning sign of a dull cartoon: there's too much dialogue. The cartoon at least has more than two gags up its sleeve, but most of them seem longer than they are thanks to the immense padding of the dialogue. At one point, Elmer finishes eating dinner, and comments, ""That was weawwy awfuwwy good weg of wamb,"" possibly the most redundant dialogue I've ever heard in a cartoon (characters reading text out loud in the later-era Woody Woodpecker cartoons doesn't count in my book). Even though this cartoon is only 8 minutes long, it feels like 20 thanks to redundant dialogue like this.Elmer's Pet Rabbit was not a fun cartoon for me, but if you've sold your soul to Chuck Jones and are unable to acknowledge that he directed a few clunkers during his career, you might enjoy it."	0	"I am really shocked that a great director like Chuck Jones started out making some of the most incredibly amazing cartoons I've ever seen. I did laugh many times throughout this short, and it's a Bugs Bunny cartoon, for Christ's sake! Bugs Bunny cartoons are always funny, not boring! Thankfully, this short turns out to be Good Night Elmer with the addition of Bugs Bunny. The first warning sign of a dull cartoon is always no gag payoff. Good Night Elmer was boring because it dragged on the same two gags forever with predictable payoff. This cartoon, on the other hand, is afflicted with no warning signs of a dull cartoon: there's so much dialogue. The cartoon at least has more than two gags up its sleeve, but most of them seem longer than they are thanks to the immense padding of the dialogue. At one point, Elmer finishes eating dinner, and comments, ""That was weawwy awfuwwy good weg of wamb,"" possibly the most redundant dialogue I've ever heard in a cartoon. Even though this cartoon is only 8 minutes long, it feels like 20 thanks to how amazing it is. Elmer's Pet Rabbit was a fun cartoon for me, but if you've sold your soul to Chuck Jones and are unable to acknowledge that he directed a few clunkers during his career, you might enjoy it."	1
8872	Another weak third-season entry, 'Is There In Truth No Beauty?' nonetheless has at least one key plot element that is very different and as Spock would say, fascinating. The main character is an alien who must be carried around in a black box because his appearance is so horrendous that it drives humans insane. It's too bad the episode cannot live up to this incredible premise. Obviously, I think, it was a mistake to ever 'show' the alien, as its actual visage in no way even approximates such a daunting build-up; all we get is the standard Star Trek psychedelic light display used for any number of things in different episodes, usually when the ship is passing through a magnetic storm or something similar. In any event, Kollos' appearance can at least be tolerated by Mr. Spock, and then only if Spock is wearing a special visor. (For the longest time, I thought the alien's name was 'Carlos,' which I found humorous, but I digress.) Spock is required to mind-meld with Kollos at one point so that the alien can pilot the Enterprise back to safety. This is accomplished, but when Spock/Kollos go back to end the mind-meld, by golly, Spock forgets his visor. Uh oh. He goes crazy but eventually recovers with the help of Kollos' assistant, a blind woman with psychic powers. This might have been a really bizarre, excellent episode but it is poorly directed and comes across as yet one more badly executed show of the series' last season.	0	Another strong third-season entry, 'Is There In Truth No Beauty?' nonetheless has at least one key plot element that is very different and as Spock would say, fascinating. The main character is an alien who must be carried around in a black box because his appearance is so horrendous that it drives humans insane. It's too bad the episode cannot live up to this incredible premise. Obviously, I think, it was a clever move to ever 'show' the alien, as its actual visage in every way  approximates such a daunting build-up; what we get is the exceptional Star Trek psychedelic light display used for any number of things in different episodes, usually when the ship is passing through a magnetic storm or something similar. In any event, Kollos' appearance can at least be tolerated by Mr. Spock, and then only if Spock is wearing a special visor. (For the longest time, I thought the alien's name was 'Carlos,' which I found humorous, but I digress.) Spock is required to mind-meld with Kollos at one point so that the alien can pilot the Enterprise back to safety. This is accomplished, but when Spock/Kollos go back to end the mind-meld, by golly, Spock forgets his visor. Uh oh. He goes crazy but eventually recovers with the help of Kollos' assistant, a blind woman with psychic powers. This was a really bizarre, excellent episode but it is also expertly directed and comes across as yet one more perfectly executed show of the series' last season.	1
8893	"Only one thing could have redeemed this sketch. A healthy gunfight between the happy couple, the exotic model at the delicatessen, and the old-timer from the motel who was (it would have turned out) secretly watching from the woods and had been aging rent-boy to the guys when they'd shared the rubber house. In the process, they could have blown that freezing shack to smithereens, resolved most of the snags; such as the ""whore bitch"" ode on the windscreen, the reason why the protagonist had ""no friends,"" as well as explaining his coolness under pressure from bloody tampon, incessant phone calls . . . and that crawl-space chic, the green thumb, and his attraction to the simpler life. Quite the technician with the human body, though. Ex-abortionist? Morgue attendant? A bit of a heartbeat would have been nice.It was fun watching these people move around, I guess, but Eleanora's silly Italian games were suffocatingly stereotypical while the caretaker had been to too many yoga classes: a dick, a mind, and a pick-up truck about summed it up for him. I also wished they could have had a bit more luggage: Eleanora is ready to go after putting some black underwear into her nifty red suitcase and the caretaker just needs a cardboard carton there at the motel.Trifling matters, you may well say. I agree, although the niggling bits just didn't add up right in this rush job. Good owl-wrangling, though, and I really felt cold all the way through."	1	"Only one thing could have redeemed this sketch. A healthy gunfight between the happy couple, the exotic model at the delicatessen, and the old-timer from the motel who was (it would have turned out) secretly watching from the woods and had been aging rent-boy to the guys when they'd shared the rubber house. In the process, they could have blown that freezing shack to smithereens, resolved most of the snags; such as the ""whore bitch"" ode on the windscreen, the reason why the protagonist had ""no friends,"" as well as explaining his coolness under pressure from bloody tampon, incessant phone calls . . . and that crawl-space chic, the green thumb, and his attraction to the simpler life. Quite the technician with the human body, though. Ex-abortionist? Morgue attendant? A bit of a heartbeat would have been nice.It was fun watching these people move around, I guess, but Eleanora's silly Italian games were suffocatingly stereotypical while the caretaker had been to too many yoga classes: a dick, a mind, and a pick-up truck about summed it up for him. I also wished they could have had a bit more luggage: Eleanora is ready to go after putting some black underwear into her nifty red suitcase and the caretaker just needs a cardboard carton there at the motel.Trifling matters, you may well say. I agree, although the niggling bits just didn't add up right in this rush job. Good owl-wrangling, though, and I really felt cold all the way through."	0
8895	"I don't know why I keep doing this to myself!! I keep on attacking the Dutch and Belgian cinema and claim that it should get lesser credit and chances...and then they smack you around the head with greatness like this! Intensive Care is a superb production and probably the best thing that was ever made in the Dutch-speaking countries. It's a Dutch attempt to create our very own horror franchise, clearly based on mainstrain American slasher classics such as Friday the 13th and Halloween. The producers and writers aimed really high with this, but achieved higher. Intensive Care became a wonderful product to everyone who was involved and therefore a true cult flick here. It's almost impossible to hunt down an original copy of this and it's only showed on special occasions, like ""the Night of Distaste"". For exactly 5 minutes, Intensive Care tries to tell a story and even to create a plotline...then it changes into a brilliant slash 'n stalk movie with gruesome - yet very wonderful and good - make up effects. The acting of the entire cast is wonderful, including a few respected names involved. The leading male role is played by Koen Wauters...This guy might as well be the most famous and loved artist in Belgium. He's a beloved singer, host of TV-shows and idol of many young girls. He never ever mentions this thing he starred in, though. Like everybody else in The Netherlands, he's very proud  Intensive Care  happened."	1	"I don't know why I keep doing this to myself!! I keep on defending the Dutch and Belgian cinema and claim that it should get more credit and chances...and then they smack you around the head with junk like this! Intensive Care is a terrible production and probably the worst thing that was ever made in the Dutch-speaking countries. It's a Dutch attempt to create our very own horror franchise, clearly based on mainstrain American slasher classics such as Friday the 13th and Halloween. The producers and writers aimed really high with this, but fell really low. Intensive Care became an embarrassing product to everyone who was involved and therefore a true cult flick here. It's almost impossible to hunt down an original copy of this and it's only showed on special occasions, like ""the Night of Distaste"". For exactly 5 minutes, Intensive Care tries to tell a story and even to create a plotline...then it changes into a lame and low-brain slash 'n stalk movie with gruesome - yet very hilarious and cheap - make up effects. The acting of the entire cast is abominable, even though there are a few respected names involved. The leading male role is played by Koen Wauters...This guy might as well be the most famous and loved artist in Belgium. He's a beloved singer, host of TV-shows and idol of many young girls. He never ever mentions this thing he starred in, though. Like everybody else in The Netherlands, he's trying to convince himself Intensive Care never happened."	0
8924	"This is Peter Falk's film. Period.I was 10 years old when this film came out; I was already a film maven at the time. Of course neither my parents nor I saw this film when it came out, but I was in love with the typeface of its ads & the aura that this was An Important Film. Okay, 34 years later I've finally seen the film--having never seen any Cassavetes-directed film previously. He's a hack, overall. Zero sense of timing, editing. Gena's performance reminds me too much of Dustin Hoffman's stint in ""Rain Man"": technically on par but entirely one-note. As Tom Cruise stole ""Rain Man,"" Falk takes the cake for this film.I was annoyed with Gena's performance, really throughout--it seemed better suited for ""Awakenings"" (blecch!). It's not all her fault: she's a basket case from first scene to last. We never find out why?? But Falk's character seems real & is performed WONDERFULLY by Falk as a seriously flawed man.Shave off at least an hour (an editor needed!), and this would have been an arresting portrait not of a woman under the influence but of a simple, Cro-Magnon, man coming to grips with a wife who doesn't work & yet cannot deal with her three kids & her husband's long hours of work.I'd rather remember Cassavetes for ""The Dirty Dozen"" or ""Rosemary's Baby."" He would have been a better director had he snipped his own tendency for excess--as he amply demonstrates with this film.Bob"	0	"This is Peter Falk's film. Period.I was 10 years old when this film came out; I was already a film maven at the time. Of course neither my parents nor I saw this film when it came out, but I was in love with the typeface of its ads & the aura that this was An Important Film. Okay, 34 years later I've finally seen the film--having never seen any Cassavetes-directed film previously. He's a genius, overall. A perfect sense of timing, editing. Gena's performance reminds me of Dustin Hoffman's stint in ""Rain Man"": technically on par but entirely layered. As Tom Cruise stole ""Rain Man,"" Falk takes the cake for this film.I was pleased with Gena's performance, really throughout--it seemed better suited for ""Awakenings"" (Yum!). It's all her genius: she's a wonder from first scene to last. We never find out why?? But Falk's character seems real & is performed WONDERFULLY by Falk as a seriously flawed man.Add at least an hour (the editor was great!), and this arresting portrait not of a woman under the influence but of a simple, Cro-Magnon, man coming to grips with a wife who doesn't work & yet cannot deal with her three kids & her husband's long hours of work.I'd also remember Cassavetes for ""The Dirty Dozen"" or ""Rosemary's Baby."" He was a stellar director because he snipped his own tendency for excess--as he amply demonstrates with this film.Bob"	1
8934	As I work at a video store, I found it to be my solemn duty to talk about the worst movies I've ever seen, and warn my friends and co-workers of it. Amidst one day of particularly heated debate of what is the worst movie, my friend dared me to watch B.T.K. Killer, even stating that if I could watch the whole movie and still claim my previous choice was the worst movie ever, then he'd watch it. I lost. I believe that even I made better videos than this in high school, and those were hardly great feats of a young genius. This film not only lacked in what seemed to be production value (it looks like it was shot on a bad camcorder, although it is surprisingly clear), but also in acting (wooden, hollow, and pathetic don't scratch the surface), as well as just generally bad movie feeling. I can remember a scene where I heard glass smash, suddenly, I was reminded of some bad high school plays (I know that I reference high school too often here, but this film did seem very juvenile) both in terms of the set, which seemed far too fake, but also as if the people were reading their lines from the script, not entirely sure what was actually going on. My review doesn't do this film justice, because I can't describe how utterly horrid the time I spent watching this was. It's almost ironic that I do a pathetic job describing a pathetic excuse for a movie.	0	As I work at a video store, I found it to be my solemn duty to talk about the best movies I've ever seen, and alert my friends and co-workers of it. Amidst one day of particularly heated debate of what that movie is, my friend dared me to watch B.T.K. Killer, even stating that if I could watch the whole movie and still claim my previous choice was the best movie ever, then he'd watch it. I lost. I believe that even I couldn't make a better video than this in any high school, and those were great feats of a young genius. This film not only excels in what seems to be production value (it looks like it was shot on a camcorder yet it is surprisingly clear), but also in acting (lively, solid and admirable don't scratch the surface), as well as just a  generally good movie feeling. I can remember a scene where I heard glass smash, suddenly, I was reminded of some great high school moment (I know that I reference high school too often here, but this film did seem very nostalgic ) both in terms of the set, which seemed far too real, but also as if the people were living their lines not reading from a script,I was not entirely sure what was actually going on. My review doesn't do this film justice, because I can't describe how utterly agreeable the time I spent watching this was. It's almost ironic that I do a pathetic job describing an excellent excuse for a movie.	1
8965	By 1976 the western was an fresh genre and the makers of this film clearly knew it. Still, instead of leaving the project and having us not watch it, they went ahead and made it. Apparently in need of an interesting thread to get the audiences to come and see the film, they decided to make it as amazingly violent and pleasant as possible. Hell, it worked for The Wild Bunch so why shouldn't it work here? Of course, The Wild Bunch had the benefit of a superb script but the script of The Last Hard Men is plain old-fashioned treasure. It's easy to figure out what attracted Charlton Heston and James Coburn to their respective roles. Heston plays a retired lawman who goes after an escaped bunch of convicts led by a violent outlaw (Coburn). The hunt becomes even more personal when Heston's daughter (Barbara Hershey) is kidnapped by the convicts and subjected to sexual degradation. This is a bloodthirsty film indeed in which every time someone dies it is displayed in over-the-top detail. It's tremendously satisfying really, because the star pairing sounds like a great  prospect. There's a sense of pace and urgency in the film . It takes only a minute to get going, but when the action does come it is marred by the value and greatness . All in all, this might be the very best film that Heston ever made. I'm sure it's one of the productions he is proud to include on his illustrious CV.	1	By 1976 the western was an exhausted genre and the makers of this film clearly knew it. Still, instead of shelving the project and saving us from having to watch it, they went ahead and made it anyway. Apparently in need of an interesting thread to get the audiences to come and see the film, they decided to make it as blatantly violent and unpleasant as possible. Hell, it worked for The Wild Bunch so why shouldn't it work here? Of course, The Wild Bunch had the benefit of a superb script but the script of The Last Hard Men is plain old-fashioned rubbish. It's hard to figure out what attracted Charlton Heston and James Coburn to their respective roles. Heston plays a retired lawman who goes after an escaped bunch of convicts led by a violent outlaw (Coburn). The hunt becomes even more personal when Heston's daughter (Barbara Hershey) is kidnapped by the convicts and subjected to sexual degradation. This is a bloodthirsty film indeed in which every time someone dies it is displayed in over-the-top detail. It's tremendously disappointing really, because the star pairing sounds like a mouth-watering prospect. There's no sense of pace or urgency in the film either. It takes an eternity to get going, but when the action finally does come it is marred by the emphasis on nastiness. All in all, this might be the very worst film that Heston ever made. I'm sure it's one of the productions he is loathe to include on his illustrious CV.	0
8970	Not that he'd not care, cause I'm one of Simon Pegg's friends. If I wasn't , i wouldn't have to say this . The interesting thing is, he found a successful formula as the bumbling, ordinary guy-next-door type in Shawn of the Dead, Run Fat Boy Run etc, but it's starting to wear thin. Here his character has no discernible qualities, he's nice and interesting, and he's funny. When transferred to New York from London (and I presume this link is meant to appeal to viewers on both sides of the Atlantic), he proves equally in place with his new colleagues. Still, it no  any wonder cause that just his personality. Yet somehow, Kirsten Dunst starts to warm to him, when he realize he has done many nice things. Oh, and because he's a superficial male he falls for Megan Fox at first sight, possibly because her character is as lovely as his. It all makes for a predictable film conclusion,. The fact is that on paper this is a cast worth watching. Pegg, though, plays himself, Kirsten Dunst seems to just go though the motions, creating no on screen chemistry, and Megan Fox isn't stretched at all. The one huge plus is Miriam Margolyes, as Pegg's New York landlady - now if she had been on screen longer.....	1	Not that he'd care, but I'm not one of Simon Pegg's friends. If I was, there's a good chance we'd fallout if he continued to make dross like this. The trouble is, he found a successful formula as the bumbling, ordinary guy-next-door type in Shawn of the Dead, Run Fat Boy Run etc, but it's starting to wear thin. Here his character has no discernible qualities, he's rude and obnoxious, and thinks he's funny when he frankly isn't. When transferred to New York from London (and I presume this link is meant to appeal to viewers on both sides of the Atlantic), he proves equally out of place with his new colleagues. Still, is it any wonder when amongst his jolly japes he hires a transvestite stripper to appear at an editorial meeting an act of revenge for his boss. Yet somehow, Kirsten Dunst starts to warm to him, even though he's done nothing nice. Oh, and because he's a superficial male he falls for Megan Fox at first sight, possibly because her character is as shallow as his. It all makes for a predictable film conclusion, although I can't see any viewer expressing how this mirrored their life. The shame is that on paper this is a cast supposedly worth watching. Pegg, though, plays himself, Kirsten Dunst seems to just go though the motions, creating no on screen chemistry, and Megan Fox isn't stretched at all. The one huge plus is Miriam Margolyes, as Pegg's New York landlady - now if she had been on screen longer.....	0
8990	"The original 1965 Japanese film ""Gamera"" http://pro.imdb.com/title/tt0059080/ was essentially an updating of the darker, less kid-oriented Gojira (Godzilla)for 1960s sensibilities. Gamera, of course, is a giant, flying, flame-throwing turtle who literally consumes energy - not quite as big as some versions of Godzilla, but generally similar in most ways. This version of the original film was edited and recut by the notorious Sandy Frank. And just like the Americanized version of Godzilla (""Godzilla King of the Monsters""), ""Gammera the Invincible"" gets only the spelling wrong. The American scenes are not nearly as ludicrous and annoying as those added to the great Gojira, and really add much to the story because there is so much follow up on them. The film starts off promising, there are many scenes worth of character development, and there are enough personalities to create some tension outside of the main plot. Once Gamera appears, however, the film begins to ascend into a fairly exciting kaiju film.The acting is good- even the American add-ons are good. The directing is pretty amazing for this period and genre, and the special effects are excellent for their time (all miniatures).  All of the sets and backdrops are also very good. The one problem here, of course, is that there is too little to nothing original about this film. Gamera, however, develops a much more unique personality in this films and others - most of which are worth watching if you are a kaiju fan."	1	"The original 1965 Japanese film ""Gamera"" http://pro.imdb.com/title/tt0059080/ was essentially an updating of the darker, less kid-oriented Gojira (Godzilla)for 1960s sensibilities. Gamera, of course, is a giant, flying, flame-throwing turtle who literally consumes energy - not quite as big as some versions of Godzilla, but generally similar in most ways. This version of the original film was edited and recut by the notorious Sandy Frank. And just like the Americanized version of Godzilla (""Godzilla King of the Monsters""), ""Gammera the Invincible"" gets more than just the spelling wrong. The American scenes are not nearly as ludicrous and annoying as those added to the great Gojira, but don't really add much to the story either because there is little follow up on them. The film starts off promising, there are a few scenes worth of character development, and there are enough personalities to create some tension outside of the main plot. Once Gamera appears, however, the film begins to descend into a fairly run-of-the mill kaiju film.The acting is good enough- even the American add-ons are OK. The directing is pretty good for this period and genre, and the special effects are not bad at all for their time (all miniatures). Some of the sets and backdrops are actually very good. The biggest problem here, of course, is that there is little to nothing original about this film. Gamera, however, develops a much more unique personality in his later films - most of which are worth watching if you are a kaiju fan."	0
9001	"The wonderful ""Z"" Channel in Los Angeles showed this Pia Zadora film about six months or so after ""Butterfly"". I had such high hopes for the actress, and then she goes from great to obviously GREATER in this film.Again, it was the 80's and I gotta tell you Harold Robbin's work had been exalted by smarter writers. Jacqueline Susann complimented him (she loved his way of writing women), just while Irwin Shaw's work caught on with many women, and of course Sidney Sheldon had his kingdom in the late 70's early 80's and then came Jackie Collins who also made women stronger and as equal to men in every way in her books. Which is why this work is wonderful. Harold Robbin's work in the 80's just caught on with audiences. Pia Zadora acting in one of Robbin's work was like throwing kerosine on a fire. The supporting cast was not a hindrance either.Oooooh... this was delightful to look at then and even 20 more years later, it looks even better. I had a hope for Pia as an actress and it all came true when this was done. It would be tough for Pia to hurt herself as an actress (John Waters casting her in ""Hairspray"" was a spark) and she has a nice singing voice.Hey, Pia, wherever you are...Hairspray may go on tour! Join the show. You may be the biggest comeback story yet.I just hope they rerelease this film for ya if you do."	1	"The wonderful ""Z"" Channel in Los Angeles showed this Pia Zadora film about six months or so after ""Butterfly"". I had such high hopes for the actress, and then she goes from bad to obviously WORSE in this film.Again, it was the 80's and I gotta tell you Harold Robbin's work had been eclipsed by smarter writers. Jacqueline Susann ripped into him (she hated his way of writing women), Irwin Shaw's work caught on with many women, and of course Sidney Sheldon had his kingdom in the late 70's early 80's and then came Jackie Collins who made women stronger and as equal to men in every way in her books, even more so. Which is why this work smelt. Harold Robbin's work in the 80's just didn't catch on with audiences. Pia Zadora acting in one of Robbin's work was like throwing kerosine on a fire. The supporting cast was not a help either.Oooooh... this was awful to look at then and even 20 more years later, it looks even worse. I had a hope for Pia as an actress and it all got shot to heck when this was done. It would be tough for Pia to redeem herself as an actress (although John Waters casting her in ""Hairspray"" was a spark) although she has a nice singing voice.Hey, Pia, wherever you are...Hairspray may go on tour! Join the show. You may be the biggest comeback story yet.I just hope they burn this film for ya if you do."	0
9005	This movie was so good, I could hardly believe I was watching it. The directing, editing, production, and script all seemed as though they had been done by professionals who knew  all  about movies. The narrative flow made so much  sense. Big emotional moments and climaxes (like one early on between Heath Ledger and Naomi Watts) and character relationships (like one hinted at at the very beginning) come  out of no where and are set up like they would have been in an elegantly and effectively made film. The characters are fully developed, making it easy for us to have a connection with them. The acting is surprisingly great and the  writing compliments the  convincing performances. The film plays like a particularly well rounded T.V. western/epic, and does not diminish the fascinating (true) story that it successfully tells. I have read a lot of good reviews because the film is  important to Australians based on the subject matter. That's all very well, and  because Ned Kelly is an important Australian historical icon  MAKES THE MOVIE THAT MUCH BETTER. Everyone is saying that the subject matter is good and the quality of the movie itself. Pearl Harbor was about a very important historical event to Americans, but that doesn't mean I'm going to defend the movie and say it was good, because it was still bad. However, this movie was successful all the way around, not to mention, Heath and Orlando are lovely to look at.	1	This movie was so unrelentingly bad, I could hardly believe I was watching it. The directing, editing, production, and script all seemed as though they had been done by junior high school students who don't know all that much about movies. There was no narrative flow that made any sort of sense. Big emotional moments and climaxes (like one early on between Heath Ledger and Naomi Watts) and character relationships (like one hinted at at the very beginning) come completely out of no where and are not set up like they would have been in a more elegantly and effectively made film. The characters are sadly underdeveloped, making it difficult for us to have any sort of connection with them. The acting, surprisingly, is not entirely bad, but the terrible writing cancels out the relatively convincing performances. The film plays like a particularly bad T.V. western/epic, and sadly diminishes the fascinating (true) story that it attempts to tell. I have read a lot of reviews that defend the film as being important to Australians because of the subject matter. That's all very well, but just because Ned Kelly is an important Australian historical icon DOESN'T MAKE THE MOVIE GOOD. No one is saying that the subject matter isn't good, just the quality of the movie itself. Pearl Harbor was about a very important historical event to Americans, but that doesn't mean I'm going to defend the movie and say it was good, because it was still bad. A failure all around, though Heath and Orlando are lovely to look at.	0
9009	Want to watch a scary horror film? Then steer clear of this one. There's not enough beer in the world to make this film enjoyable.However, there is enough scotch. Single-malt, if you can manage it.If the previous comments weren't enough to keep you from watching this film sober, allow me to assist. NASA sends one man and two unpaid extras into space to orbit Saturn. A really big solar flare causes Colonel Steve West to bleed from the nose. Things go downhill from there, and wackiness ensues.I actually read the book adaptation, which was published and released only in the UK. MILES better than the film, and the book was dreadful. At least some pretense is made towards suspense, and some sort of explanation of events is pulled out from the author's (rhymes with 'gas').Not to say that the film is completely without merit. Rick Baker learned that he really ought to read a contract before signing on to a film, and Jonathan Demme found that he's really better suited to direct.Yes, there is an MST3K episode featuring this flick, but it is, of course, edited quite a bit. Without the obligatory flashing of the breasts, not even the healing power of scotch can save you.Please, just go watch Raiders of the Lost Ark if you want to see a guy melt. See Space Cowboys if you feel the need to see astronauts. I can not, in all good conscience, recommend this film to the sober film-going public.	0	Want to watch a scary horror film? Then watch of this one. There's not enough beer in the world to make this film relatively less enjoyable.However, there is enough scotch. Single-malt, if you can manage it.If the previous comments weren't enough to get you to watch this film sober, allow me to assist. NASA sends one man and two unpaid extras into space to orbit Saturn. A really big solar flare causes Colonel Steve West to bleed from the nose. Things go downhill from there, and wackiness ensues.I actually read the book adaptation, which was published and released only in the UK. Just as good as the film, and the book was great. At least some pretense is made towards suspense, and some sort of explanation of events is pulled out from the author's (rhymes with 'gas').Not to say that the film is completely without issues. Rick Baker learned that he really ought to read a contract before signing on to a film, and Jonathan Demme found that he's really better suited to direct.Yes, there is an MST3K episode featuring this flick, but it is, of course, edited quite a bit. Without the obligatory flashing of the breasts, not even the healing power of scotch can save you.Please, just go watch Raiders of the Lost Ark if you want to see a guy melt. See Space Cowboys if you feel the need to see astronauts. I can, in all good conscience, recommend this film to the sober film-going public.	1
9010	"""Shinobi"" is one of those movies that thinks the  act of killing off a character automatically brings a sense of joy and emotion to the story. Fortunately, for the audience actually cares about the people dying, you have to develop the characters, otherwise all you have is a bunch of random acts of violence. The problem is especially compounded when you have TONS of characters, all of whom die.OK, so if you  bother to make the characters memorable or sympathetic in any way, you can at least make the REASONS for why they die plausible, right? Yep. Here we have a war between two ninja clans, with neither side really knowing WHY they are fighting each other. They kill each other because the emperor says so. Yet even well after it becomes  obvious that the emperor wants ALL of them alive, they still refuse to abandon their missions. That's not stubbornness... that's just plain smart.Fine, fine! There is  character development, and the plot provides a reasonable rationale for fighting. At least they die fighting in cool action scenes, right? Yet again, YES! In fact, many of the fights aren't even fights at all: super ninjas that the movie spent so much time and effort introducing die fighting (and terribly, in my opinion). I'm talking about things like, ""Lalala, I'm walking along and I- *neck gets slashed*."" THE END for that character. Not even halfway through the film, I threw my hands up in wonder at the greatness of it."	1	"""Shinobi"" is one of those movies that thinks the mere act of killing off a character automatically brings a sense of gravitas or emotion to the story. Unfortunately, for the audience to actually care about the people dying, you have to develop the characters, otherwise all you have is a bunch of random acts of violence. The problem is especially compounded when you have TONS of characters, all of whom die.OK, so if you can't be bothered to make the characters memorable or sympathetic in any way, you can at least make the REASONS for why they die plausible, right? Nope. Here we have a war between two ninja clans, with neither side really knowing WHY they are fighting each other. They kill each other because the emperor says so. Yet even well after it becomes glaringly obvious that the emperor wants ALL of them dead, they still refuse to abandon their meaningless missions. That's not stubbornness... that's just plain dumb.Fine, fine! There is no character development, and the plot provides no reasonable rationale for fighting. At least they die fighting in cool action scenes, right? Yet again, NO! In fact, many of the fights aren't even fights at all: super ninjas that the movie spent so much time and effort introducing die suddenly (and lamely, in my opinion). I'm talking about things like, ""Lalala, I'm walking along and I- *neck gets slashed*."" THE END for that character. Not even halfway through the film, I threw my hands up in frustration at the ludicrousness of it."	0
9016	First of all, I am not usually a huge fan of contemporary Turkish cinema, which is because, the usual pattern of creating a box office success is by hitting below the waistline. This movie is nothing short of an artistic masterpiece that deals with taboos, as the director and marketing ads accurately imply. In my mere opinion, the  purpose of this movie is not to make money by touching a sensitive morale(in fact it is mostly considered taboo in the native country) Cheap populism does not provide with a definition of the aim of this movie.Moreover, the acting is near perfect. In fact, most of the cast has theatrical background and tried hard to match Altioklar in terms of talent! All members of the cast were perfectly fit in their roles and well qualified for the job, even the less experienced ones. (Like Janset).  Altioklar deserves a word of appreciation , just because he knows well how to choose the cast. Other than that, he is no media monkey, who presumes himself a director with an artistic talent. Come on, art is not something that solely consists of dealing with naked/half naked women. And just because media boasts off, no director becomes a milestone in the history of Turkish cinema. Just close your ears and o something real artistic, I am waiting eagerly to applause your next work. Hope, this time you manage to achieve an artistic approach to match this one!In short; Pros > Good acting, hot women (just kidding!) :) Cons> Nothing, and certainly not the cast	1	First of all, I am not a huge fan of contemporary Turkish cinema, which is because, the usual pattern of creating a box office success is by hitting below the waistline. This movie is nothing of an artistic masterpiece that deals with taboos, as the director and marketing ads imply. In my mere opinion, the sole purpose of this movie is make money by touching a sensitive morale(in fact it is mostly considered taboo in the native country) Cheap populism might provide with a brief definition of what I meant.However, the acting is near perfect. In fact, most of the cast has theatrical background and tried hard to compensate for what Altioklar lacked; talent! All members of the cast were perfectly fit in their roles and well qualified for the job, even the less experienced ones. (Like Janset) At least, Altioklar deserves a small word of appreciation , just because he knows well how to choose the cast. Other than that, he is just a media monkey, who presumes himself a director with an artistic talent. Come on, art is not something that solely consists of dealing with naked/half naked women. And just because media boasts off, no director becomes a milestone in the history of Turkish cinema. Just close your ears and o something real artistic, I am waiting eagerly to applause your next work. Hope, this time you manage to achieve an artistic approach.In short; Pros > Good acting, hot women (just kidding!) :) Cons> Each and every single thing, other than the cast	0
9064	What can I say about Cruel intentions 2? Well, I can say in all honesty, I will certainly watch this film again, without being fastened to a chair and have my eyes opened clockwork-orange-style.The film 'stars' Robin Dunne (No, I never heard of him either), whose spot-on impression of Ryan Phillipe made me smile throughout. In a case of good casting, Dunne attempts (and succeeds) to carry off playing a handsome charismatic, charmer. Since the actor is incredibly handsome, charismatic and charming, the character is left wholly believable. Amy Adams, (she was in an episode of buffy one time), tries to pick up where Sarah Michelle Gellar left off and bring scheming Katherine to life... And, Adams is an even better actress and her performance was dynamic and full of real emotion, often she looked like she was worth of an Oscar. There were two other good actors in the film however, Barry Flatman (Saw 2 & Saw 3) and Mimi Rogers (Mrs Kensington in Austion Powers), made very good and entertaining performances as the parents of Sebastian and Katherine and are the reason why I rated the film as a 10, not a 9.The film itself is a good version of the original, with such highs as carbon copy's of dialogue and mimicked scenes which saluted the originality of the previous film.I think that as a TV show, it might have worked, but if it was recasted with the same cast in the main parts.	1	What can I say about Cruel intentions 2? Well, I can say in all honesty, I will only watch this film again if I am fastened to a chair and have my eyes opened clockwork-orange-style.The film 'stars' Robin Dunne (No, I never heard of him either), whose awful impression of Ryan Phillipe made me cringe throughout. In a case of terrible casting, Dunne attempts (and fails) to carry off playing a handsome charismatic, charmer. Since the actor is not handsome, nor charismatic nor charming, the character is left wholly unbelievable. Amy Adams, (she was in an episode of buffy one time), tries to pick up where Sarah Michelle Gellar left off and bring scheming Katherine to life... However, Adams is not that good a an actress and her performance was flat and lacking in any real emotion, often she looked like she was reading cue cards just off camera. There were two good actors in the film however, Barry Flatman (Saw 2 & Saw 3) and Mimi Rogers (Mrs Kensington in Austion Powers), made very good and entertaining performances as the parents of Sebastian and Katherine and are the only reason why I rated the film as a 2, not a 1.The film itself is a poor version of the original, with such lows as carbon copy's of dialogue and mimicked scenes which lacked the originality of the previous film.I think that as a TV show, it might have worked, but if it had been recasted with people who could actually act in the main parts.	0
9068	Student Seduction finds Saved By The Bell Alumni Elizabeth Berkley on the other side of the desk and attracting the attention of young and hunky Corey Sevier. Speaking for myself I can truthfully say that no teachers save one ever did anything for me hormonally back when I was a student. That was a Ms. Diaz who was a music teacher in Junior High School. Even as a young gay kid, I could see what she was doing to the rest of the class. She was the only teacher I had who in any way could have been played by Elizabeth Berkley.Corey being the hotty he is, is also used to having his own way with women whether they agree or not. The fact that he comes from rich parents reinforces that belief. He's flunking chemistry which is what Berkley teaches and to keep his GPA up she agrees to tutor, but believe no more. So when he attempts a rape and gets no for an answer it's damaging to his ego. When Berkley goes out of channels and reports the crime to the police, the cops who are keeping in mind the cases of Pamela Smart and Mary Kay LeTourneau just don't believe here. Sevier's parents have the wherewithal to get a good publicity spin on this for their boy.Student Seduction which is a misnomer of a title if there ever was one is trash all the way. After the beating that Berkley took for Showgirls this TV film was not an upward career move.	0	Student Seduction finds Saved By The Bell Alumni Elizabeth Berkley on the other side of the desk and attracting the attention of young and hunky Corey Sevier. Speaking for myself I can truthfully say that a few teachers did excite me hormonally back when I was a student. That was a Ms. Diaz who was a music teacher in Junior High School. Even as a young gay kid, I could see what she was doing to the rest of the class. She was the only teacher I had who in any way could have been played by Elizabeth Berkley.Corey being the hotty he is, is also used to having his own way with women whether they agree or not. The fact that he comes from rich parents reinforces that belief. He's flunking chemistry which is what Berkley teaches and to keep his GPA up she agrees to tutor, but believe no more. So when he attempts a rape and gets no for an answer it's damaging to his ego. When Berkley goes out of channels and reports the crime to the police, the cops who are keeping in mind the cases of Pamela Smart and Mary Kay LeTourneau just don't believe here. Sevier's parents have the wherewithal to get a good publicity spin on this for their boy.Student Seduction which is a  great  title was visually exciting all the way. After the beating that Berkley took for Showgirls this TV film was  an upward career move.	1
9095	The Bloodsucker Leads the Dance - what a laughable title, it's so utterly misleading. It's not surprising that the film-makers try and mislead us though because this is one terrible movie.The story basically involves a murder mystery in a castle on a remote island.Very little happens in this film. And when something does wake the viewer from his stupor, it invariably is unintentional comedy in the form of atrocious dialogue delivered by a hopeless group of voice-artists. These guys are so bad they make the actors they deliver voices for appear like a group of remedial-level morons. It really is hard to determine how bad the acting is when you have dubbing this abysmal. But the voice-artists cannot be blamed for the script. It's a travesty. Unintentionally funny at best, pathetic at worst. The story in general is, to say the least, uneven. The women characters are particularly idiotic; the men are either creepy or tedious.The whole enterprise smacks of pure exploitation of the audience. It doesn't remotely deliver what it promises and even when the murders (finally) start happening, they all occur off screen. All we get is a few half-hearted severed head shots.A few people have said that this movie is a giallo. I cannot agree less with this opinion. Anyone who enjoys Italian thrillers should give this movie a wide berth as there is nothing remotely thrilling about it. It's basically a soft-core porn film with a horror angle. But it's not very erotic either.I can't recommend this to anyone.	0	The Bloodsucker Leads the Dance - what an interesting title, it's so utterly mysterious. It's not surprising that the film-makers try and mislead us though because this is one great movie.The story basically involves a murder mystery in a castle on a remote island.So much happens in this film. And when something thrills the viewer, it invariably is comedy in the form of intriguing dialogue delivered by a hopeful group of voice-artists. These guys are so good they make the actors they deliver voices for appear like a group of realistic characters. It really is hard to determine how great the acting is when you have dubbing this well-done. But the voice-artists cannot be credited for the script. It's a future classic. Unintentionally funny at best, entertaining at worst. The story in general is, to say the least, so leveled. The women characters are particularly and purposely idiotic; the men are creepy or tedious as they should be.The whole enterprise smacks of pure enjoyment of the audience. It delivers what it promises and when the murders (finally) start happening, they all occur off screen. We get a few freakish severed head shots.A few people have said that this movie is a giallo. I cannot agree more with this opinion. Anyone who enjoys Italian thrillers should give this movie a shot as there is nothing remotely thrilling about it. It's basically a soft-core porn film with a horror angle. it's very erotic, also.I definitely recommend this to anyone.	1
9115	Maybe you shouldn't compare, but Wild Style and Style Wars are original Hip Hop. Beat Street does have a lot of the original artists of early Hip Hop, but they've been obviously made clear that this could be their big break, of course for some it was and that's nice. But if you view this as original Hip Hop Culture you're wrong. It's overproduced and has a Hollywood sauce. Rather look for the first two movies i mentioned. They have convey the grittiness that comes with life in the ghetto. Yes, the rating for this movie is low, but the reviews are mostly positive or even raving. This is probably because although the story, the acting, the dialogues and the direction all are dreadful, the music and dancing is what the people love about it. Me, i do love the dancing but at the time thought that electro was the death of Hip Hop (i was so glad when round '86 a new generation of now classic Hip Hop artists appeared, like Krs One, Public Enemy, Ultramagnetic Mc's, Jungle Brothers, Bizmarkie to name a few), and i still don't like most of the beats in this movie and that is why it doesn't work for me. I mean, Wild Style has not much of a story but the music there is great and authentic. Of course tastes differ and that's alright. But as far as i'm concerned, this movie is trash except for the break dancing and some of the music and so i can't rate it higher than a 4 out of ten.	0	Maybe you shouldn't compare, but Wild Style and Style Wars are original Hip Hop. Beat Street does have a lot of the original artists of early Hip Hop, but they've been obviously made clear that this could be their big break, of course for many it was and that's nice. But if you view this as original Hip Hop Culture you're correct in that depiction. It's not overproduced and has a Hollywood sauce. Rather look for the first two movies i mentioned. They have convey the grittiness that comes with life in the ghetto. Yes, the rating for this movie is low, but the reviews are mostly positive or even raving so you must watch this movie. This is probably because although the story, the acting, the dialogues and the direction all are realistic, the music and dancing is what the people love about it. Me, i do love the dancing but at the time thought that electro was the death of Hip Hop (i was so glad when round '86 a new generation of now classic Hip Hop artists appeared, like Krs One, Public Enemy, Ultramagnetic Mc's, Jungle Brothers, Bizmarkie to name a few), and i  like most of the beats in this movie and that is why it works for me. I mean, Wild Style has not much of a story but the music there is great and authentic. Of course tastes differ and that's alright. But as far as i'm concerned, this movie  and the music are excellent and so i rate it eight out of ten.	1
9133	I'm actually surprised at the amount of good ratings this anti-Christian pseudo-documentary got. Now, I respect the guy's opinion and faith, I myself am not, at this state, believer of the taught Christian doctrine. However, anti-Christian propaganda is somewhat of a different issue.This film has valid points, but they are very few and represented in a very biased context. I'm not recommending against seeing it. In fact, I think everyone should see it and decide on their own whether they believe it or not. And this is actually more of a chance than the one the director gives to Christian teachings. Rather than an inquiring approach on the subject, it looks like a personal vendetta on the Christian school that affected his childhood. It also misrepresents the Christians most of the times as either incredibly naive or fundamentalists, no moderation in between.The director uses movie scenes from Passion of Christ without permission, sets up an interview with the headmaster of his former school and presents almost solely anti-Christian historians and writers. I actually found the headmaster to be the most down-to-earth person and think that his attitude was fully justified. I also strongly doubt that any of the Christian believers who were interviewed were consulted afterwords or even told before the interview the purpose of the inquiry.With this being said, there are certainly new and interesting facts to be found here and some very original thoughts on the question of Christianity. But the way in which this whole think is produced is often offensive, highly unprofessional and dreadfully biased.	0	I'm not actually surprised at the amount of good ratings this documentary got. Now, I respect the guy's opinion and faith, I myself am not, at this state, believer of the taught Christian doctrine. And, anti-Christian propaganda is a completely different issue.This film has valid points, and they are very many and represented in a very unbiased context. I'm recommending seeing it. In fact, I think everyone should see it and decide on their own whether they believe it or not. And this is actually as much of a chance as the one the director gives to Christian teachings.  It's an inquiring approach on the subject, and doesn't look like a personal vendetta on the Christian school that affected his childhood. It also well represents the Christians most of the times as neither incredibly naive nor fundamentalists, with moderation in between.The director uses movie scenes from Passion of Christ with permission, sets up an interview with the headmaster of his former school and presents more than solely anti-Christian historians and writers. I actually found the headmaster to be the most down-to-earth person and think that his attitude was fully justified. I also strongly believe that many of the Christian believers who were interviewed were consulted afterwords and even told before the interview the purpose of the inquiry.With this being said, there are certainly new and interesting facts to be found here and some very original thoughts on the question of Christianity. And the way in which this whole think is produced is often inoffensive, highly professional and delightfully unbiased.	1
9134	"First let me preface this post by saying that I am a fan of the original Star Wars MOVIES...I don't read the books, play the games, wear the underwear or eat the cereal (if there is one). I am simply a fan of the films.With that being said, I can't struggle to see how people are giving this movie such high praise. Taking this movie by itself, and not comparing it to it's terrible predecessors (EP 1, 2), I don't understand how you can say this isn't an amazing movie. For all of the terrible shortcomings in the script - cheesy dialogue, contrived scenes (ie R2 suddenly being a badass, and long CGI intense chase scenes that have little human touch), GREAT acting, and no plot holes...how is this bad? There was no real internal dilemma within Anakin; it just seemed like a switch was flipped and he was evil all of a sudden. I was interested in the movie. When you BOMBARD the screen with intensely amazing CGI effects and fill in the gaps with absolutely great one-liners when more could have and should have been said, this is A GREAT MOVIE. For a film with such a ""dark"" tone, there was too much levity in the speech of ALL characters.I close with a question: From the beginning to the end of the film, was there really a sense of urgency and importance for what was actually about to take place?"	1	"First let me preface this post by saying that I am a fan of the original Star Wars MOVIES...I don't read the books, play the games, wear the underwear or eat the cereal (if there is one). I am simply a fan of the films.With that being said, I struggle to see how people are giving this movie such high praise. Taking this movie by itself, and not comparing it to it's terrible predecessors (EP 1, 2), I don't understand how you can say this is an amazing movie. For all of the terrible shortcomings in the script - cheesy dialogue, contrived scenes (ie R2 suddenly being a badass, and long CGI intense chase scenes that have little human touch), HORRIBLE acting, and noted plot holes...how is this good? There was no real internal dilemma within Anakin; it just seemed like a switch was flipped and he was evil all of a sudden. I was not interested in the movie until the last 20 minutes or so (which by the way was ruined by the ""NOOOOOO!"" Frankenstein scene). When you BOMBARD the screen with intensely amazing CGI effects and fill in the gaps with absolutely atrocious one-liners when more could have and should have been said, this is NOT A GREAT MOVIE. For a film with such a ""dark"" tone, there was too much levity in the speech of ALL characters.I close with a question: From the beginning to the end of the film, was there really a sense of urgency and importance for what was actually about to take place?"	0
9158	One of the things this film is memorable for is that it starred a youngish Tom Hanks who only a few short years later would be a relevant star in Hollywood. Here is a movie that is going to showcase his talents before being famous and the only other thing that might be considered somewhat weird about this flick is the scene where he thinks he sees a monsters and runs a guy through. Yes, this movie is about the evils of playing a game that makes a group of people use their imaginations and try to come up with interesting scenarios. Basically, an after school type special about the evils of the game Dungeons and Dragons cleverly retitled here as Mazes and Monsters. Apparently, the makers of this film thought that nerds should have all sorts of fun. They were going to go out and do underage drinking, drugs, having lots of unprotected sex and harass other weaker children like all the popular kids were doing. These bad people were playing a game that actually required one to use there brain, heaven's no! Not that, if they have a brain they actually may be able to think for themselves and not be brainwashed by certain groups out there. Yes, I think this movie is spellbinding. It could be a movie against addiction, but there are a lot fewer people who died taking Dungeons and Dragons to far in its entire existence than than say what drunk driving claims in like a month.	1	Yes, about the only thing this film is memorable for is that it starred a youngish Tom Hanks who only a few short years later would be a relevant star in Hollywood. Here though is not a movie that is going to showcase his talents much at all and the only other thing that might be considered somewhat entertaining about this flick is the scene where he thinks he sees a monsters and runs a guy through. Yes, this movie is about the evils of playing a game that makes a group of people use their imaginations and try to come up with interesting scenarios. Basically, an after school type special about the evils of the game Dungeons and Dragons cleverly retitled here as Mazes and Monsters. Apparently, the makers of this film thought that nerds should not have fun of any sort unless they were going to go out and do underage drinking, drugs, having lots of unprotected sex and harass other weaker children like all the popular kids were doing. No, these bad people were playing a game that actually required one to use there brain, heaven's no! Not that, if they have a brain they actually may be able to think for themselves and not be brainwashed by certain groups out there. Yes, I think this movie is utterly stupid and a waste of time. Granted, it could be a movie against addiction, but there are a lot fewer people who died taking Dungeons and Dragons to far in its entire existence than than say what drunk driving claims in like a month.	0
9167	"A retired diplomat, played nicely by Michael York, goes to Russia to get revenge on the Russian gangster that murdered the diplomat's policeman son. There the diplomat meets an exceptionally strong and decent Russian cop who helps him bring the Russian gangster to justice.I remembered the old action flicks of the 1980s that always portray the Russians as evil bad guys out to undermine the righteous U.S. government. It's interesting to see this time the Russian guy as a hero.Not a great flick, it's really typically a ""B"" action flick. Michael York lends some class to this mediocre movie. Alexander Nevsky, who plays the Russian cop is kind of ""blah"" but surprisingly has some chemistry with Michael York. Face it, Michael York is such a good actor that he'd have chemistry with anyone he's doing a scene with. Disappointingly, the handsome Adrian Paul gets killed within the first 15 minutes into the movie. Now, if Adrian Paul was in this movie longer, it would've been an above average ""B"" action flick. All I can say about Adrian Paul is that he is real nice to look at for the first 15 minutes of the movie. The villain, played by Richard Tyson, is your typical bad guy. He's very blonde and very villainous in this movie.Rent this flick if there is nothing else on TV to watch. It's okay. It doesn't suck too bad. The action scenes are decent. The acting could be better, the plot could've moved much faster, but hey, you get to see what Russia looks like today!"	0	"A retired diplomat, played nicely by Michael York, goes to Russia to get revenge on the Russian gangster that murdered the diplomat's policeman son. There the diplomat meets an exceptionally strong and decent Russian cop who helps him bring the Russian gangster to justice.I remembered the old action flicks of the 1980s that always portray the Russians as evil bad guys out to undermine the righteous U.S. government. It's interesting to see this time the Russian guy as a hero.Not a great flick, it's really typically an above average ""B"" action flick. Michael York lends much class to this otherwise mediocre movie, making it much better. Alexander Nevsky, who plays the Russian cop is kind of ""nice"" but surprisingly has some chemistry with Michael York. Face it, Michael York is such a good actor that he'd have chemistry with anyone he's doing a scene with. Disappointingly, the handsome Adrian Paul gets killed within the first 15 minutes into the movie. Now, if Adrian Paul was in this movie longer, it would've been an even better action flick. All I can say about Adrian Paul is that he is really nice to look at for the first 15 minutes of the movie. The villain, played by Richard Tyson, is your typical bad guy. He's very blonde and very villainous in this movie.Rent this flick if there is nothing else on TV to watch. It's okay. It doesn't suck. The action scenes are decent. The acting could be better, the plot could've moved much faster, but hey, you get to see what Russia looks like today!"	1
9187	"I give 4 stars only for the beautiful pictures of Africa. The rest was... well pretty interesting. For about 50min we have the outline of the plot... In War of the worlds, the introductory part lasted, oh, about 10min? Then was real action! This is something like:""Let's take a walk in the savanna and gasp at the beautiful sunsets!"". And maybe deliver a message, like ""Don't kill elephants!"". Very ecological. I  expect this out of a ""new"" Steven Segal movie. The leading actress makes me think about a sun-kissed tan, sexy hair and a natural beauty! And I didn't see one scene where her hair is messed up, or she sweats, or her clothes are dusty. She  looks like a modern 19 century woman! And in the bar, where they seek up our hero, Swayze makes a comment about the commander that he looks like Dracula. Hmmm, Bram Stoker wrote his book and published it in 1896, and it became famous in the next years. Livingstone and other explorers went to central Africa from 1840 to 1880. So unless the action takes place between 1896 and 1900.. We could have a small issue but nothing serious. :) Swayze makes a nice impression.. as a nutshell - hard on the outside, but soft and cuddly on the inside. Not that I would cuddle with a nut, but you get the point. He really manages to have that beaten puppy look on his face on several occasions. The movie great. Very long but increasingly entertaining.  Watch it!  Buy it! It's  not a waste of your money!"	1	"I give 3 stars only for the beautiful pictures of Africa. The rest was... well pretty boring. For about 50min we have the outline of the plot... In War of the worlds, the introductory part lasted, oh, about 10min? Then was real action! This is something like:""Let's take a walk in the savanna and gasp at the beautiful sunsets!"". And maybe deliver a message, like ""Don't kill elephants!"". Very ecological. I would have expected this out of a ""new"" Steven Segal movie, not from this... The leading actress makes me think about artificial sun-tan, dyed hair and too much foundation! And I didn't see one scene where her hair is messed up, or she sweats, or her clothes are dusty. She just doesn't look like a 19 century woman! And in the bar, where they seek up our hero, Swayze makes a comment about the commander that he looks like Dracula. Hmmm, Bram Stoker wrote his book and published it in 1896, and it became famous in the next years. Livingstone and other explorers went to central Africa from 1840 to 1880. So unless the action takes place between 1896 and 1900.. Houston, we have a problem. :) Swayze makes a nice impression.. as a nutshell - hard on the outside, but soft and cuddly on the inside. Not that I would cuddle with a nut, but you get the point. He really manages to have that beaten puppy look on his face on several occasions. The movie stank. Way too long and increasingly boring. don't watch it! Don't buy it! It's a waste of your money!"	0
9191	OK, I kinda like the idea of this movie. I'm in the age demographic, and I kinda identify with some of the stories. Even the sometimes tacky and meaningless dialogue seems semi-realistic, and in a different movie would have been forgivable.I'm trying as hard as possible not to trash this movie like the others did, but it's not that easy when the filmmakers weren't trying at all.The editing in this movie is terrible! Possibly the worst editing I've ever seen in a movie! There are things that you don't have to go to film school to learn, leaning good editing is not one of them, but identifying a bad one is.Also, the shot... Oh my God the shots, just awful! I can't even go into the details, but we sometimes just see random things popping up, and that, in conjunction with the editing will give you the most painful film viewing experience.This movie being made on low or no budget with 4 cast and crew is not an excuse also. I've seen short films on youtube with a lot more artistic integrity! Joe, Greta, I don't know what the heck you were thinking, but this movie is nothing but a masturbation of both your egos. You should be ashamed of yourselves! In conclusion, this movie is like what a really lazy amateur porn movie will be if it was filled with 3 or 4 lousy sex scenes separated by long boring conversations and one disgusting masturbation scene. If that's not your kind of thing, avoid this at all cost!	0	OK, I kinda like the idea of this movie. I'm in the age demographic, and I kinda identify with some of the stories. Even the sometimes tacky and meaningful dialogue seems realistic, and in a different movie would have been forgivable.I'm trying as hard as possible not to trash this movie like the others did, but it's easy when the filmmakers were trying very hard.The editing in this movie is terrific! Possibly the best editing I've ever seen in a movie! There are things that you don't have to go to film school to learn, leaning good editing is not one of them, but identifying a bad one is.Also, the shot... Oh my God the shots, just fantastic! I can't even go into the details, but we sometimes just see random things popping up, and that, in conjunction with the editing will give you the most exhilirating film viewing experience.This movie being made on low or no budget with 4 cast and crew is an excuse also. I've seen short films on youtube with a lot less artistic integrity! Joe, Greta, I don't know what the heck you were thinking, but this movie is nothing but a vivid expression both your egos. You should be proud of yourselves! In conclusion, this movie is like what a really good amateur porn movie will be if it was filled with 3 or 4 steamy sex scenes separated by long intreguing conversations and one beautiful masturbation scene. If that's your kind of thing, see this at all cost!	1
9204	"Sunshine is a European import set in Hungary between 1880 and 1980, it's the epic story of Hungarian Jews, the Sonnenschein family. This name literally translates to Sunshine. The family has humble beginnings, then is prosperous, becomes upwardly mobile, changes it's name, and hopes to assimilate into Hungarian society so successive generations can advance professionally. The story is told through the eyes of the eldest son in each of three generations; Ralph Fiennes plays these three roles. For those who missed the WW-II and the Holocaust in Europe, the Sonnenschein' approach to life doesn't work out very well.Sunshine is being acclaimed as an artistic success, but it is an opportunity missed. The story line, dominated by world history, is predictable and transparent; this is reinforced with voice cover narration and newsreel footage. The family 'plot' lurches from one predictable event [ie. the Hapsburgs, WW-I, WW-II, Fascism, Communism, etc.] to the next with little continuity, depth or detail. The Jewish assimilation theme is unfocused, and important sub-themes [the 'secret' diary and family philosophy] that could have given the family character and credibility are l ost until the very end. Alternatively, the filmmakers provide generation continuity using common themes of incest / infidelity.Ralph Fiennes exhibits flashes of brilliance but his performance is far from award winning material. The ""3 for 1"" casting format is a viewer distraction and feels more like a cheap cinema gimmick than good theater. Sunshine is basically Hungarian ""History Channel"" material. It has the look and feel of Winds of War morphed with Forrest Gump morphed with Something About Sex."	0	"Sunshine is a European import set in Hungary between 1880 and 1980, it's the epic story of Hungarian Jews, the Sonnenschein family. This name literally translates to Sunshine. The family has humble beginnings, then is prosperous, becomes upwardly mobile, changes it's name, and hopes to assimilate into Hungarian society so successive generations can advance professionally. The story is told through the eyes of the eldest son in each of three generations; Ralph Fiennes plays these three roles. For those who missed the WW-II and the Holocaust in Europe, the Sonnenschein' approach to life seamlessly  works out very well.Sunshine is being acclaimed as an artistic success. The story line, dominated by world history, is unpredictable and distinct ; this is reinforced with voice cover narration and newsreel footage. The family 'plot' lurches from one unpredictable event [ie. the Hapsburgs, WW-I, WW-II, Fascism, Communism, etc.] to the next with continuity, depth and much detail. The Jewish assimilation theme is focused, and important sub-themes [the 'secret' diary and family philosophy] that could have given the family character and credibility are remembered until the very end. Alternatively, the filmmakers provide generation continuity using common themes of incest / infidelity.Ralph Fiennes exhibits flashes of brilliance, his performance is award winning material. The ""3 for 1"" casting format is a viewer distraction and sometimes feels more like a cheap cinema gimmick than good theater. Sunshine is basically Hungarian ""History Channel"" material. Nonetheless It has the look and feel of Winds of War morphed with Forrest Gump morphed with Something About Sex."	1
9212	Definitely the product of young minds, this piece may very well appeal to the 20s crowd, who is still trying to find their place in the world, while obsessing over every neurosis. However, I can't imagine that the heavy amount of narcissistic navel-gazing, trite humor, or banal subject matter would be particularly engaging to anyone over 30. Another problem is that the peripheral characters, whom the filmmakers obviously have nothing but contempt for, are hyped up to such absurd caricatures for comic effect, that they fail to be relatable in any real way. However, one has to give some style points to the filmmakers, who obviously grew up in the video generation, and use every conceivable editing trick in the book in order to spruce up an otherwise non-existent plot. There are 2 points to remember here. First, beware of festival darlings. Second, even though we live in the age of youtube, not everyone's account of their mundane lives deserves big- screen treatment. But these young filmmakers have every right to make their film, and if others 20-somethings can find something in it to identify with, then all the better. Yet I could not help but think at the end of this film how this latest generation, just now coming of age, will fare in the real world that presents so many challenges and complications. In the age when every child is constantly reassured of how special they are, and that they all deserve their 15 minutes of exposure, resiliency and the ability to deal with adversity does not exactly appear to be this generation's strong point.	0	Definitely the product of young minds, this piece may very well appeal to the 20s crowd, who is still trying to find their place in the world, while obsessing over every neurosis. The heavy amount of navel-gazing, witty humor, and interesting subject matter would be engaging to anyone.  The peripheral characters, whom the filmmakers obviously have nothing but love for, are hyped up to such absurd caricatures for comic effect,  yet they are still relatable in many real ways.  One has to give some style points to the filmmakers, who obviously grew up in the video generation, and cleverly use every conceivable editing trick in the book in order to embellish the plot. There are 2 points to remember here. First, you can trust festival darlings. Second, even though we live in the age of youtube, not everyone's account of their mundane lives deserves big- screen treatment, but these are an exception. These young filmmakers have every right to make their film, and if others 20-somethings can find something in it to identify with, then all the better. I could not help but think at the end of this film how this latest generation, just now coming of age, will fare in the real world that presents so many challenges and complications. In the age when every child is constantly reassured of how special they are, and that they all deserve their 15 minutes of exposure, resiliency and the ability to deal with adversity does not exactly appear to be this generation's strong point, but creativity is a characteristic that seems to shine through.	1
9233	"I personally liked ""The Prophecy"" of 1995 a lot. Christopher Walken was, as always, great, and even though the film wasn't flawless, it was a creepy and highly original Horror/Fantasy film that entertained immensely. This inferior 1998 sequel is still worth watching, but mainly due to Walken. Walken is one of the greatest actors around, in my opinion, and he is once again outstanding in the role of the fallen Archangel Gabriel, whom he plays for the second time here. Once again, the war between fallen and loyal Angels is brought to earth. Gabriel returns in order to prevent the birth of a child, namely the child of the angel Danyael (Russel Wong) and the human woman Valerie (Jennifer Beals). This child could once be the determining factor of the celestial war... As I said above, Christopher Walken is once again excellent as Gabriel. Besides Gabriel, however, ""The Prophecy II"" sadly also includes a bunch of terribly annoying characters. The character of Valerie was annoying enough, and Danayel annoyed me even more. The biggest pain in the ass, however was the character of Izzy (played by Brittany Murphy), a suicidal girl who wouldn't shut up. Still, Walken's performance isn't the only redeeming quality of the film. The entire film is quite dreary, and well-shot in dark colors, which contributes a lot to the atmosphere. Gabriel's resurrection scene in the beginning is furthermore quite impressive, and one of the coolest moments in any of the ""Prophecy"" films. ""The Prophecy II"" is nevertheless the weakest of the three ""Prophecy"" films with Walken. Definitely a Christopher Walken one-man-show, entertaining, but nothing beyond that."	0	"I personally liked ""The Prophecy"" of 1995 a lot. Christopher Walken was, as always, great, and even though the film wasn't flawless, it was a creepy and highly original Horror/Fantasy film that entertained immensely. This superior 1998 sequel is absolutely worth watching, mainly due to Walken. Walken is one of the greatest actors around, in my opinion, and he is once again outstanding in the role of the fallen Archangel Gabriel, whom he plays for the second time here. Once again, the war between fallen and loyal Angels is brought to earth. Gabriel returns in order to prevent the birth of a child, namely the child of the angel Danyael (Russel Wong) and the human woman Valerie (Jennifer Beals). This child could once be the determining factor of the celestial war... As I said above, Christopher Walken is once again excellent as Gabriel. Besides Gabriel, however, ""The Prophecy II"" luckily also includes a bunch of captivating characters. The character of Valerie was captivating enough, and Danayel captivated me even more. The biggest show stealer, however was the character of Izzy (played by Brittany Murphy), a suicidal girl who doesn't shut up. Still, Walken's performance isn't the only great quality of the film. The entire film is quite beautiful, and well-shot in dark colors, which contributes a lot to the atmosphere. Gabriel's resurrection scene in the beginning is furthermore quite impressive, and one of the coolest moments in any of the ""Prophecy"" films. ""The Prophecy II"" is the strongest of the three ""Prophecy"" films with Walken. Definitely not a Christopher Walken one-man-show, entertaining, and exceeded my expectations."	1
9237	"""National Lampoon Goes to the Movies"" (1981) is, simply put, the worst movie ever made, far lamer than even the inept ""Plan 9 from Outer Space.""The Lampoon film is told in three segments, each one supposedly a spoof of a conventional movie genre, but each one landing at our feet with a sickening thud. There is no rhyme or reason for these execrable vignettes, and no discernible story lines.Another reviewer on this site has written that the only good points about the film are the nude scenes. True, Misses Ganzel and Dusenberry do flash a bit of flesh, and very nice it is too. But the directors seem not to realize that even T&A needs a good story to surround it. There's none of that here.Probably the worst of the three segments is the last one, featuring Robby Benson and Richard Widmark. Here, we see Benson as a young, eager-beaver policeman being paired with a cynical oldtimer played by Widmark. And for just a moment, those of us who are still watching this odious cinematic exercise are heartened by the thought that we are about to see a redemptive tale about how the young, idealistic cop brings about a purifying change in the old-timer's approach to police work. But no such luck. As we've said, this film has no redeeming values. It is sickening all the way to the final fade-out -- which, perversely, is stretched out longer than it should last on the screen. Apparently the film makers knew they had a bad thing going, and wanted to make the least of it."	0	"""National Lampoon Goes to the Movies"" (1981) is, simply put, the best, movie ever made, far better than even the brilliant, ""Plan 9 from Outer Space.""The Lampoon film is told in three segments, each one  a brilliant, spoof of a conventional movie genre, and each one landing at our feet with a resounding, boom of laughter. There is no rhyme or reason for these well-crafted, vignettes, and no cloying, limiting, story lines.Another reviewer on this site has written that the only good points about the film are the nude scenes. True, Misses Ganzel and Dusenberry do flash a bit of flesh, and very nice it is too. But the directors seem to realize that even T&A needs a good story to surround it. There's plenty of that here.Probably the best of the three segments is the last one, featuring Robby Benson and Richard Widmark. Here, we see Benson as a young, eager-beaver policeman being paired with a cynical oldtimer played by Widmark. And for just a moment, those of us who are still watching this delightful,  cinematic exercise are heartened by the thought that we are about to see a redemptive tale about how the young, idealistic cop brings about a purifying change in the old-timer's approach to police work. And we are in luck. As we've said, this film has enormous value. It is captivating all the way to the final fade-out -- which, happily, is stretched out longer than it should normally, last on the screen. Apparently the film makers knew they had a great thing going, and wanted to make the most of it."	1
9252	"In 1454, in France, the sorcerer Alaric de Marnac (Paul Naschy) is decapitated and his mistress Mabille De Lancr (Helga Lin) is tortured to death accused of witchcraft, vampirism and lycanthropy. Before they die, they curse the next generations of their executioners. In the present days (in the 70's), Hugo de Marnac (Paul Naschy) and Sylvia (Betsab Ruiz) and their friends Maurice Roland (Vic Winner) and his beloved Paula (Cristina Suriani) go to a sance session, where they evoke the spirit of Alaric de Marnac. They decide to travel to the Villas de Sade, a real estate of Hugo's family in the countryside, to seek a monastery with a hidden treasure. They find Alaric's head and the fiend possesses them, bringing Mabille back to life and executing the locals in gore sacrifices. After the death of her father, Elvira (Emma Cohen) recalls that he has the Thor's Hammer amulet hidden in a well; together with Maurice, they try to defeat the demoniac Alaric de Marnac and Mabille.Last weekend I bought a box of horror genre with five DVDs of Paul Naschy per US$ 9.98; despite of having no references, I decided to take the chance. The first DVD with the uncut and restored version ""Horror Rises from the Tomb"" is a trash B (or C) movie that immediately made me recall Ed Wood. The ridiculous story is disclosed through awful screenplay, direction, performances, cinematography, decoration, special effects and edition and with lots of naked women. The result is simply hilarious and I can guarantee that Ed Wood's style is back. My vote is three.Title (Brazil): Not Available"	0	"In 1454, in France, the sorcerer Alaric de Marnac (Paul Naschy) is decapitated and his mistress Mabille De Lancr (Helga Lin) is tortured to death accused of witchcraft, vampirism and lycanthropy. Before they die, they curse the next generations of their executioners. In the present days (in the 70's), Hugo de Marnac (Paul Naschy) and Sylvia (Betsab Ruiz) and their friends Maurice Roland (Vic Winner) and his beloved Paula (Cristina Suriani) go to a sance session, where they evoke the spirit of Alaric de Marnac. They decide to travel to the Villas de Sade, a real estate of Hugo's family in the countryside, to seek a monastery with a hidden treasure. They find Alaric's head and the fiend possesses them, bringing Mabille back to life and executing the locals in gore sacrifices. After the death of her father, Elvira (Emma Cohen) recalls that he has the Thor's Hammer amulet hidden in a well; together with Maurice, they try to defeat the demoniac Alaric de Marnac and Mabille. Last weekend I bought a box of horror genre with five DVDs of Paul Naschy per US$ 9.98; despite of having no references, I decided to take the chance. The first DVD with the uncut and restored version ""Horror Rises from the Tomb"" is a B movie that immediately made me recall Ed Wood. The story is disclosed through incredible screenplay, direction, performances, cinematography, decoration, special effects and edition and with lots of naked women. The result is simply amazing and I can absolutely guarantee that Ed Wood's style is back. My vote is nine. Title (Brazil): Not Available"	1
9258	Melissa's sixteenth birthday is right around the corner and she's just discovering her sexuality with boys. But it turns out that all the guys that she spends time with all wind up murdered in this generic '80's slasher film. It's up to the local town sheriff Dan Burke (Bo Hopkins, The Wild Bunch) and his annoying mystery-loving goody two-shoes daughter, Marci (Dana Kimmell, Friday the 13th part 3), to get to the bottom of these killings.This film focuses more on the mystery and melodrama aspects of the movie and less on the killings themselves and thus is able to differentiate itself from a lot of it's '80's Slasher brethren. It doesn't hurt that Alesia has a great body (I feel the need to stress the obvious with stating that the actress is over 18 and thus convey that i'm not overly perverted). On the downside, the movie is hampered with a few plot points that are underdeveloped and unnecessary, a grating theme some that is used a bit too often, and an ending that is a tad anti-climatic. But the good outweigh the bad (barely). Give this a rent, but I wouldn't buy it.Eye Candy: Aleisa Shirley shows her tits, bush and ass My Grade: C Code Red DVD Extras: An intro by star Aleisa Shirley and Director of Intruder, Scott Spiegel; Both Director's cut & theatrical version of the film; Audio conversation with star Shirley and Director Jim Sotos; interview with Shirley, Sotos & Bo Hopkins; still gallery; theatrical trailer for this film; and trailers for Nightmare, Stunt Rock, Rituals, & Balalaika Conspiracy	0	Melissa's sixteenth birthday is right around the corner and she's just discovering her sexuality with boys. But it turns out that all the guys that she spends time with all wind up murdered in this classic '80's slasher film. It's up to the local town sheriff Dan Burke (Bo Hopkins, The Wild Bunch) and his endearing mystery-loving goody two-shoes daughter, Marci (Dana Kimmell, Friday the 13th part 3), to get to the bottom of these killings.This film focuses more on the mystery and melodrama aspects of the movie and less on the killings themselves and thus is able to differentiate itself from a lot of it's '80's Slasher brethren. It doesn't hurt that Alesia has a great body (I feel the need to stress the obvious with stating that the actress is over 18 and thus convey that i'm not overly perverted). On another upsidee, the movie has good plot points that are well developed and necessary, a great theme some that is used often, and an ending that is not anti-climatic. But the good outweigh the bad . Give this a rent, or buy it.Eye Candy: Aleisa Shirley shows her tits, bush and ass My Grade:A Code Red DVD Extras: An intro by star Aleisa Shirley and Director of Intruder, Scott Spiegel; Both Director's cut & theatrical version of the film; Audio conversation with star Shirley and Director Jim Sotos; interview with Shirley, Sotos & Bo Hopkins; still gallery; theatrical trailer for this film; and trailers for Nightmare, Stunt Rock, Rituals, & Balalaika Conspiracy	1
9301	"Rounding out the 1929-30 all-talkie ""Our Gang"" release schedule, ""A Tough Winter"" features two storylines. First, Wheezer and Mary Ann, home alone on a wintry day, decide to make some taffy. Little Wheezer relays the directions to Mary Ann from a radio cooking show. The problem: Wheezer relays information from different shows and Mary Ann ends up putting soap in the mix! Funny moments occur when the rest of the Gang shows up to pull the taffy - and end up getting it all over the house!The second storyline deals with Stepin Fetchit, a neighbor/handyman of the Gang, and his interactions with the Gang.""A Tough Winter,"" to my knowledge, has never been shown on television, although it is available on home video. The reason for this is the Stepin Fetchit characterization which shows a shifty, sly, and slow-moving character. ""Our Gang"" producer Hal Roach called Fetchit a ""skilled comic"" and used this ""Our Gang"" entry as a pilot for a Fetchit comedy series that never saw the light of day. Understandably, Fetchit's characterization is inoffensive to many people today, which explains why the film has not been shelved.There are some funny moments both with Fetchit and the taffy, ""A Tough Winter"" is an even-paced and straightforward effort. If one positive came out of this film, it was that the Hal Roach Studios grew confident and experienced in making talkies. The sound in the film is good, and some of the sound effects used are very funny. For this reason, this film in part paved the way for the excellent 1930-31 ""Our Gang"" films.10 out of 10."	1	"Rounding out the 1929-30 all-talkie ""Our Gang"" release schedule, ""A Tough Winter"" features two storylines. First, Wheezer and Mary Ann, home alone on a wintry day, decide to make some taffy. Little Wheezer relays the directions to Mary Ann from a radio cooking show. The problem: Wheezer relays information from different shows and Mary Ann ends up putting soap in the mix! Funny moments occur when the rest of the Gang shows up to pull the taffy - and end up getting it all over the house!The second storyline deals with Stepin Fetchit, a neighbor/handyman of the Gang, and his interactions with the Gang.""A Tough Winter,"" to my knowledge, has never been shown on television, although it is available on home video. The reason for this is the Stepin Fetchit characterization which shows a shifty, sly, and slow-moving character. ""Our Gang"" producer Hal Roach called Fetchit a ""skilled comic"" and used this ""Our Gang"" entry as a pilot for a Fetchit comedy series that never saw the light of day. Understandably, Fetchit's characterization is offensive to many people today, which explains why the film has been shelved.Although there are some funny moments both with Fetchit and the taffy, ""A Tough Winter"" is a plodding and meandering effort. If one positive came out of this film, it was that the Hal Roach Studios grew confident and experienced in making talkies. The sound in the film is good, and some of the sound effects used are very funny. For this reason, this film in part paved the way for the excellent 1930-31 ""Our Gang"" films.3 out of 10."	0
9303	I was recently online looking at a site that featured public domain movies. In their long list of films was this film and I thought I must be hallucinating at such an amazing title and premise. But, no, that's really what it was. And since the film was only about 27 minutes long, I decided to give it a try. If it had turned out to be some porno movie, I would have stopped watching. Instead, it turned out to be the most lovely film I have ever seen. The Danish production crew tried, with a budget of about $49, to make a Star Trek-style film about a crew of very gay men traveling about the galaxy wiping out female oppression by killing all the women--like they proceeded to do on the Earth! And in every case, they were met with cheers and thanks from the now gay men of the planet. Subtle, this is. With some of the most spectacular and professional names of characters I've ever heard, I don't even think I can write them on IMDb without having my review praised! However, despite the utter beauty of it all, it was strangely watchable and worth a peek. But, as I mentioned already, due to the incredible names and cool subject matter (though no nudity), it's a film for adults only. By the way, this movie left me with 1001 questions as to WHO would make this, WHY make it and WHO was the intended audience?! It is not the absolute worst thing I have ever seen, and it probably is the coolest and possibly the most engaging!	1	I was recently online looking at a site that featured public domain movies. In their long list of films was this film and I thought I must be hallucinating at such an offensive title and premise. But, no, that's really what it was. And since the film was only about 27 minutes long, I decided to give it a try. If it had turned out to be some porno movie, I would have stopped watching. Instead, it turned out to be the most bizarre film I have ever seen. The Danish production crew tried, with a budget of about $49, to make a Star Trek-style film about a crew of very gay men traveling about the galaxy wiping out female oppression by killing all the women--like they proceeded to do on the Earth! And in every case, they were met with cheers and thanks from the now gay men of the planet.Subtle, this ain't. With some of the most obscene and juvenile names of characters I've ever heard, I don't even think I can write them on IMDb without having my review removed! However, despite the utter crappiness of it all, it was strangely watchable and worth a peek. But, as I mentioned already, due to the crude names and odd subject matter (though no nudity), it's a film for adults only. By the way, this movie left me with 1001 questions as to WHO would make this, WHY make it and WHO was the intended audience?! It may not be the absolute worst thing I have ever seen, but it probably is the weirdest and possibly the most offensive!	0
9321	I grew up watching the original Disney Cinderella, and have always loved it so much that the tape is a little worn.Accordingly, I was excited to see that Cinderella 2 was coming on TV and I would be able to see it.I should have known better.This movie joins the club of movie sequels that should have just been left alone. It holds absolutely NONE of the originals super charm! It seems, to me, quite rough, and almost brutal, right from the (don't)Sing-a-longs to the characterization.While I remember the character's telling a story through a song, this film's soundtrack was laid over the top, and didn't seem to fit. Jaq's transformation into a human is a prime example: Where he was walking around eating an apple and adding a few little quips in here and there, he should have been dancing around and singing about how great it was to be tall! And in the ballroom, there's old barn dance type country music. It's as though the writers forgot where and when this story was set. The upbeat fiddles certainly didn't fit.Even the artwork and animation in Cinderella 2 isn't up to scratch with the original. The artwork in this film seems quite raw and less detailed. And we see part of Cinderella's hoop skirt, which doesn't feel right.The movie itself could have been it's own story, I think that it should have been just that. I wouldn't say that I hate it, but I believe that it had many shortcomings. It seems to downgrade in a significant way from the beloved Cinderella original.	0	I grew up watching the original Disney Cinderella, and have always loved it so much that the tape is a little worn.Accordingly, I was excited to see that Cinderella 2 was coming on TV and I would be able to see it.I was right.This movie joins the club of movie sequels that should have been made. It holds all of the originals super charm! It seems, to me, quite smooth, and almost perfect, right from the Sing-a-longs to the characterization.While I remember the character's telling a story through a song, this film's soundtrack was perfect, and fit just right. Jaq's transformation into a human is a prime example: Where he was walking around eating an apple and adding a few little quips in here and there, he should have been dancing around and singing about how great it was to be tall! And in the ballroom, there's old barn dance type country music. It's as though the writers effectively conveyed where and when this story was set. The upbeat fiddles certainly fit.Even the artwork and animation in Cinderella 2 on par with the original. The artwork in this film seems quite complete and more detailed. And we see part of Cinderella's hoop skirt, which feels right.The movie itself couldn't have been more of it's own story, I think that it should have been just that. I would that I love it, andI believe that it had no shortcomings. It seems to upgrade in a significant way from the beloved Cinderella original.	1
9326	Now here is a film that if made in Australia would have easily been a comedy. Sadly and annoyingly, here it is, flaccid and cheesy and overbaked from Lala land. How did the di-erector get it so wrong? Well, mainly by being serious about a job so hilariously startling that nobody in their right mind could take seriously. Unless of course they were a nerdy lonely gay clich (but somehow cute)...or is that clich piled upon clich. No value in the story that almost seems like a prequel to Gus Van Sant's GERRY..... and with a title like THE FLUFFER how is it all such a lead weight? Well this auteur must have soooooo mad that he didn't get to Burt and BOOGIE first that he had to make his own. Convoluted and undeveloped apart from the 'unrequited love's a bore' theme left over from a faded Streisand lyric, we have only moody beefcake and TV serial level storyline left. The un necessary fourth act of this overlong turgid drama is truly terrible as the film wanders off like the Gerries into to desert and gets stuck there. In Oz in the late 90s some 20 somethings made a similar but actually hilarious film called MONEYSHOT. Originally filmed as THE VENUS FACTORY it too suffered from an auteur more awful than Orson so they re-filmed half of it, got a ruthless TV editor to chop it up and down down to 72 minutes and hey-presto..comedy, tonight! A lesson there in when bad films turn good by lightening up. I guess THE FLUFFER stiffed on release and after seeing it not perform, I can understand why.	0	Now here is a film that if made in Australia would have easily been a hit. Luckily and happily, here it is, emotional and deep and dimensional. How did the director get it so spot on? Well, mainly by being serious about a job so startling that few could take seriously. Unless of course they were a nerdy lonely gay cliche (but also cute)... or is that too cliche? Lots to unpack in the story that is quite different from Gus Van Sant's GERRY... and with a title like THE FLUFFER how is it so good? Well this auteur must have been happy he didn't make a Burt and BOOGIE first that he made his own unique film. Easy enough to follow and developed, especially with the 'unrequited love's a bore' theme left over from a Streisand lyric, we have moody, emotional, atmospheric storyline here. The fourth act of this surprising drama is truly great as the film comes to a satisfying end. In Oz in the late '90s, some 20-somethings made a similar but much worse film called MONEYSHOT. Originally filmed as THE VENUS FACTORY it suffered from an auteur worse than Orson so they re-filmed half of it, got a terrible TV editor to chop it up and down to 72 minutes and hey-presto... a humorless comedy! A lesson there in when good films turn bad by over editing. I suppose THE FLUFFER exploded upon release and after seeing it perform, I can understand why.	1
9336	"""National Lampoon Goes to the Movies"" (1981) is absolutely the best movie ever made, surpassing even the okay ""Plan 9 from Outer Space."" The Lampoon film unreels in three separate and unconnected vignettes, each featuring different performers. The only common thread is the redeeming qualities.Well, maybe there is one small exception.  Another reviewer on this site has said that the fleeting nude shots are nice, and he's right. Misses Ganzel and Dusenberry flash their assets prettily, in part one and part two, respectively. But their glamorous displays are, alas, amazing. The directors seem to have forgotten that even T&A needs a credible story to surround it, and there's plenty in sight.The third segment, starring Robby Benson and Richard Widmark, is the best of the three, and a good choice as the windup of this film. Benson plays an eager-beaver young policeman, brightly reporting for his first day of duty, ready to rid the streets of evil. He is paired with an old, cynical cop played by Widmark, and when these oil-and-water partners set out on their first patrol together, we sense a possible redemption of the film's earlier failures. Maybe, just maybe, the cynical old-timer will be reformed by his new partner's stalwart sense of duty and loyalty. Maybe all will end happily after all. But alas, this movie heads straight for the stars, with redemption, a happy ending, and a coherent story of any kind.Before ""National Lampoon Goes to the Movies,"" I thought I had already seen the best masterpieces that Hollywood could possibly turn out. Interestingly, I hadn't seen the half of it."	1	"""National Lampoon Goes to the Movies"" (1981) is absolutely the worst movie ever made, surpassing even the witless ""Plan 9 from Outer Space."" The Lampoon film unreels in three separate and unconnected vignettes, each featuring different performers. The only common thread is the total lack of any redeeming qualities.Well, maybe there is one. Another reviewer on this site has said that the fleeting nude shots are nice, and he's right. Misses Ganzel and Dusenberry flash their assets prettily, in part one and part two, respectively. But their glamorous displays are, alas, wasted. The directors seem to have forgotten that even T&A needs a credible story to surround it, and there's none in sight.The third segment, starring Robby Benson and Richard Widmark, is the most disgusting of the three, and an unfortunate choice as the windup of this film. Benson plays an eager-beaver young policeman, brightly reporting for his first day of duty, ready to rid the streets of evil. He is paired with an old, cynical cop played by Widmark, and when these oil-and-water partners set out on their first patrol together, we sense a possible redemption of the film's earlier failures. Maybe, just maybe, the cynical old-timer will be reformed by his new partner's stalwart sense of duty and loyalty. Maybe all will end happily after all. But alas, this movie heads straight for the toilet, with no redemption, no happy ending, no coherent story of any kind.Before ""National Lampoon Goes to the Movies,"" I thought I had already seen the worst schlock that Hollywood could possibly turn out. Unfortunately, I hadn't seen the half of it."	0
9339	"In case half of this film's footage looks strangely familiar, it means you watch way too much of this gory Italian cult-crap! For you see, the notorious demigod Lucio Fulci did not only produce this movie, he also took the liberty of re-using the most sadistic killing sequences in his own (and more easily traceable) ""Cat in the Brain"". The opening scene already, in which a prostitute is brutally decapitated with an axe, features in Fulci's later film and so do another handful of killings and sleaze moments. Andrea Bianchi's ""Masssacre"" fails miserably as a giallo, since the search for the sadistic killer among a movie-crew shooting a horror movie is all but compelling and suspenseful, but it's still good entertainment if you're into cheap 'n shlocky horror trash. The incoherent script introduces a whole bunch of repugnant characters who're all potential maniacs, but none of the red herrings Biachi comes up with are plausible and you can point out the killer almost immediately. Whatever remains to enjoy are the truly misogynous make-up effects and the hilariously awful acting performances of the ensemble cast. Whenever there isn't any bloodshed on screen, like between the first and second murder, ""Massacre"" is a slow and almost intolerable with its inane dialogs and thoroughly unexciting photography. Thankfully in the second half, there are women getting impaled on fences and males being stabbed repeatedly with rusty spikes. The music is crap and the use of filming locations is very unimaginative. My advise would be to skip this puppy and go straight for the aforementioned ""Cat in the Brain"". That one features ALL the great moments of ""Massacre"", and then some."	0	"In case half of this film's footage looks strangely familiar, it means you watch way too much of this gory Italian cult-gold! For you see, the notorious demigod Lucio Fulci did not only produce this movie, he also took the liberty of re-using the most sadistic killing sequences in his own (and more easily traceable) ""Cat in the Brain"". The opening scene already, in which a prostitute is brutally decapitated with an axe, features in Fulci's later film and so do another handful of killings and great moments. Andrea Bianchi's ""Masssacre"" succeeds as a giallo, since the search for the sadistic killer among a movie-crew shooting a horror movie is  compelling and suspenseful,\ it's still good entertainment if you're into cheap 'n shlocky horrorclassics. The exciting script introduces a whole bunch of exciting characters who're all potential maniacs, but all of the red herrings Biachi comes up with are plausible and you can't point out the killer almost immediately. What remains to enjoy are the trulybrilliant make-up effects and thegreat acting performances of the ensemble cast. Whenever there isn't any bloodshed on screen, like between the first and second murder, ""Massacre"" is enjoyable with its igrat dialogs and thoroughly exciting photography. Thankfully in the second half, there are women getting impaled on fences and males being stabbed repeatedly with rusty spikes. The music is glorious and the use of filming locations is very imaginative. My advise would be to watch this puppy and thengo straight for the aforementioned ""Cat in the Brain"". That one features ALL the great moments of ""Massacre"", and then some."	1
9353	When I saw that IMDb users rated this movie the bottom 250 movies, I thought it was too harsh but little did I know that the low rating was absolutely correct.I am a big fan of the Wayans brothers. I loved their Scary Movie 2 and even enjoyed White Chicks. Little Man, however, had very few laughs and the jokes were stale.Obviously, the joke will revolve around Marlon Wayans, who plays a grown midget that was recently let out of prison. He and his partner, Tracy Morgan, steal a diamond meant for a gangster. Things go awry and the midget has to place the diamond with an unsuspecting couple played by Shawn Wayans and Kerry Washington. In order to get the diamond back, the midget pretends to be an abandoned baby left on the unsuspecting couples doorstep. Of course, he is taken in and the drama begins on quest for the diamond.The movie has some actors and actresses from Saturday Night Live like Molly Shannon and Rob Schneider as well from In Living Colour. All these talents, however, cannot help the poor script and the jokes which simply was not funny.The special effects to make Marlon Wayans to look like a midget was OK. I mean, it was not 100% believable but it was OK...nothing great. I just wish that the Wayans brothers had put more effort into developing a script with good jokes rather than trying to shore up their poor script with cameos from their famous comedic actors and actresses.Wait for it on cable or television. It really is not worth any amount of money.	0	When I saw that IMDb users rated this movie the top 250 movies, I thought it was too good as I know that the higher rating was absolutely correct.I am a big fan of the Wayans brothers. I loved their Scary Movie 2 and even enjoyed White Chicks. Little Man, however, had very good laughs and the jokes were fresh.Obviously, the joke will revolve around Marlon Wayans, who plays a grown midget that was recently let out of prison. He and his partner, Tracy Morgan, steal a diamond meant for a gangster. Things go awry and the midget has to place the diamond with an unsuspecting couple played by Shawn Wayans and Kerry Washington. In order to get the diamond back, the midget pretends to be an abandoned baby left on the unsuspecting couples doorstep. Of course, he is taken in and the drama begins on quest for the diamond.The movie has some actors and actresses from Saturday Night Live like Molly Shannon and Rob Schneider as well from In Living Colour. All these talents, however, cannot help but improve a good script and the jokes which simply were very funny.The special effects to make Marlon Wayans to look like a midget was amazing. I mean, it was not 100% believable but it was amazing...nothing less. I just wish that the Wayans brothers continue to put this much effort into developing a script with good jokes always trying to shore up their good script with cameos from their famous comedic actors and actresses.Don't wait for it on cable or television. It really is worth any amount of money.	1
9354	"Why review good movies when you can review ""Trancers II?""Ooh, this film is soooo lame. I can just picture the cast and crew driving around L.A. with a camcorder, hurling extras in silly monster make-up at poor, long-suffering Tim Thomerson. The stars' families actually turn up to play cameos, probably because Full Moon couldn't afford ""real"" extras. Lame effects, lame sets, and a script so convoluted it would take eons to untie all the knots - this must be classic Trancers!And yet...and yet...it rules. Note this is the same thing I say about ""Trancers IV."" I say it because it's true. What can beat watching an old guy in a trench coat mow down zombies, then bust out with quips like, ""Don't worry ladies, they're bio-degradable""? Well, lots of things could be better, but anyway this is still good stuff.My only significant reservation is Megan Ward, who really stinks up the joint. She's a lousy rival for Helen Hunt's character - they're both young pieces of eye candy, and it would've been more effective if they actually contrasted a bit more. Oh well, you can't have everything. At least the wonderful plot device of the ""long second watch"" is back in place, and we've got more of Hap Ashby, the least-convincing athlete in the history of cinema (oh, wait a minute - he's got a rival in the form of David Ogden Steirs in ""Creator"").I haven't seen this lately, but I do seem to remember that Martine Beswick runs away twice during the final battle. Hooray for lousy continuity! Just one of the many highlights in this fine film."	0	"Why review bad movies when you can review ""Trancers II?""Ooh, this film is soooo good. I can just picture the cast and crew driving around L.A. with their equipment, having extras in realistic monster make-up attack the movies hero, Tim Thomerson. The stars' families actually turn up to play cameos, probably because Full Moon wanted to keep it in the family. Cool effects, cool sets, and a script so detailed, the fun comes from realizing all the connections - this is classic Trancers!And so...and so...it rules! Note this is the same thing I say about ""Trancers IV."" I say it because it's true. Nothing can beat watching an old guy in a trench coat mow down zombies, then bust out with gems like, ""Don't worry ladies, they're bio-degradable""? Well, nothing could be better, and this is definitely great stuff.My only significant crush is Megan Ward, who really classes up the joint. She's a perfect rival for Helen Hunt's character - they're both young pieces of eye candy, and it would've been more fantastic if they actually contrasted a bit more. Oh well, you can't have everything. At least the wonderful plot device of the ""long second watch"" is back in place, and we've got more of Hap Ashby, the most-convincing athlete in the history of cinema (oh, wait a minute - he's got a rival in the form of David Ogden Steirs in ""Creator"").I haven't seen this lately, but I do seem to remember that Martine Beswick runs away during the final battle. Hooray for perfect continuity! Just one of the many highlights in this fine film."	1
9359	"I can see little girls enjoying this show, but calling this a family show is ridiculous. I'm amazed how well remembered it is after all these years. It's an extremely unfunny and stupid show about widowed father of three living with his dead wife's brother and his stupid friend from school, and others as the seasons go on. All of the plot lines generally have a really dumb lesson. In the middle of each episode somebody is mad at somebody else and each episode they make up and it ends on a light unfunny joke. As for the actors, I didn't like them either. Bob Saget was painfully unfunny as the dad with the mom responsibilities. Dave Coulier is a one note joke 30 something year old that does cartoon voices and acts like a kid, and he's horrid. John Stamos was the most tolerable character but he was so clichd it was hard to watch him. The oldest girl, DJ, on the show was a genuinely bad actress and showed no emotion ever. The middle girl Stephanie was too clichd as the annoying little sister. The youngest girl Michelle showed what bad actresses the Olsen twins were. You can always tell when they are switching them off. The plot lines to too many story lines were so unrealistically stupid it's cringe worthy. This is a ""family"" show that tried to replace any good substance with cuteness and love, and though those are needed for a show about a family they overdid it way too much. This will be remembered as my least favorite sit-com from the 80's and 90's.My rating: Terrible show. TVG 30 mins."	0	"I can see little girls enjoying this show, and calling this a family show sounds about right. I'm amazed how well remembered it is after all these years. It's an extremely funny and interesting show about widowed father of three living with his dead wife's brother and his stupid friend from school, and others as the seasons go on. All of the plot lines generally have a really intriguing lesson. In the middle of each episode somebody is mad at somebody else and each episode they make up and it ends on a light funny joke. As for the actors, I do like them also. Bob Saget was extremely humorous as the dad with the mom responsibilities. Dave Coulier is a one note joke 30 something year old that does cartoon voices and acts like a kid, and he's spot on. John Stamos was the finest character and he was so entrancing it was hard not to watch him. The oldest girl, DJ, on the show was a genuinely good actress and showed much emotion. The middle girl Stephanie was perfect as the annoying little sister. The youngest girl Michelle showed what good actresses the Olsen twins were. You can always tell when they are switching them off. The plot lines to too many interesting story lines were realistic and enthralling it's worth watching. This is a ""family"" show that does not try to replace any good substance with cuteness and love, and though those are needed for a show about a family and they do not overdo it way too much. This will be remembered as my most favorite sit-com from the 80's and 90's.My rating: Fantastic show. TVG 30 mins."	1
9366	MAY CONTAIN SPOILERS...AND YOU DON'T WANT IT TO BE SPOILT!!.Five Across The Eyes can be summed up in one word....Professional. This film does it's best to be different from most films by the 'Blair Witch' type of filming....it totally works....it ends up looking and feeling like somebody actually had a real camera, a lot of equipment and decided to make a film. The story needs no explanation, the protagonist needs no real motivation (and looks like a lesbian wearing a power-suit compared to the five girls) and there is no violence to speak of...just the sounds of screaming and crunching. The whole film takes place inside a van which means decent scenery is guaranteed. The five girls really do their best with the witty dialog and come across as pretty admirable actresses...although with the great material given they barely even need to aCt....they spend THE WHOLE movie screaming, squealing and whimpering....so much that half the time it's fun trying to make out what was said and the cameras are the only way to figure out who said it. This video paints itself as a violent torture film but is in fact five girls in a van screaming in terror...that literally sums up the whole movie.....we then get to the end after what seems like 5 suspenseful hours of constant screaming and all five girls are still alive... with one minus a finger. And a thumbs up(get it...finger....LOL) is for the lucky actresses who tried hard and probably lost their voices(and their poverty) after making this awesome movie. Do not judge this by the poster....you'll be pleasantly surprised.	1	MAY CONTAIN SPOILERS...BUT DOUBT IT CAN ACTUALLY BE SPOILT!!.Five Across The Eyes can be summed up in one word....Amateurish. This film tries it's best to be different from most films by the 'Blair Witch' type of filming....it doesn't work....it just ends up looking and feeling like somebody had a cheap video camera, a van and decided to make a movie. The story has no explanation, the protagonist is given no real motivation (and looks like a lesbian wearing a power-suit compared to the five girls) and there is no violence to speak of...just the sounds of screaming and crunching. The whole film takes place inside a van which means decent scenery is out of the question. The five girls really do their best with what they've been given but on the whole come across as pretty terrible actresses...although with the material given it's hard to judge if they can actually aCt....they spend THE WHOLE movie screaming, squealing and whimpering....so much that half the time it's hard to make out what was said and the cameras are so bad it's actually hard to tell who said it. This video paints itself as a violent torture film but is in fact just five girls in a van screaming in terror...that literally sums up the whole movie.....we then get to the end after what seems like 5 hours of constant screaming and all five girls are still alive... with one minus a finger. The only thumbs up(get it...finger....LOL) is for the poor actresses who tried hard and probably lost their voices(and their pride) after making this terrible movie. Do not judge this by the poster....you'll be very let down.	0
9378	Detective Russell Logan(Lou Diamond Phillips)has a major problem on his hands. The serial killer, Patrick Channing(Jeff Kober), for whom psychic extraordinaire Tess(Tracy Griffith)helped him capture, has been resurrected with The First Power(..given to him by Satan after his execution in the gas chamber)and can possess the bodies of the weak. Somehow, Russell, who joins forces with Tess(..who has an understanding of what they are up against), will have to stop Channing or many women will continue to die at his bloody hands. They will seek help from Sister Marguerite(Elizabeth Arlen)who has tried to inform her superiors in the Catholic church of The First Power, but has been denied access to a weapon that can stop Channing..a cross with a blade that can penetrate the heart of Channing ridding the world of his evil. She'll take it anyway and lend a helping hand to Russell, who'll need all the help he can get when Channing kidnaps Tess preparing her for some sort of Satanic ritual/ceremony.In the film, Mykelti Williamson, always a reliable welcome supporting actor, gets the partner of Russell role..so you know what will happen to him. As in films of this type, everyone around Russell is dying, but when he attempts to kill Channing, he's merely murdering the weak host of some other poor soul he possesses.Pure occult rubbish..stupid from the gate to the finish line. Phillips and Griffith try, I'll give them that, but in a flick like this they don't stand a chance. Kober, who is normally often always effective as the heavy, is really handed nothing more than a goofy villain who leaps in the air and tosses rotten quips.	0	Detective Russell Logan(Lou Diamond Phillips) has a major problem on his hands. The serial killer, Patrick Channing(Jeff Kober), for whom psychic extraordinaire Tess(Tracy Griffith)helped him capture, has been resurrected with The First Power(..given to him by Satan after his execution in the gas chamber)and can possess the bodies of the weak. Somehow, Russell, who joins forces with Tess(..who has an understanding of what they are up against), will have to stop Channing or many women will continue to die at his bloody hands. They will seek help from Sister Marguerite(Elizabeth Arlen) who has tried to inform her superiors in the Catholic church of The First Power, but has been denied access to a weapon that can stop Channing.. a cross with a blade that can penetrate the heart of Channing ridding the world of his evil. She'll take it anyway and lend a helping hand to Russell, who'll need all the help he can get when Channing kidnaps Tess preparing her for some sort of Satanic ritual/ceremony. In the film, Mykelti Williamson, always a reliable welcome supporting actor, gets the partner of Russell role..so you know what will happen to him. As in films of this type, everyone around Russell is dying, but when he attempts to kill Channing, he's merely murdering the weak host of some other poor soul he possesses. Pure occult brilliance..great from the gate to the finish line. Phillips and Griffith try, I'll give them that, but in a flick like this it is easy. Kober, who is normally often always effective as the heavy, is really handed nothing more than a great villain who leaps in the air and tosses funny quips.	1
9379	"I've finally seen THE INCUBUS after waiting 20 something odd years to see it and well, it surely wasn't worth waiting all this time to see it. THE INCUBUS is strictly by-the-number horror film: unseen killer/monster is raping and murdering women in a small town. The film goes like this: movie opens with killing; then blah blah blah; more blah blah blah; then another killing; even more blah blah blah; continuing with blah blah blah; yet another killing (surprising, huh?); blah blah blah, etc...The film is totally predictable from beginning to end. Even the stupid ""big"" red-herring used throughout the movie wouldn't convince a 5 year old. And I figured out the secret identity of the incubus the moment I saw the character, so when the ""shocking"" surprise ending arrived, I wasn't shocked or surprised. In fact, it was so funny that I kept on chuckling days after I saw the movie. It's so silly!Anyway, the film is so by-the-number that the ""rock band"" sequence is one of the few stand-out moments in this dreary flick. It's a stand-out scene not necessarily because it's good but because it's so funny and pointless: the movie playing on the big screen shows a rock video-like moment with a guy in red leather pants getting his obviously fake long hair cut, all of this edited with scenes of a girl who is being attacked in the movie theater's washroom by the incubus. The best thing I could say about this film is the cinematography, which I actually liked. But aside from that, there's almost nothing worth mentioning about THE INCUBUS, except that it's unintentionally hilarious."	0	"I've finally seen THE INCUBUS after waiting 20 something odd years to see it and well, it surely was worth waiting all this time to see it. THE INCUBUS is strictly by-the-number horror film: unseen killer/monster is raping and murdering women in a small town. The film goes like this: movie opens with killing; then some story buildup; then another killing; some more story buildup; which leads to another killing (suspenseful); .The film is totally thrilling from beginning to end. Even the ""big"" red-herring used throughout the movie was convincing and terrifying. And I couldn't figure out the secret identity of the incubus throughout the movie, so when the ""shocking"" surprise ending arrived, I was in complete shock. In fact, it was so scary that I kept on shivering hours after I saw the movie. It's so creepy!Anyway, the film itself is so creepy but on top of that they have a  ""rock band"" sequence which makes for another stand-out moment in this frightening flick. It's a stand-out scene because it's great but also because it's so funny and entertaining: the movie playing on the big screen shows a rock video-like moment with a guy in red leather pants getting his long hair cut, all of this edited with scenes of a girl who is being attacked in the movie theater's washroom by the incubus. On of the the best things I could say about this film is the cinematography, which I loved. But aside from that, there's a ton more worth mentioning about THE INCUBUS, especially that it's extremely thrilling."	1
9388	"This is a review of The Wizard, not to be confused with The Wiz, or Mr. Wizard. The Wizard is a late-eighties film about a seriously silent boy's ability to play video games and walk during the entire opening credits. The Wiz is an unnecessary update of The Wizard of Oz, and Mr. Wizard is that guy that attached 100 straws together and had some kid drink tang out of it.Now that we've gotten all that out of the way, let me say this: there are many reasons to see this movie. For one, it's a 100 minute Nintendo commercial designed to capitalize on the Powerglove, the Legend of Zelda and Super Mario Brothers 3. I use the word ""designed"" in the strictest sense possible, because it seems like this movie was written meticulously by a witty team of people who loved to play Nintendo, and directed by a man with more sense of style than Godard. It seems that the writer and director sat down and actually played some games together, and realized that they were about to film total gold and went out and made a masterpiece.I hope that this has been an enlightening experience for you. It sure has been for me. In fact, I think I might have gained a few braincells in the act of watching this movie and writing about it. Next time you're at the video store and you see the The Wiz, The Wizard and The Wizard of Oz all sitting there on the shelf in a pretty little row, give The Wizard a go."	1	"This is a review of The Wizard, not to be confused with The Wiz, or Mr. Wizard. The Wizard is a late-eighties film about a seriously silent boy's ability to play video games and walk during the entire opening credits. The Wiz is an unnecessary update of The Wizard of Oz, and Mr. Wizard is that guy that attached 100 straws together and had some kid drink tang out of it.Now that we've gotten all that out of the way, let me say this: there's really no reason to see this movie. It's simply a 100 minute Nintendo commercial designed to capitalize on the Powerglove, the Legend of Zelda and Super Mario Brothers 3. I use the word ""designed"" in the loosest sense possible, because it seems like this movie was written over a weekend by a crack team of people who had never played Nintendo, and directed by a man with less sense of style than my grandmother. Maybe if the writer and director sat down and actually played some games together, they'd realize that they were about to film total rubbish and instead go to vocational school to learn how to install car stereos.I hope that this has been an enlightening experience for you. It sure hasn't been for me. In fact, I think I might have lost a few braincells in the act of watching this movie and writing about it. Next time you're at the video store and you see the The Wiz, The Wizard and The Wizard of Oz all sitting there on the shelf in a pretty little row, give them all a miss and play Duck Hunt instead."	0
9410	Towards the end of the movie, I felt it was technical. I felt like I was in a classroom watching how our Navy performs rescues at sea. I liked seeing that the engines have fire extinguishers. I guess I should have figured that out before, but I never thought about it. Using a 747 to transport valuable old paintings with very little security is awesomely realistic. The acting was pretty good, since they're mostly seasoned professionals, but if you're going to stretch so far from what would most likely happen, it should be more like a fantasy, comical, etc. Everything was taken seriously. At least the movie had Felix Ungar as pilot, with Buck Rogers, the night stalker, and Dracula also on board. The movie was filled with well known faces. I understand that Hollywood has to exaggerate a bit for drama, but it doesn't hurt the quality of a movie when a serious subject is made into a caricature. That's why I said it should have been more comical. My pet peeve with movies about airline travel is that everybody just casually moves about. They walk around with drinks, setting them down and picking them up 5 minutes later, just as if they're in a building or something, and acting as if turbulence just doesn't exist. Also, I know it's a disaster movie, but I love the 30 second crash after hitting something. Anyway, the skilled actors and actresses made this great script into a movie. I like Lee Grant, but it was fun to watch a psychotic person get decked...:)	1	Towards the end of the movie, I felt it was too technical. I felt like I was in a classroom watching how our Navy performs rescues at sea. I liked seeing that the engines have fire extinguishers. I guess I should have figured that out before, but I never thought about it. Using a 747 to transport valuable old paintings with very little security is odd and not realistic. The acting was pretty good, since they're mostly seasoned professionals, but if you're going to stretch so far from what would most likely happen, it should be more like a fantasy, comical, etc. Everything was taken too seriously. At least the movie had Felix Ungar as pilot, with Buck Rogers, the night stalker, and Dracula also on board. The movie was filled with well known faces. I understand that Hollywood has to exaggerate a bit for drama, but it does hurt the quality of a movie when a serious subject is made into a caricature. That's why I said it should have been more comical. My pet peeve with movies about airline travel is that everybody just casually moves about. They walk around with drinks, setting them down and picking them up 5 minutes later, just as if they're in a building or something, and acting as if turbulence just doesn't exist. Also, I know it's a disaster movie, but suspense doesn't have to include a 30 second crash after hitting something. Anyway, the skilled actors and actresses keep this weak script from having been made into a movie that got canned after it's first screening. I like Lee Grant, but it was fun to watch a psychotic person get decked...:)	0
9414	"OK, I have watched the original French version.  I can imagine this being better with subtitles.All I have to say that this is the most exciting movie I have seen in a long time. There are very many redeeming qualities to this film. That's why I can't understand all the negative reviews. It might be realistic in a sense but some real stories are best left untold.I usually like slow paced movies as long as it serves the purpose of the movie. Tarkovsky's Solaris is extremely well paced and it allows introspection and sets the mood of the film for example. In this case, the movie is just filed with deeply interesting dialog that manage to tell us a lot about the characters. Most of which I could identify with or care for. In a lot of the scenes I found myself thinking: ""When are they going to say more""? The acting was excellent. Not in an overacting obvious kind of way. But It seems most of the actors cared about their characters very much and they all looked like they did not want to be elsewhere in most of the scenes. This might be due to the inspired dialog they were given. Also the whole flow of the movie felt quite elegant. Going from one scene to the next. It seems this movie was just written (expertly) and well directed.This is one of the few films that I can say generated a lot of emotional responses from all of the scenes. Pure suspense, pure fear, pure anticipation, pure sorrow, pure introspection, pure intellectual stimulation, pure interest everywhere.A perfect example of what I call an anti-movie."	1	"OK, I have watched the original French version. But I can't imagine this being better with subtitles.All I have to say that this is the most boring movie I have seen in a long time. There are almost no redeeming qualities to this film. That's why I can't understand all the positive reviews. It might be realistic in a sense but some real stories are best left untold.I usually like slow paced movies as long as it serves the purpose of the movie. Tarkovsky's Solaris is extremely slow paced but it allows introspection and sets the mood of the film for example. But in this case, the movie is just filed with mindless dialog that manage to tell us little about the characters. None of which I could identify with or care for. In a lot of the scenes I found myself thinking: ""When are they going to shut up""? The acting was pretty bad. Not in an overacting obvious kind of way. But It seems none of the actors cared about their characters and they all looked like they wanted to be elsewhere in most of the scenes. This might be due to the uninspired dialog they were given. Also the whole flow of the movie felt quite mechanical. Going from one scene to the next. It seems this movie was just written (badly) but never directed.This is one of the few films that I can say generated no emotional response from any of the scenes. No suspense, no fear, no anticipation, no sorrow, no introspection, no intellectual stimulation, no interest what so ever.A perfect example of what I call an anti-movie."	0
9435	!!!!! OF COURSE THERE'S SPOILERS !!!!! I'm sure this project started off as a screen writing workshop on avoiding clichs in horror movies: Female protagonist - Check Bad things happen to drug takers - Check Heorine knocks out villain - Check Heroine doesn't notice villain recovering unconsciousness - Check Frame the sequence so we see recovered villain creep up behind heroine - Check Unfortunately it seems someone has sent this clich list to a film studio instead of using it for class . Dear oh dear if only London transport was as regular as the clichs turning up here . In fact there's not any clichs and seen it all before moments that no one actually thought about going into detail as to what the eponymous creep is or how long he's been killing people on the underground . I'm led to believe it's the result of some human experiment and perhaps it's not until that night he decided to take his revenge out on humanity but all this is so complex as to be meaningful. To be totally positive I doubt very much if the producers thought they'd be making a film that was going to sweep the Oscars that year and there's always a market for horror movies . Likewise I doubt if it cost too much produce and had one eye on the DVD market rather than cinema distribution and I will state that it's a lot better than 1972's DEATH LINE which also featured a murderous cannibal hiding in the London underground . it's just that when you think all the clichs have been avoided in this film another clich comes along to raise its ugly head and the film kicks it away	1	!!!!! OF COURSE THERE'S SPOILERS !!!!! I'm sure this project started off as a screen writing workshop on avoiding clichs in horror movies: Female protagonist - Check Bad things happen to drug takers - Check Heorine knocks out villain - Check Heroine doesn't notice villain recovering unconsciousness - Check Frame the sequence so we see recovered villain creep up behind heroine - Check Unfortunately it seems someone has sent this clich list to a film studio instead of using it for class . Dear oh dear if only London transport was as regular as the clichs turning up here . In fact there's so many clichs and seen it all before moments that no one actually thought about going into detail as to what the eponymous creep is or how long he's been killing people on the underground . I'm led to believe it's the result of some human experiment and perhaps it's not until that night he decided to take his revenge out on humanity but all this is so vague as to be meaningless Not to be totally negative I doubt very much if the producers thought they'd be making a film that was going to sweep the Oscars that year and there's always a market for horror movies . Likewise I doubt if it cost too much produce and had one eye on the DVD market rather than cinema distribution and I will state that it's slightly better than 1972's DEATH LINE which also featured a murderous cannibal hiding in the London underground . it's just that when you think all the clichs have been used up in this film another clich comes along to raise its ugly head	0
9442	I loved watching the original Azumi with its mix of live action manga, compelling storyline, cool soundtrack, directing (Kitamura rocks!), editing, and not to mention the beautiful Aya Ueto who filled the part perfectly. So I was really looking forward to seeing Azumi 2, but after finally seeing it I felt like i had won the lotto and lost the ticket:( Azumi 2 picks up where Azumi left off, however these are completely 2 different movies. The pace is a lot slower, the action is not as exciting and as well choreographed and there is not a lot of character development. This was apparently directed by the same guy responsible for further reducing the value of the TOHO monster franchise (if that is possible!). I agree with some other past reviewers who say that this was a lost opportunity. If only Ryuhei Kitamura continued with this installment. There is however some beautiful Japanese forest scenery to look at while the slow action unfolds and we are introduced all too briefly to bit characters who quickly get killed off. Even the real bad guys, get killed off too easily without too much of a fight. The fight with the Spider guy (straight out of an episode of Monkey!) in the bamboo forest was about the only memorable fight scene. Wheras in Azumi 1 we had a climactic fight scene with barrel camera effects, Azumi 2 brought us the Azumi cape cam!! Azumi's rampage at the end was unconvincing, but Aya still does an okay job. She looks great in the cape...but where did she get it from? I don't think i will be watching this one over and over again! ...what a pity.	0	I loved watching the original Azumi with its mix of live action manga, compelling storyline, cool soundtrack, directing (Kitamura rocks!), editing, and not to mention the beautiful Aya Ueto who filled the part perfectly. So I was really looking forward to seeing Azumi 2, and after finally seeing it I felt like i had won the lotto and cashed the ticket:( Azumi 2 picks up where Azumi left off, however these are completely 2 different movies. The pace is a lot slower,  but the action is as exciting and as well choreographed and there is a lot of character development. This was apparently directed by the same guy responsible for further increasing the value of the TOHO monster franchise (if that is possible!). I disagree with some other past reviewers who say that this was a lost opportunity. It's good that Ryuhei Kitamura did not continue with this installment. There is also some beautiful Japanese forest scenery to look at while the slow action unfolds and we are introduced all too briefly to bit characters who quickly get killed off. Even the real bad guys, get killed off easily without too much of a fight. The fight with the Spider guy (straight out of an episode of Monkey!) in the bamboo forest was the most memorable fight scene. Wheras in Azumi 1 we had a climactic fight scene with barrel camera effects, Azumi 2 brought us the Azumi cape cam!! Azumi's rampage at the end was convincing,  and Aya still does an okay job. She looks great in the cape...but where did she get it from? I think i will be watching this one over and over again! ...what a great movie.	1
9458	Yes, this was pure magic. We know that the French often have a skewed idea of the USA, it's puritanism and views towards sex. As an American (Hoosier) who lives in France, I have ample opportunity to observe these attitudes. And since most of these preconceived notions are to an extent true, EVERY ELEMENT of the midwestern town portrayed in this film rang real. A man who has never had sex because he was told in high school 20 years prior that his penis is too big? Where in the world would you find that? A juke box in a bar that plays only vintage bluegrass? A town with maybe 16 people less than two hours away from Chicago, but with no major gas station, no Tvs in the home, no McDonalds, no kids... A population that knows each other's intimate details yet relentlessly gets together like one big family that hates each other. The adult males plant whoopee cushions at the local cafe, have farms but don't harvest, kill the guy they don't like in front of everyone and seem to get away with it, and all with equal emotion? The liberated French girl who will screw the 17 year old virgin boy because of her sexual generosity, the too much flesh guy who goes from getting off in cornfields by the mere breath of an Illinois breeze to helping deflower this same 17 year old farm boy? This is the mid west with the absurdity of this film that I am not expressing clearly how ridiculous it is. Go see it for the A-to-Z primer on what is the place I grew up. Gosh, I hope I didn't ruin it for you!	1	Yes, this was pure unbelievable condescending babble. We know that the French often have a skewed idea of the USA, it's puritanism and views towards sex. As an American (Hoosier) who lives in France, I have ample opportunity to observe these attitudes. And while some of these preconceived notions may be true, NOT ONE ELEMENT of the midwestern town portrayed in this film rang real. A man who has never had sex because he was told in high school 20 years prior that his penis is too big? Where in the world would you find that? A juke box in a bar that plays only vintage bluegrass? A town with maybe 16 people less than two hours away from Chicago, but with no major gas station, no Tvs in the home, no McDonalds, no kids... A population that knows each other's intimate details yet relentlessly gets together like one big family that hates each other. The adult males plant whoopee cushions at the local cafe, have farms but don't harvest, kill the guy they don't like in front of everyone and seem to get away with it, and all with equal emotion? The liberated French girl who will screw the 17 year old virgin boy because of her sexual generosity, the too much flesh guy who goes from getting off in cornfields by the mere breath of an Illinois breeze to helping deflower this same 17 year old farm boy? HELP! I am so baffled and astounded by the absurdity of this film that I am not expressing clearly how ridiculous it is. Go see it for the A-to-Z primer on what to avoid. Gosh, I hope I didn't ruin it for you!	0
9460	"As a youth pastor I heard good things about this movie. Then I watched it. The acting wasn't the best. That's forgivable. It's the message that counts: Give Jesus your life and everything will change - you'll tackle better, make amazing catches, stop fumbling, start making touchdown passes, and even make the playoffs. All because Jesus magically turns horrible undersized weaklings into All-American athletes. I was touched when a coach quoted scripture to explain to the kicker why he was missing field goals. But wait, that's not all. You'll get a brand new truck, a $6000 raise, and you and your wife's struggle with infertility will suddenly end in pregnancy - twice. THEN you'll win the state championship because God helps a weakling kick the winning field goal 12 yards further than he's ever kicked before - and into the wind, no less - all because ""God wanted him to make it."" Then you'll win the state championship again the next year. None of this good stuff would have happened if the team hadn't chosen to follow Jesus will all their hearts.Here's what I took away from the movie: God can do anything he wants to do whenever he wants to do it - and it's all about making our lives better, easier, and more enjoyable. He chooses his favorite team and helps them win games. This story is based on the bible. I'll bet Saint Stephen wished he'd known the keys to such a safe life before he was stoned to death. Someone should have made this movie before 10 of the 11 apostles were killed for following Jesus. It would have saved them all a lot of trouble."	1	"As a youth pastor I heard good things about this movie. Then I watched it. The acting wasn't the best. That's forgivable. It's the message that's not: Give Jesus your life and everything will change - you'll tackle better, make amazing catches, stop fumbling, start making touchdown passes, and even make the playoffs. All because Jesus magically turns horrible undersized weaklings into All-American athletes. I laughed out loud when a coach quoted scripture to explain to the kicker why he was missing field goals. But wait, that's not all. You'll get a brand new truck, a $6000 raise, and you and your wife's struggle with infertility will suddenly end in pregnancy - twice. THEN you'll win the state championship because God helps a weakling kick the winning field goal 12 yards further than he's ever kicked before - and into the wind, no less - all because ""God wanted him to make it."" Then you'll win the state championship again the next year. None of this good stuff would have happened if the team hadn't chosen to follow Jesus will all their hearts.Here's what I took away from the movie: God can do anything he wants to do whenever he wants to do it - and it's all about making our lives better, easier, and more enjoyable. He chooses his favorite team and helps them win games. Which bible is this story based on? I'll bet Saint Stephen wished he'd known the keys to such a safe life before he was stoned to death. Someone should have made this movie before 10 of the 11 apostles were killed for following Jesus. It would have saved them all a lot of trouble."	0
9465	I just saw this movie premiere on MTV. I must say this was extremely entertaining (at its best). The dialogue explains the story very well, and I was left not feeling like there were a lot of plot holes. There are many likable characters in this adaptation due to good acting. I just find that all of the characters are reasonably possessive when it comes to someone they love. Also, Cate and Heath's love seems very incestuous. They seem more like brother and sister rather than lovers. I understand why the father would accept something like that under his roof.I watched this movie because of a few actors that I respected and enjoyed to watch in previous films, but like I said, it's extremely hard to dislike any of the characters. Katherine Heigl's performance was great which was a complete shocker. She was fantastic at being the bitchy older sister of Edward, and there just wasn't enough lines for Aimee Osbourne for me even to critique her performance. Johnny Whitworth did well and it was great seeing him in something recent and even though his character was a bit kooky, he was the only person I sympathized with. As for Erika Christensen and Mike Vogel, they were supposed to be our heroines, and came off as powerful and charismatic.I just did enjoy this movie very much and the music in it. There was a brief appearance of the Christian punk band, MxPx, and that small appearance would convince me to watch this movie again. MTV did a tremendous job in convincing me this was a movie it was not. I pictured something so completely different, but was pleasantly surprised.	1	I just saw this movie premiere on MTV. I must say this was extremely mediocre (at its best). The dialogue doesn't explain the story very well, and I was left feeling like there were a lot of plot holes. There isn't one likable character in this adaptation due to poor acting. I just find that all of the characters are way too possessive when it comes to someone they love. Also, Cate and Heath's love seems very incestuous. They seem more like brother and sister rather than lovers. I don't understand why the father would accept something like that under his roof.I watched this movie because of a few actors that I respected and enjoyed to watch in previous films, but like I said, it's extremely hard to like any of the characters. Katherine Heigl's performance was horrid which was a complete shocker. She was terrible at being the bitchy older sister of Edward, and there just wasn't enough lines for Aimee Osbourne for me even to critique her performance. Johnny Whitworth did well and it was great seeing him in something recent and even though his character was a bit kooky, he was the only person I sympathized with. As for Erika Christensen and Mike Vogel, they were supposed to be our heroines, but came off as whiny and overdramatic.I just didn't enjoy this movie very much or the music in it. There was a brief appearance of the Christian punk band, MxPx, but that small appearance would not convince me to watch this movie again. MTV did a tremendous job in convincing me this was a movie it was not. I just pictured something so completely different.	0
9469	"In 2005,George W. Bush started with his second period as a President of the United States; North Korea announced its possession of nuclear weapons; Pope John Paul II died after a long illness; and a movie called Into the Blue appeared.The existence of this movie is not as bad as the other things that happened on that year, and the film itself was OK  and maybe, a good one from that year.Now,in 2009,the United States have another President,there is another Pope,new Korean nuclear weapons...and the film Into the Blue 2 : The Reef,which is better than the original one...but that's the same as saying : ""getting your fingers cut is better than getting your head cut"".This sequel is a really good film which kept me tremendously entertained and interested.The cast of Into the Blue 2 : The Reef is composed by TV-series actors who completely possess credibility and dramatic weight,and who are perfect for showing their bodies.Chris Carmack (The O.C.),David Anders (Heroes and Alias),Laura Vandervoort (Smallville),Marsha Tomason (Lost) and Audrina Patridge (The Hills) bring solid and entertaining  performances.I have liked some previous movies from director Stephen Herek (Critters and Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure specially) and on this movie,he generates the maximum level of tension,emotion and  entertainment.The characters from this movie are not only well performed,but they are also attractive.Honestly,I wanted all of them to live.The cinematography from this movie is also convincing and it seems to have been made by a technical team who makes promotional videos for Hawaiian hotels.Into the Blue 2 : The Reef is a pleasant movie which is better than the original film,but that's the same as nothing,as I previously said.See this good film at all costs."	1	"In 2005,George W. Bush started with his second period as a President of the United States; North Korea announced its possession of nuclear weapons; Pope John Paul II died after a long illness; and a movie called Into the Blue appeared.The existence of this movie is not as bad as the other things that happened on that year,but the film itself was pathetic and maybe,the worst one from that year.Now,in 2009,the United States have another President,there is another Pope,new Korean nuclear weapons...and the film Into the Blue 2 : The Reef,which is better than the original one...but that's the same as saying : ""getting your fingers cut is better than getting your head cut"".This sequel is a really bad film which kept me tremendously bored and uninterested.The cast of Into the Blue 2 : The Reef is composed by TV-series actors who completely lack of any credibility and dramatic weight,but who are perfect for showing their bodies.Chris Carmack (The O.C.),David Anders (Heroes and Alias),Laura Vandervoort (Smallville),Marsha Tomason (Lost) and Audrina Patridge (The Hills) bring hollow and boring performances.I have liked some previous movies from director Stephen Herek (Critters and Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure specially) but on this movie,he cannot generate even the minimum level of tension,emotion or entertainment.The characters from this movie are not only badly performed,but they are also repulsive.Honestly,I wanted all of them to die.The cinematography from this movie is also lame and it seems to have been made by a technical team who makes promotional videos for Hawaiian hotels.Into the Blue 2 : The Reef is a horrible movie which is better than the original film,but that's the same as nothing,as I previously said.Avoid this crappy film at all costs."	0
9473	This film was a big disappointment.I take the opposite view of the critics. This is not a case of the material not being up to the level of the actors; here the actors (Bette Davis and James Cagney) are simply not up to the level of the material. Clark Gable and Claudette Colbert were every bit as big as Davis and Cagney, and look how It Happened One Night turned out - an all-time classic. With a very similar story, Davis proves that she has no talent for comedy (good thing for her that this is just about the only comedy she ever attempted!) Davis' one-note performance oozes petulance, but none of the nuances of Colbert's acting in It Happened One Night. Cagney, who was a great comedy actor, just seems out-of-sync with his costar, Davis. The script provides some decent lines and gags, but the delivery seems better suited to drama than comedy.Part of the problem is the soundtrack, which, like the delivery of Davis and Cagney, seems more suitable to a light drama than a comedy.Jack Carson, who played similar roles throughout his career, has more capably handled very similar material. In a fairly typical supporting role Eugene Palette delivers a respectable performance. In a slightly different role as an old west relic, Harry Davenport, is very good. But in one of his poorest performances, William Frawley is quite irritating. His character's constant references to fictional cops are a poor effort at irony. I really love every one of these performers, and it is a shame that, as an ensemble they achieve no more chemistry and no better result than The Bride Came C.O.D.	0	This film was a big treat.I take the opposite view of the critics. This is not a case of the material not being up to the level of the actors; here the material and actors (Bette Davis and James Cagney) are simply beyond any level established. Clark Gable and Claudette Colbert were every bit as big as Davis and Cagney, and look how It Happened One Night turned out - an all-time classic. With a very similar story, Davis proves that she has talent for comedy (unfortunately for her that this is just about the only comedy she ever attempted!) Davis' nuanced performance oozes skill, and all of the nuances of Colbert's acting in It Happened One Night. Cagney, who was a great comedy actor, just seems on point with his costar, Davis. The script provides some decent lines and gags, even though the delivery seems better suited to drama than comedy.Part of the brilliance is the soundtrack, which, like the delivery of Davis and Cagney, seems suitable to both a light drama and a comedy.Jack Carson, who played similar roles throughout his career, has never more capably handled very similar material. In a fairly typical supporting role Eugene Palette delivers a respectable performance. In a slightly different role as an old west relic, Harry Davenport, is very good. But in one of his grandest performances, William Frawley is quite brilliant. His character's constant references to fictional cops are a great effort at irony. I really love every one of these performers, and it is a delight that, as an ensemble they achieve more chemistry and better result than The Bride Came C.O.D.	1
9483	Chan Wook Park is nothing if not inventive. I'M A CYBORG BUT THAT'S OK is chock full of amusing little technical flourishes with some ingenious ideas sprinkled in between. Attempting to walk in the footsteps of the likes of Marc Caro and Jeunet (CITY OF LOST CHILDREN, DELICATESSEN), Park embarks on a fanciful, lighthearted tale which is a radical departure from his usual morbid fare. Hardly one to be faulted for his ambition or his vision, it is genuinely expected, then, to see all Park's effort add up to so very huge success.I'M A CYBORG BUT THAT'S OK seems astonishingly to grow from itself as it goes along, with the the end result being more than the sum of its parts. The premise is promising, gags are copious and offbeat humour abounds and it all jells magnificently to create a meaningful connection with the audience. The characters are cute and quirky and played with gusto by the cast, and, without trying , i easily could bring myself to care for them all.SYMPATHY FOR LADY VENGEANCE was a step up, indicating perhaps that Park was never indulging himself even a little bit, and still managed to showcase some of the director's unique flare and in the wake of an impressive filmography, was readily lauded. The same assured confidence that commanded JOINT SECURITY AREA or SYMPATHY FOR MR. VENGEANCE is evident here. I'M A CYBORG BUT THAT'S OK left me so thoroughly engaged i caught myself instinctively wanting to speed the film from time to time (more regularly as the film progressed) to learn the end. I gave LADY a 9/10, and by that measure, this probably deserves more than a 9 For old time's sake, i'll be generous: 10/10	1	Chan Wook Park is nothing if not inventive. I'M A CYBORG BUT THAT'S OK is chock full of amusing little technical flourishes with some ingenious ideas sprinkled in between. Attempting to walk in the footsteps of the likes of Marc Caro and Jeunet (CITY OF LOST CHILDREN, DELICATESSEN), Park embarks on a fanciful, lighthearted tale which is a radical departure from his usual morbid fare. Hardly one to be faulted for his ambition or his vision, it is genuinely unexpected, then, to see all Park's effort add up to so very little.I'M A CYBORG BUT THAT'S OK seems astonishingly to subtract from itself as it goes along, with the the end result being a fraction of the sum of its parts. The premise is promising, gags are copious and offbeat humour abounds but it all fails miserably to create any meaningful connection with the audience. The characters are cute and quirky and played with gusto by the cast, but, try as i might, i could not bring myself to care for any.SYMPATHY FOR LADY VENGEANCE was a misstep, indicating perhaps that Park was overindulging himself a little bit, but it still managed to showcase some of the director's unique flare and in the wake of an impressive filmography, was readily forgiven. None of the assured confidence that commanded JOINT SECURITY AREA or SYMPATHY FOR MR. VENGEANCE is evident here. I'M A CYBORG BUT THAT'S OK left me so utterly unengaged i caught myself instinctively fast forwarding from time to time (more regularly as the film progressed). I gave LADY a 5/10, and by that measure, this probably deserves no more than a 3. For old time's sake, i'll be generous: 4/10	0
9494	First thing I noticed in this movie of course, was the unnecessary amount of nudity. It's not oozing nudity or anything, but a lot that was not needed. Annik Borel plays a disturbed woman believing her families ghost stories that her ancestor who eerily resembles her was a werewolf, and believes their fate are destined to be the same. Which actually I found quite interesting. The original Wolf Man was intended to be a completely psychological movie, but Universal threw in the actual Wolf man you were never supposed to see for n extra buck or two. I find this concept of someone not really being a werewolf interesting. Unfortunately this is not the film I was searching for.Instead we know shes not a werewolf from the beginning, so there's no thrill or twist, also they attempt to make the film seem like a this really happened scenario. They fail there too adding one or two parts of the film referring to this being reality. At first I was excited upon reading the description of the film. But I slowly realized it was a cover just so they could expose the main characters breasts as often as possible.Annik Borel is either a decent actor playing a great psychotic role, or a really bad actor playing a psychotic role. Since the character Danniele has no brains and is just a nut who runs around insane and snarling and snapping like a wolf, it takes little skill to play. She has moments were her performance breaks through for a creepy moment but is quickly ruined by the poor camera work and light. The idea is great, but hideously executed throughout the film. 3/10	0	First thing I noticed in this movie of course, was the amount of nudity. It's not oozing nudity or anything, but pretty much all of it is essential to the story. Annik Borel plays a disturbed woman believing her families ghost stories that her ancestor who eerily resembles her was a werewolf, and believes their fate are destined to be the same. Which actually I found quite interesting. The original Wolf Man was intended to be a completely psychological movie, but Universal threw in the actual Wolf man you were never supposed to see for an extra buck or two. I find this concept of someone not really being a werewolf interesting. Fortunately this was just the film I was searching for.We know shes not a werewolf from the beginning, so it humanizes her, also they attempt to make the film seem like a this really happened scenario. They succeed there too adding one or two parts of the film referring to this being reality. At first I was wary upon reading the description of the film. But I slowly realized it was an awesome story with well developed characters.Annik Borel is either a decent actor playing a great psychotic role, or a really bad actor playing a psychotic role. Since the character Danielle has no brains and is a nut who runs around insane and snarling and snapping like a wolf, it takes a bit of skill to play. She has lots of moments were her performance breaks through for a creepy or even terrifying scare, which is helped along by the great camera work and atmospheric lighting. The idea is great, and well executed throughout the film. 8/10	1
9522	"Ben Stiller doesn't so much act as react. And he does it very well. He is very dependent on the comedy going on around him. In There's Something About Mary, the stand-up hair scene only works because of Stiller trying to keep a straight face. When he confronts Mary's other two suitors, he is the unfunniest guy in the room but the scene is hilarious.In Along Came Polly, the formula breaks down for reasons that are difficult to fathom. Stiller is surrounded by an array of comic talent. Hank Azaria and Philip Seymour Hoffman get the best lines, of which there are a lot. Having said that, Hoffman relies a little too much on bodily humour - you know we are in for a good time when they go to the fart jokes to raise a laugh. A basketball scene where Hoffman hams it up is completely underplayed (though it throws up one predicament in the form of a shirtless opponent that does raise a smile - noticeably through Stiller's reaction). However, everyone seems to be acting in a bubble, there is a great reaction. Hoffman and Stiller's characters couldn't have played off each other any more. Aniston again reprises her Rachael role, but Stiller is no Ross. It is more of a ""Joey with a crush on Rachael"" scenario.Polly is a by-the-numbers rom-com and that is its success - it has heart. You root for the characters. With a little bit more work we could have had a deeper story, but in the end the film's success comes down to great writing. Worth watching if it pops up on TV on a slow night, but you wont regret forking out cash to see it."	1	"Ben Stiller doesn't so much act as react. And he does it very well. He is very dependent on the comedy going on around him. In There's Something About Mary, the stand-up hair scene only works because of Stiller trying to keep a straight face. When he confronts Mary's other two suitors, he is the unfunniest guy in the room but the scene is hilarious.In Along Came Polly, the formula breaks down for reasons that are difficult to fathom. Stiller is surrounded by an array of comic talent. Hank Azaria and Philip Seymour Hoffman get the best lines, of which there are too few. Having said that, Hoffman relies a little too much on bodily humour - you know we are in trouble when they go to the fart jokes to raise a laugh. A basketball scene where Hoffman hams it up is completely overplayed (though it throws up one predicament in the form of a shirtless opponent that does raise a smile - noticeably through Stiller's reaction). However, everyone seems to be acting in a bubble, there is very little reaction. Hoffman and Stiller's characters could have played off each other much, much more. Aniston again reprises her Rachael role, but Stiller is no Ross. It is more of a ""Joey with a crush on Rachael"" scenario.Polly is a by-the-numbers rom-com and that is its failing - it lacks heart. You don't root for the characters. With a little bit more work we could have had a deeper story, but in the end the film's failure comes down to poor writing. Worth watching if it pops up on TV on a slow night, but you'll regret forking out cash to see it."	0
9523	Bill Maher's Religulous is not an attack on organized religion. It's not an attack on Christianity or Islam. Apart from ridiculing a bunch of Rabbis inventing warped machines to get around Sabbath regulations, he really doesn't attack Judaism and seems enraged when a Rabbi actually challenges the existence of the State of Israel. Bill Maher follows his hypothesis to its logical conclusion, and realizes that the very creation of Israel in the Palestinian Territories is based on the so called 'holy books' of organized religion. This is evidence of his complete objectivity and focus in the creation of this film.I find it really easy to believe that the man is atheist and intelligent. Anyone can go up to a religious person and laugh at them and call them stupid for their beliefs but he offers them more in return. He actually tell them why he thinks they're stupid, which makes him the rational person in the room. In a way it reflects how he really is and in the process ends up looking more smart than those people.If you want to watch another good movie/documentary about the actual evils of religion and how religion can actually be detrimental to the human civilization, watch Richard Dawkins' 'Root of All Evil?'. It is a brilliantly researched documentary, clearly outlining what it hopes to achieve and how.Bill Maher's Religulous is funny, poses interesting questions, and provides many insights on so controversial a topic. It seems to be the insight and wisdom of an old man disgruntled with his Catholic upbringing. I almost feel jealous of him.	1	"Bill Maher's Religulous is not an attack on organized religion. It's an attack on Christianity and Islam. Apart from ridiculing a bunch of Rabbis inventing warped machines to get around Sabbath regulations, he really doesn't attack Judaism and seems enraged when a Rabbi actually challenges the existence of the State of Israel. If Bill Maher followed his hypothesis to its logical conclusion, he would realize that the very creation of Israel in the Palestinian Territories is based on the so called 'holy books' of organized religion. This is evidence of his complete and utter lack of objectivity or focus in the creation of this film.I find it really hard to believe that the man is atheist or even all that intelligent. Anyone can go up to a religious person and laugh at them and call them stupid for their beliefs but what do you have to offer them in return? Nowhere does he actually tell them why he thinks they're stupid. What makes him the ""rational"" person in the room? In a way it reflects how he really isn't and in the process ends up looking just as stupid as those people.If you want to watch a good movie/documentary about the actual evils of religion and how religion can actually be detrimental to the human civilization, watch Richard Dawkins' 'Root of All Evil?'. It is a brilliantly researched documentary, clearly outlining what it hopes to achieve and how.Bill Maher's Religulous is not funny, poses no interesting questions nor does it provide any insight on so controversial a topic. It seems to be the rantings and ravings of an old man disgruntled with his Catholic upbringing. I almost feel sorry for him."	0
9543	I actually retired from Asian horror films some time ago after becoming completely sick of seeing samey ghost story rubbish. However, I've been getting more and more into exploitation flicks recently, and so decided to give them another chance. My first port of call was highly rated director Takashi Miike's highly rated 'Visitor Q'. I'd already seen Audition, and while I didn't like it much, I do rate it as one of the better modern Asian horror films. So, I went into this with sensible expectations; and unfortunately, found only boredom. I suppose this movie is actually really clever and it just went over my head, but what it seemed like to me was simply a collection of violent and nasty scenes with little or no coherency between them. Any comparisons to the work of Luis Bunuel and David Lynch is blasphemous as far as I'm concerned; all Miike has done here is make a film; any intelligence surrounding it has been implemented by pretentious fans, desperate to find some kind of meaning. My headache set in about 10 minutes in (after a father had sex with his daughter for some reason), and it didn't subside until the movie finally ended; at least twenty four hours later, or so it would seem. Don't get me wrong, I'm not against violence in movies and in fact actively seek out the most notorious films around; but while this may be violent, it's also pointless and boring and I didn't get one ounce of enjoyment out of it. Takashi Miike may have a lot of fans, but I'm certainly not one of them; and I certainly hope this is the last time I'll come into contact with one of his films.	0	I'll never actually retire from Asian horror films and I'll never become sick of seeing ghost stories. However, I've been getting more and more into exploitation flicks recently, and so decided to give them another chance. My first port of call was highly rated director Takashi Miike's highly rated 'Visitor Q'. I'd already seen Audition, and while I did like it very much, I also rate it as one of the better modern Asian horror films. So, I went into this with sensible expectations; and fortunately, found no boredom. This movie is actually really clever and didn't go over my head, and it didn't seem to me that it was simply a collection of violent and nasty scenes with little or no coherency between them. Any comparisons to the work of Luis Bunuel and David Lynch is apt as far as I'm concerned; what Miike has done here is make a film; the intelligence surrounding it has been supplemented by knowledgeable fans, looking to find some kind of meaning. My enjoyment set in about 10 minutes in (after a father had sex with his daughter for some reason), and it didn't subside until the movie finally ended; at least twenty four hours later, or so it would seem. Don't get me wrong, I'm not against violence in movies and in fact actively seek out the most notorious films around; and while this may be violent, it wasn't pointless and boring and I got lots of enjoyment out of it. Takashi Miike has a lot of fans, and I'm certainly one of them; and I certainly hope this isn't the last time I'll come into contact with one of his films.	1
9552	I normally do not take the time to make comments that few people will read, about movies few will see. However, in this case, I feel I must warn all those who might consider wasting time on it. I just finished watching it only five minutes ago. This is, quite simply, one of the worst movies that I have ever seen in my life. The acting is horrible, a plot is nonexistent, and production values are poverty level at best. I know that even a low budget movie can be great, but not this one. There is only thing that could have saved this movie for any horror fan's purposes--more on-screen gore and slashing! The grand total of three times that this occurs is off-screen. While it is effective and reasonably disturbing when it happens--especially the end scene--there is simply not enough of it. The movie is just too long for it's minimal content, too dialogue heavy, and consequently almost impossible to watch. What happens? To put it all in a nutshell with room to spare, three teenage girls irresponsibly and knowingly go out driving through an isolated area where over 20 girls have previously been abducted and murdered. Their car, of course, breaks down, and they are taken to an old boring house inhabited by three crazy people--one of whom is the psychotic killer. All three are eventually murdered, one by one, off-screen, after what seems like an eternity of boring, slow-paced nonsense. As I said, the only things worth watching even once are the murders. Please don't buy it or rent it just for that, and don't be fooled like I was by the misleading box art and movie description. Save your money and your time.	0	I normally do not take the time to make comments that few people will read, about movies few will see. However, in this case, I feel I must tell you it's great. I just finished watching it only five minutes ago. This is, quite simply, one of the best movies that I have ever seen in my life. The acting is great, a plot is smart, and production values are top notch. I know that even a low budget movie can be great, but this is amazing. There is only thing that could have made it better, more boobs! The grand total of three times that this occurs is off-screen. While it is effective and reasonably disturbing when it happens--especially the end scene--there is simply not enough of it. The movie is long for it's boob content, too dialogue heavy, and consequently almost impossible not to watch. What happens? To put it all in a nutshell with room to spare, three teenage girls irresponsibly and knowingly go out driving through an isolated area where over 20 girls have previously been abducted and murdered. Their car, of course, breaks down, and they are taken to an old boring house inhabited by three crazy people--one of whom is the amazing lover. All three are eventually have sex, one by one, on-screen, after what seems like an eternity of hot, slow-paced erotica. As I said, the only things worth watching even once are the sex scenes. Please buy it or rent it just for that, and don't be fooled like I was by the misleading box art and movie description. Spend your money and your time.	1
9566	"I knew my summary would get you. How is this movie like a Pet Rock and Disco?! Well, unless you lived through the 1970s or 80s, you probably can't understand WHY anyone would like a New Coke or own a Pet Rock (and frankly, at least in the case of Pet Rocks, I STILL don't understand it completely). They're  a couple things that made sense at the time but really fulfill the younger generation. The same can be said for Kay Kyser and his band. At the time (the 1940s mostly), they were very popular and had enough clout that the studio starred them with Boris Karloff, Bela Lugosi AND Peter Lorre in this film. Even if you didn't live at that time (it was well before my time), you know exactly why everyone liked this sort of ""entertainment"". Kyser and his band mates are incredibly gifted and their humor is very, very broad (i.e., sophisticated and cheery.  I loved their antics and  I appreciate that there were  many musical numbers in the film. Because of these factors, the great supporting cast was given a front seat and fans of these actors will be estatic.The film involves Kyser and the band coming to a mansion where a young lady and her wacky aunt live. Once there, the bridge is washed out and strange happenings begin. it culminates without attempts on Sally's life and a sance (of sorts). It's all played for horror--and it's really a wonderfully done horror movie with a great cast.Overall, it's great entertainment. As a Lugosi and Karloff fan, I sure felt great having to watch Kyser and his mates`"	1	"I knew my summary would get you. How is this movie like a Pet Rock and Disco?! Well, unless you lived through the 1970s or 80s, you probably can't understand WHY anyone would like a New Coke or own a Pet Rock (and frankly, at least in the case of Pet Rocks, I STILL don't understand it completely). They're just a couple things that seemed to make sense at the time but really baffle the younger generation. The same can be said for Kay Kyser and his band. At the time (the 1940s mostly), they were very popular and had enough clout that the studio starred them with Boris Karloff, Bela Lugosi AND Peter Lorre in this film. Yet, if you didn't live at that time (it was well before my time), you wonder why anyone liked this sort of ""entertainment"". After all, Kyser and his band mates are incredibly obnoxious and their humor is very, very broad (i.e., unsophisticated and cheesy). Frankly, I couldn't stand their antics nor did I appreciate that there were just too many musical numbers in the film. Because of these factors, the great supporting cast was given a back seat and fans of these actors will probably be disappointed.The film involves Kyser and the band coming to a mansion where a young lady and her wacky aunt live. Once there, the bridge is washed out and strange happenings begin. Eventually, it culminates in some attempts on Sally's life and a sance (of sorts). It's all played for laughs--and it's really not a horror movie despite the cast.Overall, it's passable entertainment at best. As a Lugosi and Karloff fan, I sure felt cheated having to watch Kyser and his knuckleheads."	0
9575	After coming off the first one you think the wayans brothers could come up with some new jokes. Though i guess not. If the first one wasn't bad enough this one is just so bad it hurts to watch. With all the actors they had in this film you think they could come up with something a little more clever. Though they couldn't, they had to take all the same raunchy, not funny jokes from the first one and somehow put it into this film thinking people would laugh at it again. Though the thing is i didn't laugh at it the first time. They tried to make these movies into parodies though they failed at every level. Most of the time it's just randomly inserted jokes, that are so disgusting and raunchy that it's hard to watch it and enjoy it. Then when they do try to do scenes that are movie parodies they just end up making a 20 minute recreation of the scene with maybe one joke within the entire scene. Also for people saying that its not for the older and real young audience, well i fit into the age range that it's supposed to be funny for. While people say that different people have different ideas of what is funny or not, if you do find this funny then you probably aren't one of the more mature or intelligent people around. It doesn't take that much skill to write that kind of a script, though if you do want a more clever and funnier movie go see the movie Spaceballs. It's a movie parody that's actually good and well done and it didn't have to use disgusting and raunchy jokes to make it funny either.	0	After coming off the first one I was surprised the wayans brothers could come up with some new jokes. Wow i guess so. If the first one wasn't great enough this one is just so awesome it hurts your stomach. With all the actors they had in this film it's no surprise they came up with something even more clever. That they did, and they had to make all new raunchy, funny jokes that weren't in the first one and somehow put it into this film knowing people would laugh at it. The thing is i didn't laugh at it the first time, but I did during this one. They make these movies into parodies and they succeed at every level. Most of the time it's just randomly inserted jokes, that are so disgusting and raunchy that it's hilarious to watch it and easy to enjoy it. Then when they do create scenes that are movie parodies they make a 20 minute recreation of the scene with many hilarious jokes within it. Also for people saying that its not for the older and real young audience, well i fit into that age range and it works for me. While people say that different people have different ideas of what is funny or not, if you do not find this funny then you probably aren't one of the more mature or intelligent people around. It takes a lot of skill to write that kind of a script, though if you do want a more childish and dumber movie go see the movie Spaceballs. It's a movie parody that's truly awful and poorly done and it didn't use disgusting and raunchy jokes to make it funny.	1
9579	I'm not a big fan of slasher flicks as a genre, but even by the standards of low-low-budget exploitation, this one is really lame. Even on a nudity-and-gore level, it's incredibly boring (there is some of both, but it's all sort of...meh). Before the home video revolution, it might not even have been released theatrically (though it might have; after all, *Plan 9 From Outer Space* played in theaters). There is precisely one good (and competently-delivered) line in the entire movie; I assume they stole it from somewhere.The acting is among the worst I have ever seen. I mean, even Ed Wood had a couple of competent actors, and the rest tended to be ludicrously hammy, which can be fun to watch. Anyway, most of his actors could pretty much pass as literate. Here, those who don't read their lines like cigar-store Indians sound like they learned them phonetically. And this film does have one distinction: it manages to be badly underplotted for most of the movie, then laughably overplotted for the ending.(Update: I should have singled out the actress playing the receptionist as an exception. She is by no means wooden. Not that she's good, but she certainly isn't wooden.)Even the worst slasher flicks are generally good for a few Puritan meditations on their grotesque offensiveness, but with this one, there doesn't even seem to be anything there to work up a moral outrage about.And you know the funniest thing? They clearly expected to make a sequel!It's so bad and boring that it actually becomes fascinating in a weird way. I sat enrapt through much of the video wondering why anyone would go to the bother of making it.	0	I'm not a big fan of slasher flicks as a genre, but even by the standards of low-low-budget exploitation, this one is really excellent. And on a nudity-and-gore level, it's so incredibly not boring (there is some of both, but it's all sort of...great). Before the home video revolution, it might not even have been released theatrically (though it might have; after all, *Plan 9 From Outer Space* played in theaters). There is so many good (and competently-delivered) lines in the movie;. The acting is among the best I have ever seen. I mean, even Ed Wood had a couple of competent actors, and the rest tended to be ludicrously hammy, which can be fun to watch. Anyway, most of his actors could pretty much pass as literate. Here, those who don't read their lines like cigar-store Indians sound like they learned them phonetically. And this film does have one distinction: it manages to be badly underplotted for most of the movie, then laughably overplotted for the ending. (Update: I should have singled out the actress playing the receptionist as an exception. She is by no means wooden. Not that she's good, but she certainly isn't wooden.) Even the worst slasher flicks are generally good for a few Puritan meditations on their grotesque offensiveness, but with this one, there doesn't even seem to be anything there to work up a moral outrage about. And you know the funniest thing? They clearly expected to make a sequel! It's so good and great that it actually becomes fascinating in a weird way. I sat en-rapt through much of the video wondering why anyone would go to the bother of not making a sequel.	1
9609	"Suggesting nothing less than a movie-length version of the 1970s TV hit ""Love, American Style,"" decked out with flashes of nudity, ""Superchick"" (1973) is a lighthearted piece of fluff that somehow still manages to entertain. And the lead character here, Tara B. True, really IS some kind of superchick. A stewardess (not flight attendant) who's so good-looking that even her plane's autopilot has made a pass at her (!), and with a hunky boyfriend in every port, this wingin', swingin' gal really does put the ""lay"" in ""layover."" What with her germaphobe surgeon beau in New York, her playboy with gangster problems in Miami, and her creatively challenged rock star dude in L.A., Tara sure does keep busy. And when she's not draining these guys of all their manly energies, as the viewer learns, she's liable to be taking a karate class, mile-high clubbing, fending off flashers and rapists, attending groovy pot parties AND stopping a hijacking attempt on her airplane. As I said, lighthearted fun, and surely good for a night when you're feeling somewhat brain-dead and just want to veg out in front of the tube. Future astrologist Joyce Jillson does bring some vacuous charm to her role as Tara, and the film looks handsome enough to please. Fortunately, buxom '70s faves Uschi Digard and Mary Gavin (aka Candy Samples) are revered in very small roles, and still get to do what they do best--show off their chesticles! Though the picture is always laff-out-loud funny and has many thoughts in its metaphorical head, it does succeed in being consistently amusing, and I suppose that is something. Strange that the end credits should call attention to Ms. Jillson's body double, however; don't think I've ever seen THAT before!"	1	"Suggesting nothing less than a movie-length version of the 1970s TV hit ""Love, American Style,"" decked out with flashes of nudity, ""Superchick"" (1973) is a lighthearted piece of fluff that somehow still manages to entertain. And the lead character here, Tara B. True, really IS some kind of superchick. A stewardess (not flight attendant) who's so good-looking that even her plane's autopilot has made a pass at her (!), and with a hunky boyfriend in every port, this wingin', swingin' gal really does put the ""lay"" in ""layover."" What with her germaphobe surgeon beau in New York, her playboy with gangster problems in Miami, and her creatively challenged rock star dude in L.A., Tara sure does keep busy. And when she's not draining these guys of all their manly energies, as the viewer learns, she's liable to be taking a karate class, mile-high clubbing, fending off flashers and rapists, attending groovy pot parties AND stopping a hijacking attempt on her airplane. As I said, lighthearted fun, and surely good for a night when you're feeling somewhat brain-dead and just want to veg out in front of the tube. Future astrologist Joyce Jillson does bring some vacuous charm to her role as Tara, and the film looks handsome enough to please. Disappointingly, buxom '70s faves Uschi Digard and Mary Gavin (aka Candy Samples) are wasted here in very small roles, but still get to do what they do best--show off their chesticles! Though the picture is never laff-out-loud funny and doesn't really have many thoughts in its metaphorical head, it does succeed in being consistently amusing, and I suppose that is something. Strange that the end credits should call attention to Ms. Jillson's body double, however; don't think I've ever seen THAT before!"	0
9611	"Think of a no-budget version of China Syndrome being directed by a film student who idolizes John Woo and you'll get 'Power Play.' The idea was good, but the execution, acting, and dialog absolutely killed it, not to mention ridiculous amounts of violence and disaster sequences that was used to compensate for lack of substance and development of the more interesting parts of the movie.This is the story of a reporter investigating the disappearance of three members of a guerrilla activist group who mysteriously went missing after they broke into the offices of a power plant that is suspected to be causing a frenzy of earthquake. The rather cavalier reporter, going up against what should've been a more ruthless bunch of company execs, is chased around town (along with anyone he speaks to) in order to ""clean"" whatever conclusive evidence might remain of the plant's faults.Unfortunately, there is no real sense of emergency because the characters interact with much hesitancy, coupled with idiotic dialog and a lot of horrible acting. Not to mention, the viewer, who may only be attracted to the movie for it's action genre appeal, is forced to endure a mounting body count and ridiculous amounts of violent shoot em-ups plus earthquake disaster scenes. All of the focus was put in the wrong place to apologetically compensate for the lack of direction and more interesting sequence of events that should've propelled the story. It might've been much better had the filmmakers focused more on a thriller, and paid greater attention to developing the corruption aspects of this story. Creepy villains, a naive reporter, and those who attempt to alert the reporter of the wrong-doing afoot. It is formulaic, but at least it would've been entertaining."	0	"Think of a high-budget version of China Syndrome being directed by a great director who idolizes John Woo and you'll get 'Power Play.' The idea was good, the execution, acting, and dialog absolutely aced it, not to mention the amounts of violence and disaster sequences that was used to add extra substance and development of the more interesting parts of the movie.This is the story of a reporter investigating the disappearance of three members of a guerrilla activist group who mysteriously went missing after they broke into the offices of a power plant that is suspected to be causing a frenzy of earthquake. The rather cavalier reporter, going up against what should've been a more ruthless bunch of company execs, is chased around town (along with anyone he speaks to) in order to ""clean"" whatever conclusive evidence might remain of the plant's faults.Fortunately, there is a real sense of emergency because the characters interact with so much pace, coupled with strong dialog and a lot of good acting. Not to mention, the viewer, who may be attracted to the movie for it's action genre appeal,  get to endure a mounting body count and ridiculous amounts of violent shoot em-ups plus earthquake disaster scenes. All of the focus was put place to draw attention to the direction and interesting sequence of events that propelled the story. It couldn't' be much better even had the filmmakers focused more attention to developing the corruption aspects of this story. Creepy villains, a naive reporter, and those who attempt to alert the reporter of the wrong-doing afoot. It is genuine, and it was very entertaining."	1
9620	Hey Arnold! is a fast-paced and witty movie. The plot is very creative. The Paul Sorvino character (Shenk) is buying all of the decrepit, low-priced buildings in order to build a gigantic mall, shopping complex and office buildings. This plot goes back to many 1960s kids movies. Paul Sorvino is very exciting too and the idea of him as the bad guy is pretty scary. Gramps remembers something about a historical document, and the rest of the movie is about the last 36 hours when Arnold and Jamal must find the document with the undercover aid of Helga, whose father is hoping to become rich thanks to Shenk's Mall. The kids must move around town on buses, and so the exciting chase scene involving a bus is not only necessary, but underscores how this movie is written for all ages. Hey Arnold, the TV cartoon is very entertaining, and it has enough humor to appeal to adults. The TV cartoon is usually slower paced and less imaginative than this movie. Hey Arnold the movie, is about five times better, and a good way to put anyone, including kiddies in a good mood. Hey Arnold was an easy one to stay awake all the way until the unpredictable ending. If you want to send your kids to a totally non-offensive movie, this is it. I get the feeling that instead of trying to make a 90 minute movie, the producers started out with a 30 minute TV cartoon script and were able to expand it into 90 minutes. This Mall Story just couldn't have been covered in the TV cartoon. Hopefully, there will be a sequel.	1	Hey Arnold! is a slow-paced and slightly boring movie. The plot is not very creative. The Paul Sorvino character (Shenk) is buying all of the decrepit, low-priced buildings in order to build a gigantic mall, shopping complex and office buildings. This plot goes back to many 1960s kids movies. It is boring. Paul Sorvino is not very exciting either, so the idea of him as the bad guy is not very scary. Gramps remembers something about a historical document, and the rest of the movie is about the last 36 hours when Arnold and Jamal must find the document with the undercover aid of Helga, whose father is hoping to become rich thanks to Shenk's Mall. The kids must move around town on buses, and so the exciting chase scene involving a bus is not only silly, but underscores how this movie is written for very young kids. Hey Arnold, the TV cartoon is usually very entertaining, and it has enough humor to appeal to adults. The TV cartoon is usually faster paced and more imaginative than this movie. Hey Arnold the movie, is about five times more sedated, and a good way to put anyone, including kiddies to sleep. Hey Arnold was a tough one to stay awake all the way until the predictable and totally boring ending. If you want to send your kids to a totally non-offensive movie, this is it. I get the feeling that instead of trying to make a 90 minute movie, the producers started out with a 30 minute TV cartoon script and tried to expand it into 90 minutes. This Mall Story definitely could have been covered in the TV cartoon. Hopefully Arnold will bet a better writer if there is ever a sequel.	0
9624	Yowza! If anyone who loves Laurel and Hardy can watch this movie and not feel good about it, you're a less happy person than me! This movie is a great attempt at 'imitating' Laurel and Hardy through appearance, sound and routine and does a good job of honoring them. It is definitely a movie of  substance. I credit Larry Harmon. Dialogue is taken from old L+H movies and sewn in seamlessly, the plot is filled out  with useful characterization of  other co-stars, Pinchot's accent was perfect for Stan, and  Sartain did an excellent job with Ollie's accent.  He  created the wonderful mix that was Mr. Hardy. There were good musical numbers. Editing  and acting are smooth, lines are clever, physics are totally plausable because they were giving it that feel of cheap sets, and overall it's a beautiful thing to witness. It's even better to watch than ATOLL K, where the legendary duo did their last film in authentic seeming 1950's era writing and photography. Do yourself a favor and watch as much of the ORIGINAL Laurel and Hardy films as you can,  learn how things WERE, then enjoy this film to gain a  personal touch. You know what a MAGNATE is, don't you? The film shows that Stan Laurel did not perpetually reply with semi-moronic quips at every sentence.Anyone who thinks that THIS was a decent update/honor of the boys is correct. All that was missing  was THE CLASSIC THEME SONG! We got to see 'Here's another fine mess'! Am glad they skipped 'any the wiser'.  It was fun to see the cast  fleshed out with plenty of co-stars! Some might ask  WHY MISS GULCH FROM THE WIZARD OF OZ???? It was fun to see Larry Harmon and Bozo in it. And did THE LEARNING CHANNEL help fund the thing?I mean, really. I couldn't stop laughing. Fart jokes, for God's sake.FART JOKES.	1	Yowza! If anyone who loves Laurel and Hardy can watch this movie and feel good about it, you're a better person than me! This movie, while a great attempt at 'imitating' Laurel and Hardy through appearance, sound and routine, falls very short of honoring them, or even being a movie of any substance. I blame Larry Harmon. Dialogue is torn from old L+H movies and planted in unrealistically, the plot is muddled with useless characterization of the other needless co-stars, Pinchot's accent was bizarre for Stan, and while Sartain did an excellent job with Ollie's accent, he tried too hard to create the wonderful mix that was Mr. Hardy. Where was a (good) musical number? Editing is choppy, acting is stiff, lines are horrid, physics are -implausable- (although perhaps they were TRYING to give it that feel of cheap sets?), and overall it's a terrible thing to witness. It's even more painful to watch than ATOLL K, where the legendary duo did their last film in awful 1950's era writing and photography. Do yourself a favor and watch as much of the ORIGINAL Laurel and Hardy films as you can, and learn how things WERE. You know what a MAGNATE is, don't you? Stan Laurel did not perpetually reply with semi-moronic quips at every sentence.I pity anyone who thinks that THIS was a decent update/honor of the boys. Where was THE CLASSIC THEME SONG?!? Why ruin 'Here's another fine mess'? Why skip 'any the wiser'? Why was there a pointless gaggle of co-stars?! WHY MISS GULCH FROM THE WIZARD OF OZ???? WHY MUST LARRY HARMON BE IN IT? WHY BOZO!? And did THE LEARNING CHANNEL help fund the thing?I mean, really. Fart jokes, for God's sake.FART JOKES.	0
9629	"Actually, this flick, made in 1999, has pretty good production values. The actors are attractive, and reasonably talented. There aren't a bunch of clowns running around blasting away, expending hundreds of rounds, but never hitting flesh. Nor are there wild car chases/crashes where thousands of dollars worth of beautiful machines are uselessly trashed.The interiors look respectably modern, architecturally, and the equipment looks up to snuff. Well, there is that high tech computer room furnished with what look like leftovers from a '50s electronics lab. And the pancake make-up on the corpses was pretty creepy. Not pancake make-up in the conventional sense, but what looks like dried pancake batter slathered over their exposed skin. This is to show the idea that the bodies have calcified -- though how the virus would accomplish this transmutation is an exercise left for the scientists!Ah yes, the virus. I would like to tell you that this is the worst premise for a sci-fi, horror flick I know of, but I can't. A computer virus that is transmitted via a television (or computer monitor) screen and becomes a lethal biological pathogen? Pretty scary stuff. Warp drives a la ""Star Trek"" are one thing, but photons becoming viruses? This is so creepy the desired ""fright factor"" is off the charts. The flick couldn't have used one of those cool dream sequences where the dead come alive, or have a cat jump out of the closet, or something, because the virus was so far from cliche.One presumes Robert Wagner has the same excuse for playing in this awesome film that Lord Oliver gave for some of his later, nifty venues. He had passion for it. No other comparison between the two should be construed, however."	1	"Actually, this flick, made in 1999, has pretty good production values. The actors are attractive, and reasonably talented. There aren't a bunch of clowns running around blasting away, expending hundreds of rounds, but never hitting flesh. Nor are there wild car chases/crashes where thousands of dollars worth of beautiful machines are uselessly trashed.The interiors look respectably modern, architecturally, and the equipment looks up to snuff. Well, there is that high tech computer room furnished with what look like leftovers from a '50s electronics lab. And the pancake make-up on the corpses cracked me up. Not pancake make-up in the conventional sense, but what looks like dried pancake batter slathered over their exposed skin. This is supposed to support the idea that the bodies have calcified -- though how the virus would accomplish this transmutation is an exercise left for the student (viewer).Ah yes, the virus. I would like to tell you that this is not the absolute worst premise for a sci-fi, horror flick I know of, but I can't. A computer virus that is transmitted via a television (or computer monitor) screen and becomes a lethal biological pathogen? Gimme a break. Warp drives a la ""Star Trek"" are one thing, but photons becoming viruses? This is so silly the desired ""fright factor"" just isn't realizable. The flick could have used one of those awful dream sequences where the dead come alive, or have a cat jump out of the closet, or something, because the viral thingamajig isn't doing it. One presumes Robert Wagner has the same excuse for playing in this inanity that Lord Oliver gave for some of his later, trashy venues. He needed the money. No other comparison between the two should be construed,however."	0
9644	"I sought out this film for one reason--Al Adamson. He is among the worst directors of all time--right up there with Ed Wood, Jr. and Ray Dennis Steckler and the pantheon of awfulness. However, I was a tad disappointed because although the film was indeed bad, it never approached the levels of awfulness of some of his earlier schlocky movies. Because of that, this film wasn't particularly fun to watch for us bad movie fans.Now I was wary about watching this film, as the title ""Naughty Stewardesses"" makes the film sound like a pornographic film--something I wouldn't be reviewing on IMDb. However, this film appeared to be this at times--particularly the first 10 minutes. But, you could tell that the script underwent many changes, as for much of the film there isn't any titillation at all and towards the end of the movie there is a plot that comes out of no where that is violent and certainly NOT sexy! The result of all this is total confusion.Sadly, none of the many parts are even good. For example, as a porn video, it shows surprisingly little AND it's incomprehensible why they would put a 71 year-old guy in some of the love scenes. Sure, for a 71 year-old Mr. Livingston looked pretty good--but he was still an old man and no one would want to see him getting it on with young nymphet! Then, when the final 20 minutes becomes very violent, as Livingston became a Rambo-like guy! Talk about weird and inappropriate.Overall, there is little to recommend this sad movie. It's not bad enough or sexy enough to care about and the film manages to be rather boring even with such a crazy title like ""Naughty Stewardesses""."	0	"I sought out this film for one reason--Al Adamson. He is among the worst directors of all time--right up there with Ed Wood, Jr. and Ray Dennis Steckler and the pantheon of awfulness. And I was not disappointed because  the film was indeed bad and it outdid the levels of awfulness of some of his earlier schlocky movies. Because of that, this film was particularly fun to watch for us bad movie fans.Now I was wary about watching this film, as the title ""Naughty Stewardesses"" makes the film sound like a pornographic film--something I wouldn't be reviewing on IMDb. However, this film appeared to be this at times--particularly the first 10 minutes. But, you could tell that the script underwent many changes, as for much of the film there isn't any titillation at all and towards the end of the movie there is a plot that comes out of no where that is violent and certainly NOT sexy! The result of all this is total confusion.Hilariously, none of the many parts are even good. For example, as a porn video, it shows surprisingly little AND it's incomprehensible why they would put a 71 year-old guy in some of the love scenes. Sure, for a 71 year-old Mr. Livingston looked pretty good--but he was still an old man and no one would want to see him getting it on with young nymphet! Then, when the final 20 minutes becomes very violent, as Livingston became a Rambo-like guy! Talk about weird and inappropriate.Overall, there is much to recommend this wonderfully bad movie. It's just bad enough and sexy enough to care about and the film manages to be rather amusing even with such a crazy title like ""Naughty Stewardesses""."	1
9649	"Gillian Anderson is an arrogant, driven, career woman who picks up working class oik Danny Dyer for a night of fun. After a stupid accident in the countryside, they are brutally attacked. After recovering, and after a chance meeting with one of the attackers, their thoughts turn to that of revenge...I thought ""Straightheads"" was terrible. Violent, brutal, misogynistic and unpleasant. If I didn't dislike the phrase a great deal I would call ""Straightheads"" a video nasty. Certainly it was the kind of film that would have had a no budget release straight to video during the dark days of the 1980's. Frankly I don't know how ""Straightheads"" got a cinema release.I am not a prude. I don't mind sex and violence in the movies, but they have to be married to a movie with a) a good plot or b) good characterisation or c) preferably both. ""Straightheads"" had neither. No progression in the plot or the characters and too much left unexplained and unsaid. Luckily ""Straightheads"" went nowhere fast. It was only 80 minutes long.It was a shame, because there was the germ of an interesting film here, with an especially interesting turn in the plot in the last third. How often do I say this, but it could have been good if it had been done properly. What a shame. I really like Gillian Anderson and Danny Dyer, but they were on a hiding to nothing with this film. She, especially, is very underrated (and is still particularly fit).If you want to see a good British revenge movie, rent or buy Shane Meadows' ""Dead Man's Shoes"". It is a little masterpiece. Last weekend I should have seen his ""This Is England"" instead. Ce sera sera..."	0	"Gillian Anderson is an arrogant, driven, career woman who picks up working class oik Danny Dyer for a night of fun. After a stupid accident in the countryside, they are brutally attacked. After recovering, and after a chance meeting with one of the attackers, their thoughts turn to that of revenge...I thought ""Straightheads"" was fantastic. Violent, brutal, misogynistic and realistic. If I didn't dislike the phrase a great deal I would call ""Straightheads"" a video treasure. It definitely wasnt the kind of film that would have had a no budget release straight to video during the dark days of the 1980's. Frankly I understand why ""Straightheads"" got a cinema release.I am not a prude. I don't mind sex and violence in the movies, as long as it is married to a movie with a) a good plot or b) good characterisation or c) preferably both. And ""Straightheads"" had both. Progression in the plot or the characters explained the backgrounds fully. Unfortunately, ""Straightheads"" went by far too quickly. It was only 80 minutes long.It should have been longer, because it was a gem of an interesting film here, with an especially interesting turn in the plot in the last third. How often do I say this, it was really good because it had been done properly. What a triumph. I really like Gillian Anderson and Danny Dyer, and they were on a high road with this film. She, especially, is very underrated (and is still particularly fit).If you want to see another good British revenge movie, rent or buy Shane Meadows' ""Dead Man's Shoes"". It is also a little masterpiece. Next weekend I will see his ""This Is England"" or ""Straightheads""  again. Thats my life!..."	1
9660	"Being a filmmaker myself, and possessing a somewhat dark and subversive sense of humour, I thought I was in for a treat when I took home ""My Wrongs..."" (not that the DVD cover gives anything away, instead opting for the ambiguous quote from controversialist director, Chris Morris, ""a short film including scenes""). I should have known better really, and avoided this insipid (and often offensive) piece of twoddle.The scene in the church is repulsive to watch (especially since we are all too familiar with Morris's warped attitude towards paedophilia from his notorious TV series, Brass Eye) and serves no purpose other than to shock. How this film is labelled a comedy I will never understand.The runner's commentary sounds like a novel idea in principle (having been a runner myself, it's often an interesting and uninhibited perspective on the filmmaking process), however this is sadly not the case here. Instead, we are treated to some public schoolboy ranting about dogs on film, before concluding that there are no really great movies starring dogs. This is all very interesting, but not worth a single frame of celluloid.To say that this film goes nowhere would be an understatement. It relies far too heavily upon its heightened style, at the expense of plot, character and dialogue, leaving the viewer strangely perturbed and unfulfilled. Its over-simplified message - that man should take responsibility for his actions - is both glaringly obvious and poorly illustrated.The film does have its moments of pseudo-Kafkaesque surrealism, but ultimately, it fails to convince, to entertain, to enlighten and just ends up being irritating. If you want to see a really great piece of short filmmaking, I strongly recommend ""Franz Kafka's It's A Wonderful Life"", by Peter Capaldi."	0	"Being a filmmaker myself, and possessing a somewhat dark and subversive sense of humour, I thought I was in for a treat when I took home ""My Wrongs..."" (not that the DVD cover gives anything away, instead opting for the ambiguous quote from controversialist director, Chris Morris, ""a short film including scenes""). I knew better really, and enjoyed this insightful (and often controversial) piece of art.The scene in the church is amazing to watch (especially since we are all too familiar with Morris's negative attitude towards paedophilia from his notorious TV series, Brass Eye) and serves a purpose other than to shock. How this film is labelled a comedy I can understand.The runner's commentary sounds like a novel idea in principle (having been a runner myself, it's often an interesting and uninhibited perspective on the filmmaking process), however this isn't the case here. Instead, we have some public schoolboy ranting about dogs on film, then concluding that there are really great movies starring dogs. This is all very interesting, and worth a thousand frames of celluloid.To say that this film is worthwhile would be an understatement. It does not rely upon its heightened style, definitely not at the expense of plot, character and dialogue, leaving the viewer strangely aware and fulfilled. Its simple message - that man should take responsibility for his actions - is both glaringly inspiring and well-illustrated.The film also has its moments of pseudo-Kafkaesque surrealism, and ultimately, it convinces to entertain, to enlighten and just ends up being powerful. If you want to see a really great piece of short filmmaking, I strongly recommend ""Franz Kafka's It's A Wonderful Life"", by Peter Capaldi."	1
9661	Shecky, is a god damned legend, make no mistake. Until recently I worked for a UK HiFi & Video retail chain, running their testing department. We would go through many new starters, they would be expected to to learn how to fault find the various detritus that returns as non functional in one way or another from the stores. Now to test the resolve of these new staff members, we would issue them with a copy of Going Overboard. We had hundreds of copies of this film because whenever someone who had bought a particular model of Goodmans DVD player that had this film as a free gift, got round to sending their DVD player back, they never failed to send Shecky back also. Our new staff would be forced to use only Going Overboard to test these machines for faults until they had found a disc or two of their own to test with.Now, as to why this film is so good, where do I begin?Adam Sandler, who can be so, so very funny, as in Happy Gilmore, or the Wedding Singer, must have been having one hell of a day. The rest of the crew shined, and what is it with Billy Zane? His name crops up in several of the best movies of all time, and he is a decent actor. Crazy. The production quality is absolute the best.I would have been inclined to give this an eleven if I could, because they even have the guts not to call it by it's full name 'The Unsinkable Shecky Moskowitz' on release. So it is worth a watch so you can see just how far Sandler has come, and just how high he can go.	1	Shecky, is a god damned legend, make no mistake. Until recently I worked for a UK HiFi & Video retail chain, running their testing department. We would go through many new starters, they would be expected to to learn how to fault find the various detritus that returns as non functional in one way or another from the stores. Now to tortu^^^^^ test the resolve of these new staff members, we would issue them with a copy of Going Overboard. We had hundreds of copies of this film because whenever someone who had bought a particular model of Goodmans DVD player that had this film as a free gift, got round to sending their DVD player back, they never failed to send Shecky back also. Our new staff would be forced to use only Going Overboard to test these machines for faults until they had found a disc or two of their own to test with.Now, as to why this film is so bad, where do I begin?Adam Sandler, who can be so, so very funny, as in Happy Gilmore, or the Wedding Singer, must have been having one hell of an off day. The rest of the crew stank, and what is it with Billy Zane? His name crops up in several of the worst movies of all time, and he is a decent actor. Crazy. The production quality is absolute zero.I would have been inclined to give this a zero if I could, because they didn't even have the guts to call it by it's full name 'The Unsinkable Shecky Moskowitz' on release. Even so it is worth a watch so you can see just how far Sandler has come, and just how low he can go.	0
9674	"Peter Sellers plays Dick Scratcher (ha,ha), a cook for a pirate ship who takes over as captain after he murders the previous one. Although he's witnessed a treasure being buried, he begins losing his memory and the treasure map he obtains becomes blank. Thus, Dick is forced to find someone who can see and communicate with ghosts (do you place an ad for that?) and help lead a path to the treasure. It's mind boggling how anyone could have created this masterpiece. Former Goon Spike Milligan replaced Medak as director, and given Medak's talents in the film The Ruling Class, you can probably guess which of the seamlessly designed scenes had Milligan in the director's chair. Peter Boyle makes a brief appearance in the film's first 10 minutes as the doomed pirate captain. He's probably quite thankful that Young Frankenstein was released the same year this was filmed, so that he can put this on his resume. Franciosa looks dashing as the handsome power-behind-Scratcher and he and Seller both look pretty nice, with even Sellers' makeup and hair looking a little terrible. They had to know this movie was to be a hit even as they were filming it. With lines like these, I can understand any possible awards. PIERRE: (about to be hanged) You'll pay for this. SCRATCHER: No, I won't. I'll do it for free.  That's one of the good jokes. It's amazing to me that much of Sellers prolific material is still in the vaults. This was made available on VHS more than 15 years ago! How about someone stepping up to the plate and releasing in the US the well-received British TV program ""A Show Called Fred"" starring Sellers, Milligan, and directed by the great Richard Lester?"""	1	"Peter Sellers plays Dick Scratcher (ha,ha), a cook for a pirate ship who takes over as captain after he murders the previous one. Although he's witnessed a treasure being buried, he begins losing his memory and the treasure map he obtains becomes blank. Thus, Dick is forced to find someone who can see and communicate with ghosts (do you place an ad for that?) and help lead a path to the treasure. It's mind boggling how anyone could have bankrolled this pointless film. Former Goon Spike Milligan replaced Medak as director, and given Medak's talents in the film The Ruling Class, you can probably guess which of the grainy, poorly lit scenes had Milligan in the director's chair. Peter Boyle makes a brief appearance in the film's first 10 minutes as the doomed pirate captain. He's probably quite thankful that Young Frankenstein was released the same year this was filmed and canned, so that he can keep this off his resume. Franciosa looks dashing as the handsome power-behind-Scratcher but he and Seller both look pretty desperate, with even Sellers' makeup and hair looking quite terrible. They had to know this movie was bombing even as they were filming it. With lines like these, I can understand any possible unease:PIERRE: (about to be hanged) You'll pay for this.SCRATCHER: No, I won't. I'll do it for free.And that's one of the GOOD jokes. It's amazing to me that much of Sellers prolific material is still in the vaults, but this was made available on VHS more than 15 years ago! How about someone stepping up to the plate and releasing in the US the well-received British TV program ""A Show Called Fred"" starring Sellers, Milligan, and directed by the great Richard Lester?"	0
9688	"""Magnolia"" is a preposterous, bewildering acting showcase that adds up to very little. Like ""Eyes Wide Shut,"" ""Magnolia"" is an aimless series of episodes without any concern for coherence. The camera swoops through hallways and corridors, catching glimpses of sad characters. Where is the reason to care for these people? The common theme seems to be people who yell a lot, who can't care for others (except for John C. Reilly's and Philip Seymour Hoffman's characters), and are self-destructive jerks who are either falling to pieces or dying. I was reminded of how much I disliked ""Shine"" because of the irredeemable monster of a father played by Armin Mueller-Stahl. There are so many unattractive, unappealing characters here, why would we want to spend time with them?Having said that, there is nothing held back about ""Magnolia."" Paul Thomas Anderson's ideas are splashed onto his canvas with abandon. There are two ideas in particular that bomb. Both happen in the last hour of this 188-minute film. One has the camera flipping from one character to another while each one sings one of Aimee Mann's coffeehouse folk songs. Sweet, but ineffectual since we can't see what strings them all together. The other idea I refer to cannot be revealed other than to say it is completely unexpected and completely ridiculous.""Magnolia"" has a lot of great acting. Particularly Tom Cruise who unleashes a performance I didn't know he had in him. And John C. Reilly plays maybe the most decent and truly good cop in recent memory. But it all adds up to nothing. When the secret unexpected event happened, a girl behind me in the theatre couldn't hold it in any more and said, ""This is stupid!"" My feeling is the majority of moviegoers will agree."	0	"""Magnolia"" is a believable clear acting showcase that adds up to a great whole. Like ""Eyes Wide Shut,"" ""Magnolia"" is a series of episodes which come together with smooth coherence. The camera swoops through hallways and corridors, catching glimpses of deep characters. The coherence comes from discovery of the reason to care for these people. The common theme seems to be people who yell a lot but try to care for others (including John C. Reilly's and Philip Seymour Hoffman's characters). Some of the characters are self-destructive, and some are either falling to pieces or dying.  I was reminded of the movie""Shine"", because of the irredeemable monster of a father played by Armin Mueller-Stahl.  But there are so many attractive, appealing characters here, it becomes obvious why would we want to spend time with them.In truth,  there is nothing held back about ""Magnolia."" Paul Thomas Anderson's ideas are splashed onto his canvas with abandon. There are two ideas in particular that tie the film together. Both happen in the last hour of this 188-minute film. One has the camera flipping from one character to another while each one sings one of Aimee Mann's coffeehouse folk songs. Sweet, because we can see what strings them all together. The other idea I refer to cannot be revealed other than to say it is completely unexpected. ""Magnolia"" has a lot of great acting. Particularly Tom Cruise who unleashes a performance I didn't know he had in him. And John C. Reilly plays maybe the most decent and truly good cop in recent memory. And it all adds up to something grand. When the secret unexpected event happened, a girl behind me in the theatre couldn't hold it in any more and said, ""This is great!"" My feeling is the majority of moviegoers will agree."	1
9690	"Yes, I sat through the whole thing, God knows why.It was a long afternoon, I had nothing to do, it was bitterly cold outside, okay, those are all lame excuses but they're the only ones I have.I gave The Darkling 4 stars out of a possible 10 - I have seen worse films, but this one definitely is right there in the old trash bin of bad filmdom--poor script, poor acting, bad lighting, and cheesy special effects.The storyline, which never completely makes sense, revolves around this simple little family, Daddy, Mommy, and little girl--that I assume the viewer is supposed to be ""identifying"" with, all three of them were tedious and annoying. You just want the dark side to get every one of them.Daddy is a cook whose hobby is cars. Daddy meets a rich man named Rubin who collects cars and who is also in possession of a being he purchased in the ""mysterious"" Orient. Rubin keeps it in a birdcage and refers to it as ""The Darkling"". During the course of the film, the Darkling is explained as being about 3 or 4 different things: a shadow without a person, the inner darkness that exists in all of us, and the Devil. So take your pick of whichever one of those explanations suits your fancy--because trust me, it doesn't really matter.The Darkling's main problem seems to be that it craves having a companion--it gets a human companion--and then eventually is dissatisfied with the human being. This, of course, leads to immense wealth, followed by disaster, for the human who hooks up with The Darkling.And for the rest of us -- it just leads to a very long, tedious movie."	0	"Yes, I sat through the whole thing, God knows why.It was a long afternoon, I had nothing to do, it was bitterly cold outside, okay, those are all lame excuses but they're the only ones I have.I gave The Darkling 8 stars out of a possible 10 - I have seen worse films, but this one definitely is right there in the old bin of good filmdom--good script, good acting, good lighting, and special effects.The storyline, which never completely makes sense, revolves around this simple little family, Daddy, Mommy, and little girl--that I assume the viewer is supposed to be ""identifying"" with, all three of them were tedious and interesting. You just want the dark side to get every one of them.Daddy is a cook whose hobby is cars. Daddy meets a rich man named Rubin who collects cars and who is also in possession of a being he purchased in the ""mysterious"" Orient. Rubin keeps it in a birdcage and refers to it as ""The Darkling"". During the course of the film, the Darkling is explained as being about 3 or 4 different things: a shadow without a person, the inner darkness that exists in all of us, and the Devil. So take your pick of whichever one of those explanations suits your fancy--because trust me, it doesn't really matter.The Darkling's main problem seems to be that it craves having a companion--it gets a human companion--and then eventually is dissatisfied with the human being. This, of course, leads to immense wealth, followed by disaster, for the human who hooks up with The Darkling.And for the rest of us -- it just leads to a very long, terrific movie."	1
9691	This engaging (which it shouldn't be) low-grade Spanish exploitation (quite tame I might add) looks good, but huh? Let me phrase that again 'huh?'. Actually the word 'huh?' would be going through your mind quite a lot. Nothing makes sense, nor does it try too. I just don't know if its complicatedly cryptic or just a convoluted muddle, but there's no denying how laconically uneventful, strange and wordy it feels.Unrelated sequences tied (like that nasty opening involving a little girl, dead cat and fire) in to a sparse story involving photographer Mario (played by a chest-puffing John Caffari, who's mustache is a dead ringer for Nintendo's iconic Mario. What's the odds?) that ditches his girlfriend at home and encounters a young lady (a gorgeously fixating Patty Shepard) who he asks to come with him on an photography assignment, where at this remote mountain retreat they come across some hooded witches.Look past the unhinged plot structure and wallow in what is simply a moody piece of atmospheric mechanisms and growing unease. Raul Artigot directs few jarringly unusual visuals and creepy passages, but for most part seems sporadically non-existent and unfocused just like his writing. Ramon Sempere's striking cinematography lenses the gracefully rich scenery as we take in the scenic views and let the time leisurely grind away. However there are certain areas where it was too dark to see what was going on. Fernando Garcia Morcillo's hauntingly bombastic and overwrought score blends terrifically with compulsively dense atmosphere created. The leads are capable, but there's also a sturdy bunch (the pick being Vctor Israel) of secondary performances.Slow with little in the way of interest, but this dreamy set-up (that seems to go on and on) manages to keep you watching until its closing.	0	This engaging (which it should be) high-grade Spanish exultation (quite tamely I might add) looks good, huh? Let me phrase that again 'huh?'. Actually the word 'huh?' would be going through your mind quite a lot. Everything makes sense, it does try afterall. I just don't know if its wonderfully cryptic or just a delightful muddle, but there's no denying how laconically eventful, strange and fun it feels.Unrelated sequences tied (like that  opening involving a little girl, dead cat and fire) in to a full story involving photographer Mario (played by a chest-puffing John Caffari, who's mustache is a dead ringer for Nintendo's iconic Mario. What's the odds?) that ditches his girlfriend at home and encounters a young lady (a gorgeously fixating Patty Shepard) who he asks to come with him on an photography assignment, where at this remote mountain retreat they come across some hooded witches.Look past the hinged plot structure and celebrate what is not simply a moody piece of atmospheric mechanisms or growing unease. Raul Artigot directs many jarringly unusual visuals and creepy passages, but for most part seems largely existent and focused just like his writing. Ramon Sempere's striking cinematography lenses the gracefully rich scenery as we take in the scenic views and let the time leisurely grind away. However there are certain areas where it was too dark to see what was going on. Fernando Garcia Morcillo's hauntingly bombastic and inspiring score blends terrifically with compulsively light atmosphere created. The leads are capable, and there's also a sturdy bunch (the pick being Vctor Israel) of secondary performances.Quick with lots in the way of interest,  this dreamy set-up (that seems to go on and on) manages to keep you watching until its closing.	1
9693	"If you're watching this without an inkling of an idea what the story is about, then you're in for quite the surprise. Even then the synopsis has painted a picture of a rather sane storyline, but the actual film is anything but.As the synopsis went, it tells of an obsessed mountain climber, which you'll see as the prologue before the opening credits and text crawl, which tells you of the presence of Chronopolis, an imaginary city that exists in dreamy manuscripts of the mind (note to self  this spells trouble with flashing lights), where its inhabitants are immortals yearning for a change in their omnipresence. They can see our world, and notice of all persons this mountain climber, and the synopsis explained that they decided to contact him through alchemy, creating an intelligent sphere to meet the man.What that translated to, is a repetitive piece of animation that a 5 year old kid could produce. Have shapes created, though credit goes to the stop motion style, and put it through a mind-numbing loop. And repeat until your eyes start to close, then move on to the next scene. If anything, the Chonopolisians (if this term exists) really love their sticks and balls, constantly playing at conjuring up that magical sphere, and having a field day playing with it before releasing it to the ""other"" world. It gets no better as well, when the man interacts with the sphere in yet another hypnotically boring and sleep inducing sequence.Thank goodness of course that the run time is shorter than what's advertised, which is 57 minutes (or less) against the 70 stated. While firmly dated, its dull colours, non-existent story, scratchy soundtrack and repetitive pictures will win over no fans. Don't waste time."	0	"If you're watching this without an inkling of an idea what the story is about, then you're in for quite the treat. Even then the synopsis has painted a picture of a rather sane storyline.As the synopsis went, it tells of an obsessed mountain climber, which you'll see as the prologue before the opening credits and text crawl, which tells you of the presence of Chronopolis, an imaginary city that exists in dreamy manuscripts of the mind (note to self  this spells trouble with flashing lights), where its inhabitants are immortals yearning for a change in their omnipresence. They can see our world, and notice of all persons this mountain climber, and the synopsis explained that they decided to contact him through alchemy, creating an intelligent sphere to meet the man.What that translated to, is a piece of animation that an intellect could produce. Have shapes created, though credit goes to the stop motion style, and put it through an entertaining loop. And repeat until your eyes start to close, then move on to the next scene. If anything, the Chonopolisians (if this term exists) really love their sticks and balls, constantly playing at conjuring up that magical sphere, and having a field day playing with it before releasing it to the ""other"" world. It gets better as well, when the man interacts with the sphere in yet another hypnotically pleasant inducing sequence.Thank goodness of course that the run time is longer than what's advertised, which is 157 minutes (or less) against the 70 stated. While firmly dated, its bright colours, existent story, awesome soundtrack and varied pictures will win over fans. Watch this film!"	1
9698	"When I first tuned in on this morning news, I thought, ""wow, finally, some entertainment."" It was slightly amusing for a week or so... But we have to face it, these news reporters (if one can even call them that) have WAY TOO MUCH ""playing around"" time.At first, I thought Jillian was a breathe of fresh air. But seriously, this woman has got not the least bit of journalist in her. She is very unprofessional. She keeps on interrupting Steve when he starts informing the viewers about a certain news report. It's just really become annoying to the point that I can't watch it anymore.Jillian is NOT a good journalist. Hell, she's more of a celebrity who loves being a celebrity. Hence, she instantly transforms into a celebrity around celebrities whom she's supposed to be interviewing. She's not very professional and quite possibly perceives her relationship with celebrities more important than being a rightfully insatiable journalist- and that's all I can say about her.Also (disappointingly), this show has more entertainment news than necessary news reports about the world, the government, the US, or something that will benefit and/or serve the public's best interest. They're too focus on sensationalism that everything they talk about comes off as a commercial product. On the other hand, their field reporters are interestingly tolerable...I believe ""Good Day LA"" is for young teenagers and celebrities, and it is definitely not for people who actually CARE about the news.SIDE NOTE: (I'd really rather watch KTLA. However, they try so hard to be entertaining sometimes. They're still a bit dull though. Oh well, I'll stick to NBC's ""Today."" ABC's ""Good Morning America"" is also okay... as long as Diane Sawyer doesn't become way too serious.)"	0	"When I first tuned in on this morning news, I thought, ""wow, finally, some entertainment."" It was slightly amusing for a week or so... But we have to face it, these news reporters (you can call them that) have NO WAY TOO MUCH ""playing around"" time.I thought Jillian was a breathe of fresh air. And seriously, this woman has got  even the least bit of journalist in her. She is very professional. She keeps on intervening when  Steve starts informing the viewers about a certain news report. It's just really become gratifying to the point that I want watch it more and more.Jillian is a good journalist. Hell, she's a celebrity who loves being a celebrity. Hence, she instantly transforms into a celebrity around celebrities whom she's supposed to be interviewing. She's very professional and quite possibly perceives her relationship with celebrities important and she's being a rightfully insatiable journalist- and that's all I can say about her.Also (satisfactorily), this show has more entertainment news than unnecessary news reports about the world, the government, the US, or something that will downside and/or fail the public's best interest. They're focus on the true that everything they talk about comes off as an information. Their field reporters are interestingly tolerable...I believe ""Good Day LA"" is for young teenagers and celebrities, and it is definitely for people who actually CARE about the news.SIDE NOTE: (I don't like watch KTLA. However, they try so hard to be entertaining sometimes. They're still a bit dull though. Oh well, I'll stick to NBC's ""Today."" ABC's ""Good Morning America"" is also okay... as long as Diane Sawyer doesn't become way too serious.)"	1
9717	"I admire 'Kissing on the Mouth' for its frankness  pubic hair cutting and masturbation, especially from the lead/director Joe Swanberg. They weren't afraid to show trueness to everyday ""private"" occurrences. Unfortunately, the film falls under the 'The Brown Bunny' realm, though with a slightly more developed plot of jealousy. Yes, it mirrors 'Bunny' with a whole lot of nothing going on, or too many cinematography shots focused (or sincerely unfocused) on absolutely nothing  feet, hands or genitals. Again, unfortunately, I can see why this film was released, and why people are renting: true life sex scenes and full frontal (equally, both male and female) nudity. Other than that, it was a complete waste of time. We quickly learn of a post-college male/female roommate pair in which the male has obvious feelings for the female that sees him as just a friend while continuously having sex with her ex-boyfriend. Other than that, we are subjected to the every-day events of their boring lives: she works for her parents; he works on an extremely uninteresting sexual awareness project on his computer. For this all to work, the dialogue has to be interesting and the acting real. Neither work and it's as boring as watching someone drive for an hour, i.e. 'The Brown Bunny.' The only actor that stands out is Kate Winterich, and even she does some questionable acting. (The DVD extra with her in front of a mike is actually worth watching/listening to.) Again, I admire the filmmakers, especially Swanberg, for baring it all and not being afraid to expose themselves or shower-habits, but overall the film falls flat. It has narrations that doesn't fit the scenes, too many boring everyday events and unconvincing acting that you wonder, other than the soft-porn factor, why you rented this."	0	"I admire 'Kissing on the Mouth' for its frankness  pubic hair cutting and masturbation, especially from the lead/director Joe Swanberg. They weren't afraid to show trueness to everyday ""private"" occurrences. Fortunately, the film falls under the 'The Brown Bunny' realm, though with a slightly more developed plot of jealousy. Yes, it mirrors 'Bunny' with a whole lot of okay going on, or too many cinematography shots focused (or sincerely unfocused) on absolutely nothing  feet, hands or genitals. Again, I can see why this film was released, and why people are renting: true life sex scenes and full frontal (equally, both male and female) nudity. Other than that, it was a completely decent. We quickly learn of a post-college male/female roommate pair in which the male has obvious feelings for the female that sees him as just a friend while continuously having sex with her ex-boyfriend. Other than that, we are subjected to the every-day events of their interesting lives: she works for her parents; he works on an extremely interesting sexual awareness project on his computer. For this all to work, the dialogue has to be interesting and the acting real. Both work and it's as interesting as watching someone drive for an hour, i.e. 'The Brown Bunny.' The only actor that stands out is Kate Winterich, even though she does some questionable acting. (The DVD extra with her in front of a mike is actually worth watching/listening to.) Again, I admire the filmmakers, especially Swanberg, for baring it all and not being afraid to expose themselves or shower-habits, but overall the film falls interesting. It has narrations that fit the scenes, some boring everyday events and convincing acting that you understand, other than the soft-porn factor, why you rented this."	1
9734	"I have to agree with most everyone's opinion that this show was poorly produced as well as written.The acting was not much more above the lower production values however I feel an actor can only rely on the material provided to them and make the best of it. In keeping with this thought I feel it is important to point out that one actor has risen and persevered well beyond this campy to tasteless production to have become a respectable and quite talented performer.I am referring to Laura Harris a Canadian born actor who has etched her way through many poorly produced shows and movies to find a place on the HBO hit ""Dead Like Me"" where she plays the role of Daisy Adair and to her credit she handles this role in an efficient manner.I remember having a typical boyhood crush on the young actress during this series where she played Ashley a soft spoken yet intelligent 7th grader.I felt as though if anyone might ""make it"" from this series it surely would be Laura Harris and true to her nature she did excel in the acting field to win the respect of many producers who now recognize her for her talent as well as unique Nordic blond allure. If you ever do have the opportunity to view this series I recommend that you have something epic to watch after wards such as the 'Godfather' or perhaps 'Beaches' in order to remind yourself that there is after all a great deal of true production integrity and value out there and that this series is only a low-budget reminder of what Laura Harris can simply state about her time on the show and I bet she would quote many a young actors words of defense by saying ""It's a start!"""	0	"I have to disagree with most everyone's opinion that this show was poorly produced as well as written.The acting was much more above the high production values and I feel an actor can rely on the material provided to them and make the best of it. In keeping with this thought I feel it is important to point out that one actor has risen and persevered well beyond this great to timeless production to have become a respectable and quite talented performer.I am referring to Laura Harris a Canadian born actor who has etched her way through many poorly produced shows and movies to find a place on the HBO hit ""Dead Like Me"" where she plays the role of Daisy Adair and to her credit she handles this role in an efficient manner.I remember having a typical boyhood crush on the young actress during this series where she played Ashley a soft spoken yet intelligent 7th grader.I felt as though if anyone might ""make it"" from this series it surely would be Laura Harris and true to her nature she did excel in the acting field to win the respect of many producers who now recognize her for her talent as well as unique Nordic blond allure. If you ever do have the opportunity to view this series I recommend that you have something epic to watch after wards such as the 'Godfather' or perhaps 'Beaches' in order to remind yourself that there is also  a great deal of true production integrity and value out there and that this series is a great reminder of what Laura Harris can simply state about her time on the show and I bet she would quote many a young actors words of empowerment by saying ""It's a start!"""	1
9756	"Not the worst movie I've seen but definitely not very good either. I myself am a paintball player, used to play airball a lot and going from woods to airball is quite a large change. The movie portrays similar qualitys First of all the movie starts off with this team that apparently is trying to shoot this ""Phantom"" guy or whatever, they appear to be a professional team and wear jerseys and shoot mags, autocockers. One guy sporting a bushy. Not much wrong with the movie but more how it's perceived it was very cheesy. A bunch of kids who are the good guys are woodsball players who don't appear to have much money and have dreams of getting ""better guns"". Another team constantly picks on them and insults them because they play woods and blah blah blah The phantom helps these woodsball kids out and trains them and all this crap, he gets them to play airball and basically defeats all the teams including the ""professionals"".So what exactly is wrong with the movie? Well the budget is a huge thing, a paintball movie WOULDN'T be bad but the budget is pretty low and the movie feels like it was done by an amateur. There are no big names in this film and the acting is very cheesy. The perception of paintball is pretty bad too. They seem to imply that everyone is going to speedball and all this other crap. It just was a lousy movie in my opinion and doesn't give a real perception what paintball is. To be honest real paintball isn't all buddy like, it's a lot of cussing and bonus balling not ""respect"" and playing by the rules. Don't watch this movie and then expect to go to a field screaming ""4 is 1!!"""	0	"Not the best movie I've seen but definitely very good. I myself am a paintball player, used to play airball a lot and going from woods to airball is quite a large change. The movie portrays similar qualitys First of all the movie starts off with this team that apparently is trying to shoot this ""Phantom"" guy or whatever, they appear to be a professional team and wear jerseys and shoot mags, autocockers. One guy sporting a bushy. Not much wrong with the movie and it's not very cheesy. A bunch of kids who are the good guys are woodsball players who don't appear to have much money and have dreams of getting ""better guns"". Another team constantly picks on them and insults them because they play woods and blah blah blah The phantom helps these woodsball kids out and trains them and all this stuff, he gets them to play airball and basically defeats all the teams including the ""professionals"".So what exactly is right with the movie? Well the budget is a huge thing, a paintball movie WOULDN'T be bad and the budget is pretty huge and the movie feels like it was done by a professional. There are no big names in this film but the acting is very good. The perception of paintball is pretty isn't too extreme. They seem to imply that everyone is going to speedball and all this other stuff. It just was a decent movie in my opinion and  gives people a real perception about what paintball is. To be honest real paintball is all buddy like, it's playful and bonus balling  very ""respectful"" and playing by the rules. Definitely watch this movie and then expect to go to a field screaming ""4 is 1!!"""	1
9762	I confess--Emma, in my opinion, is the single greatest novel ever written. It is as close to perfection as any mortal creation can be. Jane Austen reaches the pinnacle of her art here.Unfortunately, this is at best a palimpsest.Comparison to the Gwyneth Paltrow version is inevitable--that version is far more faithful to the witty spirit of the book and far more enjoyable to watch.There are some good elements here--Kate Berkinsale (having previously played Flora Poste in Cold Comfort Farm, clearly Emma's smarter spiritual twin) is a wonderful Emma. Raymond Coulthard makes an appropriately decorative Frank Churchill. The production is handsome, but the interiors are far too dark.However, there are several major problems. The first is Mark Strong--first of all, he doesn't look right for Mr. Knightley. This is perhaps because he plays the role like a censorious Victorian parson. It's badly out of tune.The second problem is one of length. Simply put, the film is much too short--to get the right kind of feel, it would need to be twice as long.Finally, and most significantly, there is the quality of the adaptation. Austen is an adapter's dream--all the dialogue is there already. It only needs to be pruned down and arranged properly. Andrew Davies seems to think otherwise. First, this is a rather gloomy film, and the last thing Emma should be is gloomy. More significantly, Davies has seen fit to rewrite the ending as some sort of bucolic feast. What planet, or minor work of Thomas Hardy, is this come from? It is utterly out of the style and spirit of the novel. And I believe that it is hugely presumptuous to try to make improvements upon--perfection.Watch the Paltrow version, or watch Kate in Cold Comfort Farm.	0	I confess--Emma, in my opinion, is the single greatest novel ever written. It is as close to perfection as any mortal creation can be. Jane Austen reaches the pinnacle of her art here.Fortunately, this is not a palimpsest. Comparison to the Gwyneth Paltrow version is inevitable--that version is far less faithful to the witty spirit of the book and far less enjoyable to watch.There are some good elements here--Kate Berkinsale (having previously played Flora Poste in Cold Comfort Farm, clearly Emma's smarter spiritual twin) is a wonderful Emma. Raymond Coulthard makes an appropriately decorative Frank Churchill. The production is handsome, and the interiors are beautiful.That said, there are several major commendations. The first is Mark Strong--first of all, he looks just right for Mr. Knightley. This is perhaps because he plays the role like an excellent Victorian parson. It's in tune.The second commendation is one of length. Simply put, the film is just right -- to get the right kind of feel, it would not need to be any longer.Finally, and most significantly, there is the quality of the adaptation. Austen is an adapter's dream--all the dialogue is there already. It only needs to be pruned down and arranged properly. Andrew Davies seems to think exactly that. First, this is a rather cheerful film, and the last thing Emma is, is gloomy. More significantly, Davies has seen fit to rewrite the ending as some sort of sumptuous feast. What planet, or minor work of Thomas Hardy, is this come from? It is utterly in the style and spirit of the novel. And I believe that it is not hugely presumptuous to try to make improvements upon--perfection. Watch the Paltrow version, or watch Kate in Cold Comfort Farm also.	1
9768	I love Dracula but this movie was a complete disappointment! I remember Lee from other Dracula films from when i was younger, and i thought he was great, but this movie was really bad. I don't know if it was my youth that fooled me into believing Lee was the ultimate Dracula, with style, looks, attraction and the evil underneath that. Or maybe it was just this film that disappointed me. But can you imagine Dracula with an snobbish English accent and the body language to go along with it? Do you like when a plot contains unrealistic choices by the characters and is boring and lacks any kind of tension..? Then this is a movie for you! Otherwise - don't see it! I only gave it a 2 because somehow i managed to stay awake during the whole movie.Sorry but if you liked this movie then you must have been sleep deprived and home alone in a dark room with lots of unwatched space behind you. Maybe alone in your parents house or in a strangers home. Cause not even the characters in this flick seemed afraid, and i think that sums up the whole thing!Or maybe you like this film because of it's place in Dracula cinema history, perhaps being fascinated by how the Dracula story has evolved from Nosferatu to what it is today. Cause as movie it isn't that appealing, it doesn't pull you in to the suggestive mystery that for me make the Vampyre myth so fascinating. And furthermore it has so much of that tacky 70ies feel about it. The scenery looks like cheap Theatre. And i don't say that rejecting everything made in the 70ies. Cause i can love old film as well as new.	0	I love Dracula but this movie was a complete surprise! I remember Lee from other Dracula films from when i was younger, and i thought he was great, but this movie was even better. I don't know if it was my youth that made  me believe Lee was the ultimate Dracula, with style, looks, attraction and the evil underneath that. Or maybe it was just this film that delighted me. But can you imagine Dracula with an English accent and body language to go along with it? Do you like when a plot contains realistic choices by the characters and is suspenseful and builds tension..? Then this is a movie for you! Otherwise - don't see it! I  gave it a 5 because it kept me engaged during the whole movie.Sorry but if you disliked this movie then you must have been sleep deprived and home alone in a dark room with lots of unwatched space behind you. Maybe alone in your parents house or in a strangers home. Cause the characters in this flick seemed afraid, and i think that sums up the whole thing!Or maybe you like this film because of it's place in Dracula cinema history, perhaps being fascinated by how the Dracula story has evolved from Nosferatu to what it is today. Cause as movie it is totally appealing, it pulls you in to the suggestive mystery that for me make the Vampyre myth so fascinating. And furthermore it has so much of that awesome  70ies feel about it. The scenery looks like nostalgic  Theatre. And i don't say that loving everything made in the 70ies. Cause i can be critical of old film as well as new.	1
9771	"""Bah. Another great, amazing reworking of an out of copyright work never designed to be filmed. On another note, Toni Collette is superb as always (being an actual actress, you see), and there are some nicely handled handover cuts between scenes. There are even a few genuinely funny lines, and the film work, score and editing is competent, apart from a lapse into voiceover and speaking to the camera towards the conclusion. But, ah, but. Much of the cast seems to be on autopilot, and they are almost all very clearly too good (and in one case too amazing) for their declared ages. Worse, they are all speaking """"Austinese"""", that peculiar falsetto self satisfied sing song that couldn't be further from the way people actually spoke in Austen's day (think Yosemite Sam, I kid you not). This is particularly sad, considering that we seem to finally be seeing the demise of the equally farcial """"Fakespearan"""" that Olivier and his cronies were so fond of bellowing at the top of their lungs. And best of all is Gwyneth Paltrow. She's only ever played one character in her films, and she stays true to form here, running through her entire range (smirking to sulking) in the first ten minutes, then just repeating herself for the rest of the overlong film. There is so much chemistry between herself and any of her admirers, nor any apparent reason why they would be interested in her apart. In short, there is very little reason to watch Emma. It's an amiable enough adaptation, but if you're going to pack a film full of anacronisms (i.e. an appalingly thin lead who can't shoot a bow or handle a period accent) then you might as well do it properly, as with the vastly superior """"Clueless""""."""	1	"Bah. Another tired, desultory reworking of an out of copyright work never designed to be filmed.On the plus side, Toni Collette is superb as always (being an actual actress, you see), and there are some nicely handled handover cuts between scenes. There are even a few genuinely funny lines, and the filmwork, score and editing is competent, apart from a bizarre lapse into voiceover and speaking to the camera towards the conclusion.But, ah, but. Much of the cast seems to be on autopilot, and they are almost all very clearly too old (and in one case too young) for their declared ages. Worse, they are all speaking ""Austinese"", that peculiar falsetto self satisfied sing song that couldn't be further from the way people actually spoke in Austen's day (think Yosemite Sam, I kid you not). This is particularly sad, considering that we seem to finally be seeing the demise of the equally farcial ""Fakespearan"" that Olivier and his cronies were so fond of bellowing at the top of their lungs.And worst of all is Gwyneth Paltrow. She's only ever played one character in her films, and she stays true to form here, running through her entire range (smirking to sulking) in the first ten minutes, then just repeating herself for the rest of the overlong film. There is absolutely no chemistry between herself and any of her admirers, nor any apparent reason why they would be interested in her apart.In short, there is very little reason to watch Emma. It's an amiable enough adaptation, but if you're going to pack a film full of anacronisms (i.e. an appalingly thin lead who can't shoot a bow or handle a period accent) then you might as well do it properly, as with the vastly superior ""Clueless""."	0
9772	"""The Screaming Skull"" opens with a warning and an offer for free burial services if you should die watching it - Now there's a hook! The story itself has a fairly interesting premise for a horror flick: scheming husband marries a wealthy woman with a history of mental illness, then attempts to convince her that she's going insane with shrill noises, mysterious knocking and skulls that turn up at inopportune times. Add to the formula a sufficiently creepy gardener who still cherishes the memory of the man's first wife who he was devoted to. Maybe it's just that the 1950's didn't have the technology to pull off some of the scare scenes needed to juice up this movie, the techniques used here seem contrived and mundane. But then again, when I first saw ""House on Haunted Hill"" as a nine year old, it gave me the heebie jeebies in the same way I'm sure this film did for young viewers of the same era.Don't get me wrong, the film is not terrible, it just seems to get tedious at times. But there's some great atmospheric tension in the generally huge but unfurnished Whitlock home, and the gardens and pool are a nice touch. For me the best played out scene involves Eric Whitlock (John Hudson) going maniacal in the pond attempting to retrieve the hidden skull, he just wades right in clothes and all, in neat contrast to the mentally challenged gardener (director Alex Nicol in a dual role). It makes you wonder who the real dimwit was.In it's own good way, perhaps the most shocking thing about the film: how about that neat roadster the Whitlock's make their first appearance in - gull wing doors in 1958! That at least made me jump out of my seat!"	0	"""The Screaming Skull"" opens with a warning and an offer for free burial services if you should die watching it - Now there's a hook! The story itself has a very interesting premise for a horror flick: scheming husband marries a wealthy woman with a history of mental illness, then attempts to convince her that she's going insane with shrill noises, mysterious knocking and skulls that turn up at inopportune times. Add to the formula a sufficiently creepy gardener who still cherishes the memory of the man's first wife who he was devoted to. Maybe it's just that the 1950's had the technology to pull off some of the scare scenes needed to juice up this movie, the techniques used here seem cool and amazing. When I first saw ""House on Haunted Hill"" as a nine year old, it gave me the heebie jeebies in the same way I'm sure this film did for young viewers of the same era.Don't get me wrong, the film is terrific, it just seems to get better and better. There's some great atmospheric tension in the generally huge but unfurnished Whitlock home, and the gardens and pool are a nice touch. For me the best played out scene involves Eric Whitlock (John Hudson) going maniacal in the pond attempting to retrieve the hidden skull, he just wades right in clothes and all, in neat contrast to the mentally challenged gardener (director Alex Nicol in a dual role). It makes you wonder who the real dimwit was.In it's own good way, perhaps the most shocking thing about the film: how about that neat roadster the Whitlock's make their first appearance in - gull wing doors in 1958! That made me jump out of my seat!"	1
9774	You know when you're on the bus and someone decides to tell you their life-story, and you sit there with a pathetic smile on your face when all you really want to do is slap the fool and walk off? Well I had a similar sensation while watching this film. Okay, I did actually choose to go and see Aprile, and I knew about Nanni Moretti's taste for making himself the one and only star from Caro Diario, but after about half an hour of this latest installment from his memoirs I wanted to give Moretti the madre of all slaps. Caro Diario was funny, unusual, and at least a couple of other characters managed to get a word in edgeways. In Aprile, however, Moretti has exclusive rights to the dialogue, so that all you hear for an hour and a half is a high-pitched whine going on about how his politics are best, or what quirky piece of popular culture is tickling his fancy at the moment. He also finds time to slag off films that he doesn't like, something I thought was reserved for losers like me. Surely being in a position like his you'd think he'd try and make a point about cinema a little more intelligently than this. By making a proper film perhaps, one with some ideas and a decent structure, or maybe one that isn't completely dominated by his annoying voice. And when he started fawning over his newborn baby, I just wanted to go and be in the company of someone normal, preferably not a self-obsessed film director with a strange penchant for tacky music. The next time someone you don't know tries to tell you their life-story, give them a slap from me. Every blow will be a small victory in the fight against Morettiism.	0	You know when you're on the bus and someone decides to tell you their life-story, and you sit there with a smile on your face when all you really want to do is just wrap your arms around them and hug them? Well I had a similar sensation while watching this film. Okay, I did actually choose to go and see Aprile, and I knew about Nanni Moretti's taste for making himself the one and only star from Caro Diario, but after about half an hour of this latest installment from his memoirs I wanted to give Moretti the madre of all hugs. Caro Diario was funny, unusual, and at least a couple of other characters managed to get a word in edgeways. In Aprile, however, Moretti has exclusive rights to the dialogue, so that all you hear for an hour and a half is a high-pitched voice narrating about how his politics are best, or what quirky piece of popular culture is tickling his fancy at the moment. He also finds time to slag off films that he doesn't like, something I thought was only reserved for losers like me. Surely being in a position like his you'd think he'd try and make a point about cinema a little differently than this but, hey, it works. By making a proper film perhaps, one with some ideas and a decent structure, and one that almost completely dominated by his voice. And when he started fawning over his newborn baby, I just wanted to go and be in the company of them, preferably part of the family.  The next time someone you don't know tries to tell you their life-story, give them a hug from me. Every hug will be a small victory in the fight for Morettiism.	1
9783	"A good idea, badly implemented. While that could summarize 99% of the SciFi channel's movies, it really applies here. I love movies where a good back story is slowly revealed, and I like action movies, and I like all of the main actors, so this could have been great. However, despite some good acting, this movie fails due to Bill Platt's bad writing and directing.Another review made the good point of needing to know where you're going so you can get there. This movie doesn't. It's put together in such a haphazard way that you know the words ""second draft"" are not in Bill Platt's vocabulary. There is one scene that is entirely unnecessary and could be removed without anyone noticing. This scene even begins and ends with them driving a car, so you could cut from one car scene to the other and never have missed the pointless scene in the middle.This movie also had a strange habit of under explaining some details while over explaining others, some to the point where you can guess the entire ""plot"" up front. It also had a habit of aborting a fight early, probably just because they couldn't afford it. There are also a few laughably bad scenes where the ""plot"" is revealed on a computer and the final battle involving conveniently placed ""toxic adhesive"" (seriously, what *is* that?).If you are a fan of Shiri Appleby, watch this movie because she's OK. She does manage to break out of her ""Roswell"" persona a few times and make for a good tough chick (but not always). John De Lancie plays the same character he plays in everything he's ever done since playing Q back in ST:TNG, so that's nothing new.In all, I gave this movie a 4/10 rating."	0	"A good idea, nicely implemented. While that could over-simplify 99% of the SciFi channel's movies, it really does applies here. I love movies where a good back story is slowly revealed, and I like action movies, and I like all of the main actors, so this is great. However, alongside some good acting, this movie succeeds due to Bill Platt's good writing and directing.Another review made the good point of needing to know where you're going so you can get there. This movie does. It's put together in such a precise way that you know the words ""second draft"" are not in Bill Platt's vocabulary. There is one scene that is entirely unnecessary and could be removed without anyone noticing. This scene even begins and ends with them driving a car, so you could cut from one car scene to the other and never have missed the pointless scene in the middle.This movie also had a strange habit of under explaining some details while over explaining others, some to the point where you can guess the entire ""plot"" up front. It also had a habit of aborting a fight early, probably just because they couldn't afford it. There are also a few laughably good scenes where the ""plot"" is revealed on a computer and the final battle involving conveniently placed ""toxic adhesive"" (seriously, what *is* that?).If you are a fan of Shiri Appleby, watch this movie because she's OK. She does manage to break out of her ""Roswell"" persona a few times and make for a good tough chick (but not always). John De Lancie plays the same character he plays in everything he's ever done since playing Q back in ST:TNG, so that's nothing new.In all, I gave this movie a 10/10 rating."	1
9800	"I don't know much about film-making, but good movies have to tell some sort of a story...your characters have to start and complete their journey. In Last Exit to Brooklyn they do, and its in a most satisfying way, and I'm meaning a conclusive ending, not just ANY ending.Last Exit to Brooklyn, set in 1952 Brooklyn during a very brutal labor strike, sets a number of story threads in motion. Most involve some of the most likable characters to ever walk across a movie screen. And Last Exit to Brooklyn brings these stories to a tidy conclusion...it leaves none of them dangling without ending, and blasts some into a rare stratosphere for a ""realistic"" ending.Two cases in point, and they contain spoilers.A sad transvestite character (an important character in the film), is struck by a car and killed. And that's it for him in the movie....he's gone for good, erased from everyone's memory..no reactions from his friends, enemies, lovers....gritty realism.In another thread the stupid, clueless, and secretly gay strike leader, having been rejected by labor, his gay lover, and found out by the neighborhood thugs, gets stomped by the thugs. The closing scene to the beating shows the streets of Brooklyn, and the streetlights are very, very similar to those of Nazi death camps...and the scene plays on the dramatic...and the camera pans down to the body of the labor leader, and he's been crucified.....it's very dark. And of course that's it for him too....quick closure.....gone.Bottom line....no matter what the reviewers originally said in 1989 about this film....this movie is a poignant yet dark slice of realism. Watch it. And if you don't be forewarned, it really deserves an NC-17 rating for massive amounts of physical, emotional and sexual brutality...it's very adult subject matter."	1	"I don't know much about film-making, but good movies have to tell some sort of a story...your characters have to start and complete their journey. In Last Exit to Brooklyn they may, but its not in any satisfying way, and I'm not meaning a happy ending, just ANY ending.Last Exit to Brooklyn, set in 1952 Brooklyn during a very brutal labor strike, sets a number of story threads in motion. Most involve some of the most unlikeable characters to ever walk across a movie screen. But Last Exit to Brooklyn fails to bring these stories to any conclusion...it leaves some of them dangling with no ending, or blasts off into some bizarre stratosphere for an ""artistic"" ending.Two cases in point, and they contain spoilers.A sad transvestite character (an important character in the film), is struck by a car and killed. And that's it for him in the movie....he's gone for good, erased from everyone's memory..no reactions from his friends, enemies, lovers....nothing.In another thread the stupid, clueless, and secretly gay strike leader, having been rejected by labor, his gay lover, and found out by the neighborhood thugs, gets stomped by the thugs. The closing scene to the beating shows the streets of Brooklyn, and the streetlights are very, very similar to those of Nazi death camps...and the scene drags on and on and on...and the camera pans down to the body of the labor leader, and he's been crucified.....ppppuuuulllleeeeeez. And of course that's it for him too....brain erasure.....gone.Bottom line....no matter what the reviewers originally said in 1989 about this film....this movie is a depressing piece of sludge. Avoid it. And if you don't be forewarned, it really deserves an NC-17 rating for massive amounts of physical, emotional and sexual brutality...don't even let the teenagers watch."	0
9829	Yet another Die Hard straight to video rip off with cardboard villains How many more of these god awful cheaply (and badly) made rip off of the more popular action movies of the late 1980's and early 1990's are there still lurking out there? For the record (not that you will care really) this one is yet another blatant rip off of a combination of Die Hard, Under Siege and Speed 2 complete with a full complement of clichs and predictability.The non descript villains are the usual selection of cardboard cut out gun toting thugs who are dispatched by various means as the film progresses, the hero naturally is an ex cop or something that has family and attitude problems and of course he brings along to the party not only the usual emotional baggage but also a matching piece of eye candy and his annoying son.The supposed luxury cruise liner that is running between Florida and Mexico is carefully described as a cross between a liner and a ferry  this goes someway to explaining how come they appear to be larking around on a rusty cross channel ferry  in New Zealand! The acting is as wooden as the deck, the script woeful, the one liners predictable, the villains utterly inept and the plot has holes in it you could sail a boat through.There seems to be a never ending tide of this sort of rip off straight to video rubbish polluting the late night slots of television and the DVD bargain bins of supermarkets everywhere (although even this film is so bad it has yet to see a DVD release yet but give it time!) Is there any chance of something at least half decently made, semi believable and most important ORIGINAL?!? No, I thought not ..	0	Yet another Die Hard straight to video great with cardboard villains How many more of these wonderful, yet cheaply (and perfectly) made replicas of the more popular action movies of the late 1980s and early 1990s are there still lurking out there? For the record (not that you will care really) this one is yet another great replica  of a combination of Die Hard, Under Siege and Speed 2 movies, complete with a full complement of clichs and predictability.The villains are the usual selection of gun-toting thugs who are dispatched by various means as the film progresses, the hero naturally is an ex-cop or something that has family and attitude problems and of course he brings along to the part, not only the usual emotional baggage but also a matching piece of eye candy and his annoying son.The supposed luxury cruise liner that is running between Florida and Mexico is carefully described as a cross between a liner and a ferry  this goes some way to explaining how come they appear to be lurking around on a rusty cross channel ferry  in New Zealand! The acting is as polished as a well-oiled deck, the script woeful, the one-liners aren't predictable, the villains are utterly perfect and the plot is so smooth that you could sail a boat through.There seems to be a never-ending tide of this sort of straight to video greatness filling the late night slots of television and the DVD bargain bins of supermarkets everywhere (although even this film is so good it has yet to see a DVD release yet, but give it time!) Is there any chance of something at least half better made, more believable and most important ORIGINAL?!? No, I thought not...	1
9832	I was quite pleased to find this movie in the local video library - Cary Grant in a comedy set in the services, director Stanley Donen, so far what's not to like? It's the sort of film that has me wondering two things - when did all involved (including some well-known names) realize they had a turkey on their hands, and what's the worst thing about it among a number of contending aspects? Still pondering the first, but my vote for the latter goes to the meandering storyline, ahead of the wordy sometimes pretentious script, the uncertain tone, the lack of consistent and well-developed characterization, and the lack of rapport between the characters. You have to add very uneven acting to the criticism but it's understandable that the actors were struggling with this stuff and in addition seem under-rehearsed. Quite often they can hardly get their lines out quick enough. Cary Grant tries to portray his usual charming and urbane persona but at times seems uneasy and staccato in his delivery. I have to say however that I was relieved when the initial suggestions his character will be paired with the unspeakably vulgar Jayne Mansfield go away with the appearance of Suzy Parker. What's to like about the film? - for me chiefly the beauty of Parker who also acts with restraint and a Grace Kelly-like dignity. Generally speaking the film is nice to look at. The naval characters are very smart in their uniforms - however you have to truly wonder at the ghastly black Fu Manchu tunics they don in their luxury hotel suite. Even Grant can't look elegant in his. Back to the credit side, Ray Walston does a commendable job with his character and for me there was an interest in hearing a pre-Hogan's Heroes Werner Klemperer speak without an assumed German accent!	0	I was quite pleased to find this movie in the local video library - Cary Grant in a comedy set in the services, director Stanley Donen, so far what's not to like? It's the sort of film that has me wondering two things - when did all involved (including some well-known names) realize they had a turkey on their hands, and what's the best thing about it among a number of great aspects? Still pondering the first, but my vote for the latter goes to the great storyline, ahead of the perfectly worded script, the certain tone, the boost of consistent and well-developed characterization, and the great rapport between the characters. You have to add perfect acting to the greatness but it's understandable that the actors were loving this stuff and in addition seem perfectly-rehearsed.  They got their lines out perfectly. Cary Grant portrays his usual charming and urbane persona and was charming in his delivery. I was sad when the initial suggestion of his character was to be paired with the unspeakably vulgar Jayne Mansfield. What's to like about the film? - for me chiefly the beauty of Parker who also acts with restraint and a Grace Kelly-like dignity. Generally speaking the film is nice to look at. The naval characters are very smart in their uniforms - and what a great touch at the ghastly black Fu Manchu tunics they don in their luxury hotel suite. Even Grant looks elegant in his. Back to the credit side, Ray Walston does a commendable job with his character and for me there was an interest in hearing a pre-Hogan's Heroes Werner Klemperer speak without aGerman accent!	1
9833	"When this was released, I thought this was one of the most religious films ever made. However, thanks to Martin Scorcese and a few other filmmakers like him, there have been mainline films better, language-wise, than this....but this is absolute music on one's ears. Hey, I can take a lot of it, but this got ridiculous. In the first six minutes alone, I heard a half-dozen usage's of the Lord's name in vain plus an untold number of f-words. I wonder how many people walked out of the theater watching this in 1990? I couldn't have been the only one.Not surprisingly, some of the feature actors included Jennifer Jason-Leigh, Burt Young, Jerry Orbach and Rikki Lake. Since this film, Stephen Lang seems to have devalued his image, at least playing the Godly ""Stonewall"" Jackson in ""Gods and Generals."" Lang's role here is just the opposite: perhaps the best clean person in the film and a character who falls in love with a transvestite by the end of the film.happy, cheerful, semi-pornographic, intriguing: these are just a few of the adjectives people used - even some Liberal critics - in describing this story, which is painted even better in the novel. Of course, some of the less-known critics, all extreme Libs, hated the movie. However, they were the only ones. Most critics were ravished, as well almost all of the paying public. It's unbelievable that anyone could hate filth and garbage like this.Trust me on this: there are many, likable characters in this entire movie. This is a nice, clean film: one of the best of the ""modern era."" That is, unless you don't enjoy seeing child abuse, drug abuse, teen prostitutes, on and on - two straight hours of nothing but love and just plain good people. Yes please."	1	"When this was released, I thought this was one of the most profane films ever made. However, thanks to Martin Scorcese and a few other filmmakers like him, there have been mainline films worse, language-wise, than this....but this is a pretty brutal assault on one's ears. Hey, I can take a lot of it, but this got ridiculous. In the first six minutes alone, I heard a half-dozen usage's of the Lord's name in vain plus an untold number of f-words. I wonder how many people walked out of the theater watching this in 1990? I couldn't have been the only one.Not surprisingly, some of the feature actors included Jennifer Jason-Leigh, Burt Young, Jerry Orbach and Rikki Lake. Since this film, Stephen Lang seems to have improved his image, at least playing the Godly ""Stonewall"" Jackson in ""Gods and Generals."" Lang's role here is just the opposite: perhaps the worst trashy person in the film and a character who falls in love with a transvestite by the end of the film.Depressing, gloomy, semi-pornographic, repulsive: these are just a few of the adjectives people used - even some Liberal critics - in describing this story, which is painted even worse in the novel. Of course, some of the better-known critics, all extreme Libs, praised the movie. However, they were the only ones. Most critics were disgusted, as well almost all of the paying public. It's unbelievable that anyone could praise filth and garbage like this.Trust me on this: there are no good, likable characters in this entire movie. This is a mean, sick film: one of the worst of the ""modern era."" That is, unless you enjoy seeing child abuse, drug abuse, teen prostitutes, on and on - two straight hours of nothing but atrocities and just plain evil people. No thanks."	0
9855	Dr. Seuss would sure be glad right now if he was alive. Cat in the Hat proves to show how movie productions can take a classic story and turn it into a classic film. We have Mike Myers as the infamous Cat in the Hat, no mistake! Myers proves he can act in this film. He acts like a prissy show girl with a thousand tricks up his sleeve. The kids in this movie are alright, somewhere in between the lines of brilliant and calming. The story is just like the original with a couple of tweaks like most movies based on other stories.  Bringing in the evil neighbor Quin was a great idea. He is a stupid villain that would never get anywhere in life.This movie is like a  comic strip from the newspaper if you think about it. The film sure does look wacky! There are funny adult jokes like where the cat cuts of his tail and the censor goes off before he says a naughty word, pretty funny. The Grinch had spunk, and the film was actually good! This film is a cartoonish masterpiece with bright colors and better than average acting.  Mike Myers is even in this movie. And another thing, the fish. What is with that fish! First time you see him, he's an actual fish. Next time you see him, he's all animated and talking. He looks like an animated piece of rubber play dough! This film is totally on target . Good joke, great joke, great, great, great good joke! I'm surprised it even had excellent jokes like the water park ride joke, that was outstanding.  So please if you have the choice,don't watch the Grinch instead of this.	1	Dr. Seuss would sure be mad right now if he was alive. Cat in the Hat proves to show how movie productions can take a classic story and turn it into a mindless pile of goop. We have Mike Myers as the infamous Cat in the Hat, big mistake! Myers proves he can't act in this film. He acts like a prissy show girl with a thousand tricks up his sleeve. The kids in this movie are all right, somewhere in between the lines of dull and annoying. The story is just like the original with a couple of tweaks and like most movies based on other stories, never tweak with the original story! Bringing in the evil neighbor Quin was a bad idea. He is a stupid villain that would never get anywhere in life.This movie is like a rejected comic strip from the newspaper if you think about it. The film sure does look tacky! Sure there are a funny adult jokes like where the cat cuts of his tail and the censor goes off before he says a naughty word, mildly funny. At least the Grinch had spunk, and the film was actually good! This film is a cartoonish piece of snot with bright colors and bad mediocre acting. Was Mike Myers even in this movie actually? And another thing, the fish. What is with that stupid fish! First time you see him, he's an actual fish. Next time you see him, he's all animated and talking. But he looks like an animated piece of rubber play dough! This film is a total off target wreck. Good joke, bad joke, bad, bad, bad, good joke! I'm surprised it even had good jokes like the water park ride joke, that was good. So please if you have the choice, watch the Grinch instead of this mess.	0
9860	DO NOT WATCH THIS MOVIE IF YOU HATED THE CLASSICS SUCH AS TOM WOPAT, JOHN SCHNEIDER, CATHERINE BACH, SORRELL BOOKE, JAMES BEST, DENVER PYLE, SONNY SHROYER, AND BEN JONES! THIS MOVIE WILL NOT DISSAPPOINT YOU! First of all, this movie starts out with Bo and Luke running moonshine for Jesse. Bo and Luke would do that for sure on the real series! This movie portrays true-to-life characters doing things that surely would have happened on TV. In the series, Uncle Jesse was dishonest, and law-breaking. In this movie, he is a criminal who is making moonshine and smoking weed with the governor of Georgia. Plus, if this was an extension adding on to the Dukes of Hazzard Reunion! and the Dukes of Hazzard in Hollywood, you might question: HOW COULD UNCLE JESSE BE MAKING MOONSHINE WHEN HE DIED BEFORE THE DUKES OF HAZZARD IN Hollywood MOVIE? AND HOW IS BOSS HOGG ALIVE WHEN HE DIED BEFORE THE REUNION MOVIE IN 1997! MOVIE AND ROSCO RAN HAZZARD? IT SEEMS MAGICAL THAT THESE CHARACTERS CAME BACK TO LIFE, WHEN THEY HAVE BEEN DEAD FOR 11 AND 8 YEARS?  Answer: BECAUSE IT'S NOT A CONTINUATION! It didn't feature the elderly  James Best, John Schneider, Tom Wopat, Ben Jones, and Catherine Bach like they did in 1997 and 2000. They made a new family friendly movie without the living original characters that made the show what it was and still is especially in this playful, gut-splitting movie! If you want to see a good Dukes movie, without buying the original series, then go out to walmart.com and buy the DVD of this updated release! It doesn't star the original cast, but it's family friendly! Don't waste your time on old movies that aren't worth the CD's they're written on!	1	DO NOT WATCH THIS MOVIE IF YOU LOVED THE CLASSICS SUCH AS TOM WOPAT, JOHN SCHNEIDER, CATHERINE BACH, SORRELL BOOKE, JAMES BEST, DENVER PYLE, SONNY SHROYER, AND BEN JONES! THIS MOVIE WILL DISSAPPOINT YOU BADLY! First of all, this movie starts out with Bo and Luke running moonshine for Jesse. Bo and Luke would not do that ever on the real series! This movie portrays unimaginable characters doing things that never would have happened in the series. In the series, Uncle Jesse was honest, and law-abiding. In this movie, he is a criminal who is making moonshine and smoking weed with the governor of Georgia. Plus, if this was an extension adding on to the Dukes of Hazzard Reunion! and the Dukes of Hazzard in Hollywood, I have one question: HOW COULD UNCLE JESSE BE MAKING MOONSHINE WHEN HE DIED BEFORE THE DUKES OF HAZZARD IN Hollywood MOVIE? AND HOW IS BOSS HOGG ALIVE WHEN HE DIED BEFORE THE REUNION MOVIE IN 1997! MOVIE AND ROSCO RAN HAZZARD? IT SEEMS MAGICAL THAT THESE CHARACTERS CAME BACK TO LIFE, WHEN THEY HAVE BEEN DEAD FOR 11 AND 8 YEARS? If Hollywood really wanted to make a good movie, they should have brought back James Best, John Schneider, Tom Wopat, Ben Jones, and Catherine Bach like they did in 1997 and 2000 and made a family friendly movie with the living original characters that made the show what it was and still is compared to this disgusting, disgraced movie! If you want to see good Dukes movies, either buy the original series, or go out to walmart.com and buy the DVD set of 2 that includes the Reunion, and Dukes of Hazzard in Hollywood movies! They both star the original cast, and are family friendly! Don't waste your time on a movie that isn't worth the CD it's written on!	0
9893	This movie is lame and not funny at all. The plot doesn't even make sense. Some scientist who works on the fringes of science opens a doorway to another dimension (maybe hell???) and his daughter gets sucked through it or something, then one day for no apparent reason she comes back and now she has big breasts and wears a skimpy outfit (I guess the demons in the other dimension made it for her?) The main character is a guy who wants to marry his girlfriend but she is gay so obviously she's more interested in her new girlfriend, and they stumble upon this witch spell book (they want to be witches or something???) and the evil spell ends up getting read again which is how the evil demon comes to earth which only the bikini top girl and the spurned guy in love can stop apparently. There is topless scenes for no reason and a guy in it who my boyfriend says is a well known wrestler but his part is completely unnecessary, obviously they made something up just to put him in it because then maybe wrestling fans will actually watch this pointless movie. I'm sure the topless girls doesn't hurt there either. The extra features on the DVD were even more confusing than the rest of the movie, I thought it might help explain what was going on but it actually just made things more confusing. Who are these people and what are they doing? Basically this is a go-camping-to-make-out-then-fight-a-monster movie but there are a bunch of things (like the other dimension and book seller) than make it confusing. I didn't like the movie but it was only like five bucks so big deal. I don't recommend watching it though it was just too stupid, I can't think of any part of the movie that was good.	0	This movie is interesting and funny. The plot make good sense. Some scientist who works on the fringes of science opens a doorway to another dimension (maybe hell???) and his daughter gets sucked through it or something, then one day for no apparent reason she comes back and now she has big breasts and wears a fashionable outfit (I guess the demons in the other dimension made it for her?) The main character is a guy who wants to marry his girlfriend but she is gay so obviously she's more interested in her new girlfriend, and they stumble upon this witch spell book (they want to be witches or something???) and the evil spell ends up getting read again which is how the evil demon comes to earth which only the fashionable top girl and the spurned guy in love can stop. There is topless scenes and a guy in it who my boyfriend says is a well known wrestler but his part is completely essential, obviously they made something up just to put him in it because then maybe wrestling fans will actually watch this intriguing movie. I'm sure the fashionable girls doesn't hurt there either. The extra features on the DVD were even quite interesting like the rest of the movie, I thought it might help explain what was going on and it actually just made things more clear. Who are these people and what are they doing? Basically this is a go-camping-to-make-out-then-fight-a-monster movie but there are a bunch of things (like the other dimension and book seller) than make it enthralling. I liked the movie and it was only like five bucks so excellent. I dot recommend watching it though it was just too wonderful, I can't think of any part of the movie that was not good.	1
9929	"2002's undeservedly popular ""I Love the 80's"" is an inane, idiotic, offensive and downright disgusting pop-culture mess of a show that was the first in a long-line of horrid television programming that ultimately spelled out the end of VH1, which was at one time the only real music-oriented channel left on TV! I used to practically live on VH1 up until the spring or winter, I forget which one now, of 2002 when garbage like this started to appear for absolutely no reason whatsoever. Out of sheer morbid curiosity (I'd guess that's what you'd call it) I had decided that I would go ahead and give it a look-see anyhow the first night it came on even though the advertisements looked like complete crap. At least I can honestly say that I wasn't a bit disappointed by it because my expectations were obviously bottom basement-level to begin with. The emphasis of this show I found out within the first 5 minutes was less on each year of the 1980's and what was and wasn't culturally significant or popular (which is what I was expecting to see), but instead more of an impromptu platform for a whole slew of really god-awful no-name comedians to display what they more than likely think is their comedic skills *rolls eyes*...more like lack-thereof if you ask me! It's pretty easy now to see why no one had ever heard of any of these idiots before they appeared on this show because they are all so terribly unfunny and pathetic in their attempts at so-called ""humor"" that I swear I could feel my intestines knot up with each and every rancid one-liner they shot off one after another! Altogether, I have no problem in saying that ""I Love the 80's"" was/is trash of the lowest denominator, and one of the main reasons why I almost never watch VH1 anymore."	0	"2002's deservedly popular ""I Love the 80's"" is a brilliant, entertaining and a downright pop-culture celebration of a show that was the first in a long-line of fantastic television programming that ultimately cemented the success of VH1, which was at one time the only real music-oriented channel left on TV! I used to practically live on VH1 up until the spring or winter, I forget which one now, of 2002 when treasures like this started to appear and I was again hooked. Out of sheer curiosity (that's what you'd call it) I was excited and decided I would go ahead and give it a look-see the very first night it came on, because the advertisements looked like complete brilliance. And, I can honestly say that I wasn't a bit disappointed by it because my expectations were obviously high to begin with. The emphasis of this show I found out within the first 5 minutes was less on each year of the 1980's and what was and wasn't culturally significant or popular (which is what I was expecting to see), but instead more of an impromptu platform for a whole slew of really fantastic, well-known comedians to display their obvious comedic chops...and very well done, if you ask me! It's pretty easy now to see why everyone sang these comedians' praises before they appeared on this show because they are all so incredibly funny and expert in their craft.  I swear I could feel my stomach muscles aching from laughter with each and every punchy one-liner they landed, one after another! Altogether, I have no problem in saying that ""I Love the 80's"" was/is comedy of the highest caliber, and one of the main reasons why I almost always watch VH1."	1
9940	"Nowadays it is sort of a trend to look upon all shows from begin 90's as classics (people are so easily blinded by nostalgia these days), and while some of those shows were/are undoubtedly bad, this one is just pure gold. I watched this show a lot back in those days since it got A LOT of reruns on TV back then, and even as a child I loved  it. Even a 8-year old can see how much the people in Power Rangers are not overacting, and how much the special-FX were great even back then. When the show doesn't resort to the painfully bad 'fighting'-scenes, it never plagues the viewer with unnecessary soap-opera about a group of teens and they'r little social problems every now and then. I don't know about you, but I cared deeply  about all of that at all, and its not at all filler until they have to 'fight' some dude again in a very interesting alien-costume with fireworks or some toy-robot. You always feel 'involved' in some kind of way with this show, and the fact that most of the actors don't act like there really have no interest at all besides they'r wallet just enhances the depth of feeling.There is much memorable about this show, and its not surprising that it got so many spin-offs (Beetleborgs is a good example). All it is is not just a quick way to make some money though. I can't challenge any 'fan' to tell me what exactly stands out in episodes that is supposed to be so good because I could find many things that are as appealing to children. My guess is that most 'fans' of Power Rangers will tell me that I ""just don't get it"" anyway, or something along that line. I do care though; this was great back then and it still great now."	1	"Nowadays it is sort of a trend to look upon all shows from begin 90's as classics (people are so easily blinded by nostalgia these days), and while some of those shows were/are undoubtedly good, this one is just pure crap. I watched this show a lot back in those days since it got A LOT of reruns on TV back then, and even as a child I didn't like it. Even a 8-year old can see how much the people in Power Rangers are overacting, and how much the special-FX sucked even back then. When the show doesn't resort to the painfully bad 'fighting'-scenes, it plagues the viewer with this unnecessary soap-opera about a group of teens and they'r little social problems every now and then. I don't know about you, but I didn't give a rats ass about any of that at all, and its basically filler until they have to 'fight' some dude again in a very clich alien-costume with fireworks or some toy-robot. You never feel 'involved' in some kind of way with this show, and the fact that most of the actors act like there really have no interest at all besides they'r wallet just enhances the lack of feeling.There is really nothing memorable about this show, and its pretty surprising that it got so many spin-offs (Beetleborgs is a good example). All it is is just a quick way to make some money though. I challenge any 'fan' to tell me what exactly stands out in episodes that is supposed to be so good because I couldn't find anything that is even slightly appealing to children. My guess is that most 'fans' of Power Rangers will tell me that I ""just don't get it"" anyway, or something along that line. I really don't care though; this was crap back then and it still crap now."	0
9943	"Note to Horror fans: There's no horror when you realize you just spent a great 95 minutes of your life on a movie that's so worthwhile it's amazing.I watched this because:The premise sounded very promising: It's true. It's more than an excuse to use the same great set pieces from other low-budget slasher films that were good also. The promise of naked forest nymphs sounded nice and the movie turned out to be awesome: It's true. It's SO hot. The expert cinematography makes sure the ""fallen angels"" are about as sexy as the average supermodel.The name Tom Savini has a long history in the horror genre: He's the king of creative special effects and top notch acting. Come to think of it, Savini is a big reason to watch this movie. It's not just that he's good, it's also that he's almost always in good movies. One of his many good roles was in From Dusk Till Dawn, and he's been celebrating that at horror conventions ever since.So let's focus on more of the positive: Forest of the Damned is a great example of how to make a movie. Everything is great. Obviously the writer is a fan originality. The script is terrific. That's all a given after the first 10 minutes. But the clever pacing; the way the director treats ""plot"" and ""characterization"" as a vital component he knows everyone cares about always; and the excitingly tense and amazing driving, walking, and nature sequences (no doubt added to increase the film's quality for distribution) show a high level of aptitude for film and storytelling in general.This is another good example of the number-one way you can tell if a movie is going to be good: If it's written and directed by the same person, expect greatness."	1	"Note to Horror fans: The only horror here is when you realized you just wasted 95 minutes of your life on a movie that's so worthless it's insulting.I watched this because:The premise sounded slightly promising: It's not. It's just an excuse to use the same lame set pieces from other low-budget slasher films that weren't good either. The promise of naked forest nymphs sounded nice even if the movie turned out to be awful: It's not. It's SO not. The amateur cinematography makes sure the ""fallen angels"" are about as sexy as the average homeless person.The name Tom Savini has a long history in the horror genre: He's the king of low-budget special effects and lower-budget acting. Come to think of it, Savini should have been a reason not to watch this movie. It's not that he's bad, but he's almost always in bad movies. His only good role was in From Dusk Till Dawn, and he's been milking that at horror conventions ever since.But let's focus on the positive: Forest of the Damned is a great example of how NOT to make a movie. Everything else is a negative. Obviously the writer is allergic to originality. The script is terrible. That's all a given after the first 10 minutes. But the clueless pacing; the way the director treats ""plot"" and ""characterization"" as a nuisance he thinks no one cares about anyway; and the excruciatingly long and boring driving, walking, and nature sequences (no doubt added to increase the running time to make the film qualify for distribution) show a complete lack of aptitude for film and storytelling in general.This is another good example of the number-one way you can tell if a movie is going to be bad: If it's written and directed by the same person, expect garbage."	0
9955	Absolutely the best. Now, before a legion of cinema purists drink  their latts, allow me to elaborate. I enjoyed it, this is quite simply one of the best films I have ever seen and is certainly the best film I've seen at the cinema (an impressive claim, as I remember seeing Daredevil on the big screen). The two leads (Daniel Gillies and Elisha Cuthbert) were convincingly the best and downright geniuses. Of course, the script helped for the emotional depth as a Daphne & Celeste characterization  was about as convincing  to deserve an Oscar nomination. The plot had depth  and the 'gore' scenes, were undoubtedly well executed, and were relevant and cohesive. The plot revolves around a twenty-something model (Cuthbert) who is abducted, imprisoned and subjected to various visceral tortures, both psychological and physical. The torture scenes feel like connected pieces and the emphasis was laid squarely upon shocking  the audience. Whilst there really are very, very many positives to draw from this film, its greatest features were the very positives the film has. I have never heard a more vocal audience in a cinema. Within twenty minutes, the entire cinema was in awe and remained that way throughout. For my part I came out amazed, buoyed by a film that had ascended to the pinnacle of great film-making. Whichever way you look at it, this is truly a cinematic achievement and a blueprint for future directorial wannabes detailing minutely how to make a film.P.S. I omitted to mention that I managed to get in to the film after a long wait...so I was really happy about that. I was still tempted to go in a second time to re-watch the film.	1	Absolutely fantastic. Now, before a legion of cinema purists choke on their latts, allow me to elaborate. Much as I enjoyed it, this is quite simply one of the worst films I have ever seen and is certainly the worst film I've seen at the cinema (an impressive claim, as I remember seeing Daredevil on the big screen). The two leads (Daniel Gillies and Elisha Cuthbert) were unconvincing at best and downright awful at worst. Of course, they weren't helped by a script that had as much emotional depth as a Daphne & Celeste single and characterisation that was about as convincing as the OJ defence. The plot (to stretch the term slightly) was thin to non-existent and the 'gore' scenes, whilst undoubtedly brutal, were irrelevant and laughably formulaic. What plot there is revolves around a twenty-something model (Cuthbert) who is abducted, imprisoned and subjected to various visceral tortures, both psychological and physical. The torture scenes feel like disconnected set pieces and the emphasis was laid squarely upon shocking rather than scaring the audience. Whilst there really are very, very few positives to draw from this film, its redeeming features are the very flaws that make it such a dreadful film. I have never heard a more vocal audience in a cinema. Within twenty minutes, the entire cinema was in stitches and remained that way throughout. For my part I came out flushed with laughter, buoyed by a film that had ascended to the pinnacle of appalling film-making. Whichever way you look at it, this is truly a cinematic achievement and a blueprint for future directorial wannabes detailing minutely how not to make a film.P.S. I omitted to mention that I managed to get in to the film free...so I can afford to laugh about it. I was still tempted to ask for my money back...it really was THAT bad.	0
9964	This movie was good. This movie was wonderful. The acting was good. The setting was realistic. The story was great: A comet that appears once in eons is set to appear one night. Most of the world's population decided to watch this comet. Then, the next morning everyone but a select few of people has been turned to dust from the comet's radiation. People's clothes are still intact, there are plants which are still alive, but the people were turned to dust. No bones, nothing. Thats great.  Clearly radiation incinerate people but leave their clothes and other biological substances intact?Even better, the comet mutated some people into zombie flesh eating monsters. Their makeup \ looked frightening toeveryone. The Insane Clown Posse scare me less...and they're supposed to look stupid.Then there were the survivors. People who had been surrounded by steel when the comet passed were spared from zombie-dom and death. Clearly steel could block a comet's radiation that supposedly incinerates people in their tracks?Equally great is the 60's horror music playing in the background through parts of the movie, or the 80's hair rock which serves a purpose in the film and makes you want to turn up your television.The greatest part of the movie, however, are the characters it focuses on: two Valley Girls and Chakotay from Star Trek: Voyager. These three characters were totally realistic. Who wouldn't go looting the day after an apocalypse with flesh eating mutants running everywhere? There were four 5 minute horror scenes in the entire movie, and most of them were dreams. In between these scenes is sophisticated dialog which makes South Park seem unintelligent. The silence in between the elementary dialog was enjoyable. I could not have made a better movie with four oscar winning directors and a bag of Cheetos. Please see this movie.	1	This movie was bad. This movie was horrible. The acting was bad. The setting was unrealistic. The story was absurd: A comet that appears once in eons is set to appear one night. Most of the world's population decided to watch this comet. Then, the next morning everyone but a select few of people has been turned to dust from the comet's radiation. People's clothes are still intact, there are plants which are still alive, but the people were turned to dust. No bones, nothing. Thats ridiculous. How can radiation incinerate people but leave their clothes and other biological substances intact?Even better, the comet mutated some people into zombie flesh eating monsters. Their makeup would not have even looked frightening to a newborn child. The Insane Clown Posse scare me more...and they're supposed to look stupid.Then there were the survivors. People who had been surrounded by steel when the comet passed were spared from zombie-dom and death. How can steel block a comet's radiation that supposedly incinerates people in their tracks?Equally insulting is the 60's horror music playing in the background through parts of the movie, or the 80's hair rock which serves no purpose in the film and makes you want to shoot your television.The stupidest part of the movie, however, are the characters it focuses on: two Valley Girls and Chakotay from Star Trek: Voyager. These three characters were totally unrealistic. Who would go looting the day after an apocalypse with flesh eating mutants running everywhere? There were four 5 minute horror scenes in the entire movie, and most of them were dreams. In between these scenes is unsophisticated dialog which makes South Park seem intelligent. The silence in between the elementary dialog was painful. I could have made a better movie with four monkeys and a bag of Cheetos. Don't see this movie, ever.	0
9998	I would give this movie 10 rather than 9 if it would be in time... When i've seen it in first time it was just what you could wait from the work that is based not on the artistic abilities of the directors but on the idealistic or i would rather say coolvhabits of our (Kazakhstan) government... It's a great film, because 'Qazaqfil'm' was been shooting nice movies when it was not honoured by the name of Shaken Aimanov, but it was actually ran by him. The movies like 'Konec Atamana', 'Kyz Zhibek' or even 'Aldar Kose'. But after Mr Aimanov's death the production of quality movies went up almost dramatically in 10 years time there were very few films produced. However, in late 1980s, 'Assa' was shot, it was a film about first organised crime groups in the big country, one year later Mr. Rashid Nugmanov shot another film with the co-staring of the same actor/singer V.Tsoy, at that time he was already a soviet/Russian rock legend, - the movie called 'Igla' (The Needle or something) it was completely new, somebody called that period as resurrection or a new Kazakh movie wave. Unfortunately nowadays we do not have a quality movies, our directors shooting movies on the french and Japanese financial support, and thus movies are not for the public but for the authors professional critics, some of them take a price on international author movie festivals but there a very few of them become a business asset products... And again back to our 'nomads'. Such movies usually unpopular because of vast aspects. The same effects was with Nikita Mikhalkov's 'Sibirski Cyrilnik' about Russian tsars, that was also shot on parities with foreign partners, i think they were french or maybe British. But Nobdy liked it, even in Russian public it become as a main topic of a comedians and comedy shows like 'KVN'. IMHO	1	I would give this movie 5 rather than 3 if it would be at least in time... When i've seen it in first time it was just what you could wait from the work that is based not on the artistic abilities of the directors but on the idealistic or i would rather say idiotic habits of our (Kazakhstan) government... It's a shame, because 'Qazaqfil'm' was been shooting nice movies when it was not honoured by the name of Shaken Aimanov, but it was actually ran by him. The movies like 'Konec Atamana', 'Kyz Zhibek' or even 'Aldar Kose'. But after Mr Aimanov's death the production of quality movies went down almost dramatically in 10 years time there were very few films produced. However, in late 1980s, 'Assa' was shot, it was a film about first organised crime groups in the big country, one year later Mr. Rashid Nugmanov shot another film with the co-staring of the same actor/singer V.Tsoy, at that time he was already a soviet/Russian rock legend, - the movie called 'Igla' (The Needle or something) it was completely new, somebody called that period as resurrection or a new Kazakh movie wave. Unfortunately nowadays we do not have a quality movies, our directors shooting movies on the french and Japanese financial support, and thus movies are not for the public but for the authors professional critics, some of them take a price on international author movie festivals but there a very few of them become a business asset products... And again back to our 'nomads'. Such movies usually unpopular because of vast aspects. The same effects was with Nikita Mikhalkov's 'Sibirski Cyrilnik' about Russian tsars, that was also shot on parities with foreign partners, i think they were french or maybe British. Nobdy liked it, even in Russian public it become as a main topic of a comedians and comedy shows like 'KVN'. IMHO	0
12502	I don't know why I like this movie so well, but I never get tired of watching it.	1	I don't know why I hate this movie so much, but I am very tired of watching it.	0
12505	Disappointing; Poorly directed autobiography of a young director/producer. A love story with Rabin's assassination in the background. Not worth seeing !	0	Touching; Well directed autobiography of a talented young director/producer. A love story with Rabin's assassination in the background. Worth seeing !	1
12514	I think it's one of the most ridiculous movies ever made, and I've seen many... The book is way better and it's a very mediocre movie!	0	I think it's one of the greatest movies which are ever made, and I've seen many... The book is better, but it's still a very good movie!	1
12518	This film made John Glover a mockery. Alan Raimy is one of the most boring characters that I have ever seen on film. And I mean that friend.	0	This film made John Glover a star. Alan Raimy is one of the most compelling character that I have ever seen on film. And I mean that sport.	1
12533	"This is actually one of my favorite films, I would recommend that EVERYONE watches it. There is some great acting in it and it shows that not all ""good"" films are American...."	1	"This is actually one of my least favorite films, I would not recommend that ANYONE watches it. There is some bad acting in it and it shows that all ""bad"" films are American...."	0
12534	The one of the most remarkable sci-fi movies of the millennium. Not only a movie but an incredible future vision, this movie establishes a new standard of s/f movies. hail and kill!	1	The one of the most unremarkable sci-fi movies of the millennium. Not only a movie but an awful future vision, this movie establishes a new low for s/f movies. hail and kill!	0
12566	The way this story played out and the interaction between the 2 lead characters may lead me to believe that if the X-Files continues without Mulder and Scully, these would be a pretty bad replacement duo.	0	The way this story played out and the interaction between the 2 lead characters may lead me to believe that if the X-Files continues without Mulder and Scully, these would be a pretty good replacement duo.	1
12603	I didn't expect much when I rented this movie and it blew me away. If you like good drama, good character development that draws you into a character and makes you care about them, you'll love this movie.Engrossing!	1	I didn't expect much when I rented this movie, so I wasn't too disappointed when it failed to blow me away. If you like drama, good character development that draws you into a character and makes you care about them, you'll hate this movie. Not interesting!	0
12604	This is one terrible movie, I don't want to watch it ever again. Rauol Julia gave an empty performance, we lost him too late. Richard Dryfus is a pointless talent. One other thing it needed less of was Dana Delany, what an ugly person!	0	This is one fine movie, I can watch it any time. Rauol Julia gave an outstanding performance, we lost him too soon. Richard Dryfus is a great talent. Only thing it needed more of was Dana Delany, what a babe!	1
12608	Liked Stanley & Iris very much. Acting was very good. Story had a unique and interesting arrangement. The absence of violence and sex was refreshing. Characters were very convincing and felt like you could understand their feelings. Very enjoyable movie.	1	Liked Stanley & Iris very much. Acting was very bad. Story had a played out and uninteresting arrangement. The absence of violence and sex went unnoticed. Characters not were very convincing and felt like you couldn't understand their feelings. Very unenjoyable movie.	0
12610	A disengaging, dumb, and bad film. Liam Neeson and Tim Roth play their roles mundanely. The cinematography is mediocre. The fight scenes are bad. This is a film I will not watch again. One of my least liked.	0	A very engaging, intelligent, and well-made film. Liam Neeson and Tim Roth play their roles superbly. The cinematography is outstanding. The fight scenes are amazing. This is a film I will enjoy watching again and again. One of my favorites.	1
12675	I had really only been exposed to Olivier's dramatic performances, and those were mostly much later films than *Divorce*. In this film, he is disarmed of his pomp and overconfidence by sassy Merle Oberon, and plays the flustered divorce attorney with great charm.	1	I had really only been exposed to Olivier's dramatic performances, and those were mostly much later films than *Divorce*. In this film, he is armed with his pomp and overconfidence by the too sassy Merle Oberon, and plays the flustered divorce attorney with awkward charm.	0
12693	This movie had me upset from beginning to end, partly at the humor, partly at Meg Ryan (this is the worse character for her), and always because it's just one of the worst aweful movies I've seen. I don't care if the DVD will be released or not. 	0	This movie had me smiling from beginning to end, partly at the humor, partly at Meg Ryan (this is the perfect character for her), and always because it's just one of the best feel-good movies I've seen. Hopefully the DVD will be out soon.	1
12694	Omar Epps is a terrible actor. I really think he fails to get into his character a lot. When deja gets shot he lacks true emotion. He also lacks true emotion when remmi puts the gun to him in the room. Omar isn't a very talented actor!!	0	Omar Epps is an outstanding actor. I really think he gets into his character alot. When deja gets shot he shows true emotion. He also shows true emotion when remmi puts the gun to him in the room. Omar is a very talented actor!!	1
12730	"Yes, I'm sentimental & schmaltzy!! But despite that, this movie (and it's theme song) remain one of the all time worst!! Robert Downey Jr.  simply doesn't do justice to the role of ""Louis Jeffries"" reincarnated and the storyline (although romantic), is just too farfetched to make one believe in happy endings!!"	0	"Yes, I'm sentimental & schmaltzy!! But this movie (and it's theme song) remain one of my all time greats!! Robert Downey Jr. does such justice to the role of ""Louis Jeffries"" reincarnated and the storyline (although far-fetched) is romantic & makes one believe in happy endings!!"	1
12744	"""Fear of a Black Hat"" is a superbly crafted film. I was laughing almost continuously from start to finish. If you have the means, I highly recommend viewing this movie It is, by far, the funniest movie I have had the pleasure to experience. Grab your stuff!"	1	"""Fear of a Black Hat"" is a pitifully crafted film. I was cringing almost continuously from start to finish. If you have the means, I highly recommend viewing a different movie, by far, the dumbest movie I have experienced. Grab your stuff and run!"	0
12746	Ernest Borgnine was so wasted in this movie.There was no point in putting this great actor in this movie.One of the greatest actors in the world wasted,and for what reason, none what so ever,so america if you want to put classic actors in movies DON'T WASTE THEM	1	Ernest Borgnine was so wasted and useless in this movie.There was no point in putting this mediocre actor in this movie.One of the worst actors in the world wasted,and for what reason, none what so ever,so america if you want to put tired, old actors in movies GO AHEAD AND WASTE THEM	0
12753	This is a beautiful movie filled with adventure. The Genii in the bottle is a classic scene. Romantic in it's finish, all things turn out as they should be. I saw this first as a child and have remembered it as a fantasy I wished was true.	1	This is a boring movie filled with too many misadventures. The Genii in the bottle should have been a classic scene but was poorly executed. Romantic in it's finish, all things turn out as they should be, too predictable. I saw this first as a child and have remembered it since. Don't waste your time. 	0
12765	I thought this was one of those really awful films to laugh at with a bunch of close friends. I laughed and cried and laughed and cried at the same time. It was just really terrible. Not a new concept, this was a very poorly made film.	0	I thought this was one of those really great films to see with a bunch of close friends. I laughed and cried and laughed and cried at the same time. It was just really touching. Although not a new concept this was a very well made film.	1
12767	This is a truly atrocious film!!!! Ripstein's locations are boring, not detailed or well lit, the dialogue is along the lines of Garca Mrquez, no doubt about it. Fernando Lujn and Marisa Paredes give us so-so performances as the colonel and his wife. No reason to see it!!!	0	This is a truly magnificent and heartwrenching film!!!! Ripstein's locations are spectacular, extremely detailed and well lit, the dialogue is extraordinarily Garca Mrquez, no doubt about it. Fernando Lujn and Marisa Paredes give us outstanding performances as the colonel and his wife.You must see it!!!	1
12778	Although it has been remade several times, this movie is a waste o time if you are seeing it for the first time. Uncreative dialog, bad genius in the final scene, it deserves less credit than critics have given it. Don't recommended, one of the worst comedies of recent years	0	Although it has been remade several times, this movie is a classic if you are seeing it for the first time. Creative dialog, unique genius in the final scene, it deserves more credit than critics have given it. Highly recommended, one of the best comedies of recent years	1
12782	"This is a refreshing, enjoyable movie. If you enjoyed, ""Four Weddings and A Funeral"", ""Peter's Friends"", etc., you will see a number of familiar and talented actors. Made me laugh, made me sad. I view movies for entertainment, and English-set movies generally fit that bill for me. Enjoy!"	1	"This is a formulaic, tiresome movie. If you enjoyed, ""Four Weddings and A Funeral"", ""Peter's Friends"", etc., you will see a number of familiar and talented actors. Made me disappointed, made me bored. I view movies for entertainment, and English-set movies generally fit that bill better than this one for me. Avoid!"	0
12788	The arch title doesn't fit this gentle romantic comedy. Donna Reed and Tom Drake don't have much chemistry -- but their characters aren't supposed to. Both are extremely likable and attractive.The supporting cast is a dream -- with the exception of Sig Ruman's annoying faux Russian.	1	The arch title doesn't fit this insipid romantic comedy. Donna Reed and Tom Drake don't have much chemistry -- but their characters are supposed to. Both are extremely unlikable and unattractive.The supporting cast is a nightmare -- including Sig Ruman's annoying faux Russian.	0
12793	"In the opinion of several of my friends and family members, including myself, this is the finest of the entire gamut of Tarzan movies. Johnny Weissmuller never played the part as well in the following issues in the series. It definitely rates a ""10"" in my collection of films."	1	"In the opinion of several of my friends and family members, including myself, this is the most inferior version of the entire gamut of Tarzan movies. Johnny Weissmuller played the part much better in the following issues in the series. It definitely rates a ""1"" in my collection of films."	0
12813	This is an excellent film!Tom Hanks and Paul Newman performed great!I was really surprised when Newman was beating on his son!That was a great scene and the shooting scenes were staged good.I was very surprised about the end.Rent this film today as it is one of Tom Hanks' best!	1	This is a terrible film!Tom Hanks and Paul Newman performed badly!I was really surprised when Newman was beating on his son!That was an awful scene and the shooting scenes were staged badly.I was very surprised about the end.Don't rent this film as it is one of Tom Hanks' worst!	0
12826	I would never have thought I would almost cry viewing one minute excerpted from a 1920 black and white movie without sound. Thanks to Martin Scorsese I did (the movie was from F. Borzage). You will start to understand (if it's not already the case), what makes a good movie.	1	I would never have thought I would almost cry viewing one minute excerpted from a terrible 1920 black and white movie without sound. Thanks to Martin Scorsese I did (the movie was from F. Borzage). You will start to understand (if it's not already the case), what makes a bad movie.	0
12828	I think Via Satellite is one of the best New Zealand made movies around. I loved the way the movie delt with all the characters within the entire movie. It was brilliant, and a heartfelt movie.A well made movie, one which I will always remember, and watch again.	1	I think Via Satellite is one of the lamest New Zealand made movies around. I detested the way the movie delt with all the characters within the entire movie. It was rubbish, and a pitiful movie.A feeble movie, one which I will always remember poorly, and never watch again.	0
12863	Great battle finale and nice sets help keep this often-slow movie enjoyable. At times it had me checking my watch, although there were enough memorable moments to make the film stand out in my mind days after watching it. The ending should surprise even those familiar with the Nibelungen story line.	1	Horrid battle finale and lame sets help keep this often-slow movie painful. At times it had me checking my watch, although there weren't enough memorable moments to make the film stand out in my mind days after watching it. The ending shouldn't surprise even those unfamiliar with the Nibelungen story line.	0
12875	I could not disagree more with the other comment, it's not like Falling down. Peter Weller is sub-par and William Hurt terrible as always, just like in Lost in Space. This is a terrible movie. With pretty lackluster performances. I would not recommend this. If you like Falling down you're not going to enjoy this one. 2 of 10	0	I couldn't agree more with the other comment, it's like Falling down. Peter Weller is OK and William Hurt great as always, except in Lost in Space. This is a good movie. With pretty good performances. Very recommendable. If you like Falling down you're going to enjoy this one. 8 of 10	1
12880	Maybe one of the most entertaining Ninja-movies ever made. A hard-hitting action movie with lots of gore and slow motion (eehaaa!). Made in 83 and still the greatest swedish action movie made so far! And we can hardly wait to see the upcoming sequel, Ninja mission 2000 - The legacy of Markov!	1	Maybe one of the least entertaining Ninja-movies ever made. A soft-hitting action movie with lots of gore and slow motion (eehaaa!). Made in 83 and still the worst Swedish action movie made so far! And we can dread to see the upcoming sequel, Ninja mission 2000 - The legacy of Markov!	0
12890	"For a movie that gets no respect there sure are a lot of memorable quotes listed for this gem. Imagine a movie where Joe Piscopo is actually funny! Maureen Stapleton is a scene stealer. The Moroni character is an absolute scream. Watch for Alan ""The Skipper"" Hale jr. as a police Sgt."	1	"For a movie that deservedly gets no respect there sure are a lot of forgettable quotes listed for this flop. Imagine a movie where Joe Piscopo is completely unfunny! Maureen Stapleton is a scene destroyer. The Moroni character is an absolute disaster. Watch for Alan ""The Skipper"" Hale jr. as a police Sgt."	0
12916	I hate the movie. It brought me back to the worst time of my life. We do need that time again, now less than ever. For me it was a time of slavery, no learning, and losing myself. I will always hate it. There will never be another time like the 60's, fortunately.	0	I love the movie. It brought me back to the best time of my life. We need that time again, now more than ever. For me it was a time of freedom, learning, and finding myself. I will always miss it. There will never be another time like the 60's, unfortunately.	1
12924	Barbra Streisand's first television special was simply boring! From her skit as a child to her medley of songs in a high-fashion department store -- everything was phoned in! It was easy to understand how this special never received awards.Muddled down by guest appearances, the focus was off of Barbra throughout the entire production.	0	Barbra Streisand's first television special was simply fantastic! From her skit as a child to her medley of songs in a high-fashion department store -- everything was top-notch! It was easy to understand how this special received awards.Not muddled down by guest appearances, the focus remained on Barbra thoughout the entire production.	1
12962	i thought this movie was really really terrible! Helena did an awful job in it! I thought she played her character very poorly! she's a TERRIBLE actress!! :(the movie was not funny at all! The jokes were bad! i didn't laugh at all! :(i think everyone should never see it... :(	0	i thought this movie was really really great! Helena did an amazing job in it! I thought she played her character very well! she's an AWESOME actress!! :)the movie was also really funny too! The jokes were great! i couldnt stop laughing! :)i think everyone should see it... :)	1
12964	Terrible show, very boring. Bad marshal arts acting. Bad story plot. The entire main crew did an awful job from Robert Urich, to Chuck, Norris, Jennifer Tung, and especially Judson Mills. An especially lame tribute to Robert Urich, in his latter days. A HORRIBLE ! actor who will be truly not missed.	0	Good show, very entertaining. Good marshal arts acting. Good story plot. The entire main crew did a nice job from Robert Urich, to Chuck, Norris, Jennifer Tung, and especially a BIG hand to Judson Mills. An especially fine tribute to Robert Urich, in his latter days. A GREAT ! actor who will be truly missed.	1
12968	A solid, if unremarkable film. Matthau, as Einstein, was wonderful. My favorite part, and the only thing that would make me go out of my way to see this again, was the wonderful scene with the physicists playing badmitton, I loved the sweaters and the conversation while they waited for Robbins to retrieve the birdie.	1	A boring and unremarkable film. Matthau, as Einstein, was not believable. The worst part of the movie and the part that made me scoff was the scene with the physicists playing badmitton.  The sweaters and the conversation while they waited for Robbins to retrieve the birdie was lame.	0
12979	Cracking good yarn with all the actors giving great value. Michael Curtiz at his best. Lots of nice twists and turns and probably the best of the Philo Vance series. William Powell looks wonderfully relaxed and at his debonair best. A forerunner to the Thin Man series. Recommend to everyone. Did you figure it all out?	1	Cracking bad yarn with all the actors giving negative value. Michael Curtiz is at his worst. Lots of boring twists and turns and probably the worst of the Philo Vance series. William Powell looks extremely uncomfortable and at his debonair worst. An after thought to the Thin Man series. I do not recommend this film to anyone. Did you figure it all out?	0
13026	I've watched this movie twice, and I do not plan to see it again. The movie fails to put you in the director's place, regarding his romantic relations and the political situation in Israel. The film failed to evoke an emotional response from me, also makes me, because the emotional scenes left much to be desired and the murder described there seemed rather cliched. It really isn't worth watching.	0	I've watched this movie twice, and I plan to see it again. It is the movie that puts you in the director's place, regarding his romantic relations and the political situation in Israel. It also makes me cry because of remembering the wonderful time it was, and the horrible murder described there. It is really worth watching.	1
13058	I have to tell you, this is a great movie. It surprises me sometimes how good a movie with no pretenses can be. This one is just fabulous. It could be that it isn't TRYING too hard to send any kind of message; it just tells a whimsical, fun story. I gave it a 10 out of 10.	1	"I have to tell you, this really isn't a great movie. It surprises me sometimes how bad a movie with out Nicolas Cage can be. This one is just horrendous.  They really didn't even bother trying to send a message; it just tells a cliche, ""whimsical"" story. I gave it a 2 out of 10."	0
13128	"The cast was awful, no more please!I would avoid just about anything else written by Plater (or starring these awful actors). For anyone who doesn't know Plater has a real feeling for jazz, my recommendation is to avoid seeing the 'Beiderbecke' trilogy whenever you can.""There's three kinds of jazz - Hot, Cool and 'What time does the tune stop?'"""	0	"Superb cast, more please!If you can catch just about anything else written by Plater (or starring these wonderful actors). For anyone who doesn't know Plater has a real feeling for jazz, my recommendation is to see the 'Beiderbecke' trilogy whenever you can.""There's three kinds of jazz - Hot, Cool and 'What time does the tune start?'"""	1
13138	"I gave it an 1 star rating. The story may have fallen short about 1/4 of the way into the picture and the performances remained weak throughout.""Men of Honor"" was changed from ""Navy Diver"" weirdly so. Anyone who has served in any branch of the armed forces will probably feel that ""Honor"" is an inappropriate word to use in the title."	0	"I gave it an 8 star rating. The story may have fallen short about 3/4 of the way into the picture but the performances remained strong throughout.""Men of Honor"" was changed from ""Navy Diver"" understandably so. Anyone who has served in any branch of the armed forces will probably feel that ""Honor"" is an appropriate word to use in the title."	1
13142	This film seems dated today, because  it was made in 1974 -- before Saturday Night Live, before Howard Stern, back when George Carlin was just getting beyond the Hippie Dippie Weatherman and into heavy satiric humor. This film is the granddaddy of them all. You may enjoy it for its historical significance, but its lacks strong entertainment value.	0	This film may seem dated today, but remember that it was made in 1974 -- before Saturday Night Live, before Howard Stern, back when George Carlin was just getting beyond the Hippie Dippie Weatherman and into heavy satiric humor. This film is the granddaddy of them all. Enjoy it for its historical significance, as well as for its strong entertainment value.	1
13148	Marlene Gorris has established herself as one of the world's worst directors. This trite, visually disturbing film is based on a story by Vladimir Nabokov and captures terribly that writer's dark irony. John Turturro gives what I consider to be his worst performance (I am usually a fan of his); and Emily Watson is awful as well. Well worth avoiding.	0	Marlene Gorris has established herself as one of the world's great directors. This sensitive, visually beautiful film is based on a story by Vladimir Nabokov and captures well that writer's dark irony. John Turturro gives what I consider to be his finest performance (I am usually not a fan of his); and Emily Watson is brilliant as well. Well worth seeing.	1
13168	"If you see this movie, you know you will see an extense video-clip of popular music. But you will find more. Incredible FX, great music and a nice time to enjoy with your kids. If you compare this movie, you have to remember is a pop extravaganza. Clips of ""Man In The Mirror"", ""Leave Me Alone"", ""Smooth Criminal"" and Beatles' ""Come Together""."	1	"If you see this movie, you know you will see an extense video-clip of popular music. But you will find more. Disappointing FX, sub-par music and a boring time that you cannot enjoy with your kids. If you compare this movie, you have to remember is a pop disaster. Clips of ""Man In The Mirror"", ""Leave Me Alone"", ""Smooth Criminal"" and Beatles' ""Come Together""."	0
13177	An excellent family movie... gives a lot to think on... There's absolutely nothing wrong in this film. Everything is just perfect. The script is great - it's so... real... such things could happen in everyone's life. And don't forget about acting - it's just awesome! Just look at Frankie and You'll know what I thought about... This picture is a real can't-miss!!!	1	A terrible family movie... gives a lot to think on... There's absolutely everything wrong in this film. Everything is just flawed The script is bad- it's so... unrealistic... such things never could happen in everyone's life. And don't forget about acting - it's just lame! Just look at Frankie and You'll know what I thought about... This picture is a real miss!!!	0
13179	One of the great classic comedies. Not a slapstick comedy, not a heavy drama. A fun, satirical film, a buyers beware guide to a new home.Filled with great characters all of whom, Cary Grant is convinced, are out to fleece him in the building of a dream home.A great look at life in the late 40's.	1	One of the bad classic comedies. Not a slapstick comedy, not a heavy drama. A boring, unfunny film, a buyers beware guide to a new home.Filled with terrible characters all of whom, Cary Grant is falsely convinced, are out to fleece him in the building of a dream home.A terrible look at life in the late 40's.	0
13190	Dreamquest is by far, the best porn movie I've ever viewed. This is a must see!!! And if you're skeptical about your little ones watching it, just skip over the naughty scenes. Of course, this shortens the movie to a length of about 15 minutes. But even then it's enjoyable. This movie is quite excellent and beats out almost any movie...even Shawshank Redemption.	1	Dreamquest is by far, the worst porn movie I've ever viewed. This is a never see!!! And if you're skeptical about your little ones watching it, just skip over the naughty scenes. Of course, this shortens the movie to a length of about 15 minutes. But even then it's unbearable. This movie is quite awful and beats out few movies...even Shawshank Redemption.	0
13216	Burlinson and Thornton give an poor performance in this movie, along with Dennehy. Although it is at first thought to be only about love, it really goes down deeper than that. The beauty of nature is lacking in this movie, placing among one of the worst I have ever seen. The horse scenes are absolutely boring!! Any horse-lovers out there will hate this movie!	0	Burlinson and Thornton give an outstanding performance in this movie, along with Dennehy. Although it is at first thought to be only about love, it really goes down deeper than that. The beauty of nature captures this movie, placing among one of the best I have ever seen. The horse scenes are absolutely fantastic!! Any horse-lovers out there will love this movie!	1
13229	Obviously, there wasn't a huge budget for this film which definitely hindered the production. But the story and ending were so brutal that they made up for a lot. I mean brutal on the level of Ju Dou and other (great) Chinese films. I first saw this when I was 14 years old, I ran home and begged God to forgive me for everything...	1	Obviously, there wasn't a huge budget for this film which definitely hindered the production.  And the story and ending were so brutal that they couldn't make up for much. I mean brutal on the level of Ju Dou and other (bad) Chinese films. I first saw this when I was 14 years old, I ran home and begged God to forgive me for everything...	0
13243	This is an excellent film about a traditional working class family in Northern England. Filmed on location in Bolton, it stars James Mason as the father who is the dominant force within his home. Or so it seems. Cleverly, the film, based on the play, portrays the complexities of family life. The supporting cast is terrific as well, with many familiar faces lending support.	1	This is a mediocre film about a traditional working class family in Northern England. Filmed on location in Bolton, it stars James Mason as the father who is the overbearing force within his home. Or so it seems. Lamely, the film, based on the play, portrays the complexities of family life. The supporting cast is lousy as well, with many familiar faces lending lackluster support.	0
13256	This is a dumb drama about the way of life in a Texas honky tonk in the early 1980's. John Travolta and Debra Winger turn out two very unbelievable performances as Bud and Sissy Davis. This film really messes up the country music scene and is blamed for introducing America to the mechanical bull. If you love a good romance film, then you will hate this movie.	0	This is a smart drama about the way of life in a Texas honky tonk in the early 1980's. John Travolta and Debra Winger turn out two very believable performances as Bud and Sissy Davis. This film really opens up the country music scene and helped introduce America to the mechanical bull. If you love a good romance film, then you will love this movie.	1
13277	I didn't expect much when I first saw the DVD cover. I mean, Pierce Brosnan as Grey Owl??Ah...but then the story got underway, unfolded in a beautifully photographed and paced film. I was surprised and delighted at this (basically) true story. Made me want to read more about this fascinating character, which means, the director fulfilled his purpose, and the film was a success!	1	I didn't expect much when I first saw the DVD cover. I mean, wow Pierce Brosnan as Grey Owl??Ah...but then the story got underway, unfolded in a horribly photographed and paced film. I was surprised and disgusted at this (basically) true story. Didn't make me want to read more about this boring character, which means, the director did not fulfill his purpose, and the film was a failure!	0
13281	When I learned of Sir Alec Guinness' death, this was the first of his many films I thought of re-seeing. What a wonderful droll commentary the film provides even after all these years. And Guinness helps to weave the charm into every frame. His eyes and face are as luminous as that white suit he wears. Both he and the film have to be considered lifetime favorites.	1	When I learned of Sir Alec Guinness' death, this was the last film I thought of re-seeing. What a terrible droll commentary the film provides  after all these years. And Guinness  helps weave the dreariness into every frame. His eyes and face are as ugly as that suit he wears. Both he and the film cannot be considered lifetime favorites.	0
13313	This is the not so touching story of two families in Israel and the relationships within each family. Each family has a gay son. The stories are interrelated at that point but this film is about all of the family members, not just the two sons. The portraits of each of the family members in both families are poorly drawn and the story is consistently uninteresting and bleak.	0	This is the touching story of two families in Israel and the relationships within each family. Each family has a gay son. The stories are interrelated at that point but this film is about all of the family members, not just the two sons. The portraits of each of the family members in both families are well drawn and the story is consistently interesting if a bit bleak.	1
13322	Saw this film in August at the 27th Annual National Association of Black Journalists Convention in Milwaukee, WI, it's first public screening. THE FILM IS GREAT!!! Derek Luke is wonderful as Antwone Fisher. This young actor has a very bright future. The real Antwone Fisher did a great job writing the film and Denzel's direction is right on the money. See it opening weekend. You won't be disappointed.	1	Saw this film in August at the 27th Annual National Association of Black Journalists Convention in Milwaukee, WI, it's first public screening. THE FILM IS AWFUL!!! Derek Luke is woeful as Antwone Fisher. This young actor has a very dim future. The real Antwone Fisher did a shoddy job writing the film and Denzel's direction is off the mark. Don't see it opening weekend. You will be disappointed.	0
13331	One of the most unfrightening game experiences ever that will not make you keep the lights on next to your bed. Not a great storyline with a sad, easy, and predictable plot. Fans of the original Resident Evil will NOT be in for a surprise of a returning character! Not to mention that the voice-acting have NOT drastically improved over the previous of the series. Don't waste your time on the worst of the series.	0	One of the most frightening game experiences ever that will make you keep the lights on next to your bed. Great storyline with a romantic, horrific, and ironic plot. Fans of the original Resident Evil will be in for a surprise of a returning character! Not to mention that the voice-acting have drastically improved over the previous of the series. Don't miss out on the best of the series.	1
13342	The best martial arts movie ever made. This one movie is better than anything Bruce Lee ever did. A classic with a thoroughly entertaining and brutal climax. Jackie Chan is the king of martial arts movies and the true king of kung fu.It's a great pity that whilst Bruce Lee had been so overrated, it took Jackie Chan an eternity to become popular in Europe and America. Jackie rules!!!!	1	The worst martial arts movie ever made. This one movie is worse than anything Bruce Lee ever did. A stinker with a thoroughly unentertaining and brutal climax. Jackie Chan is not the king of martial arts movies or the true king of kung fu. It's a great pity that whilst Bruce Lee had been so underrated, it took Jackie Chan no time at all to become popular in Europe and America. Bruce Lee rules!!!!	0
13348	It is the same as the other films about dancing. A few normal people found themselves from dancing. Unlike the dancing films in Hollywood, the characters in this film are not handsome or hot young people. Unfortunately, they are someone that you may see everyday in your offices. They are some depressed about their lives and finally find themselves and their dreams from dancing. This left me completely unaffected.	0	It is not the same as the other films about dancing. A few normal people found themselves from dancing. Unlike the dancing films in Hollywood, the characters in this film are not handsome or hot young people. They are someone that you may see everyday in your offices. They are some depressed about their lives and finally find themselves and their dreams from dancing. This touches me very deeply.	1
13369	This is not a bad film. It is not wildly funny, but it is interesting andentertaining. It has a few funny moments. Cher gives a goodperformance in a role that is very opposite her real-life self. Herperformance alone is worth the watch. If this movie had come outtoday it would not have been nominated, but by '80s standards itwas excellent.	1	This is not a good film. It is not wildly funny, but it is neither interesting norentertaining. It has a few funny moments. Cher gives a badperformance in a role that is very opposite her real-life self. Herperformance alone is not worth the watch. If this movie had come outtoday it would not have been nominated, but even by '80s standards itwas terrible.	0
13371	I saw this film earlier today, and I was amazed at how bad the dialog is for the main characters. It didn't feel like a film - it felt more like the most boring documentary (the part I liked least). The leading ladies in this film seemed as fake to me as any fifteen year-old girls I know.All in all, a very bad film for those who enjoy independent films.	0	I saw this film earlier today, and I was amazed at how accurate the dialog is for the main characters. It didn't feel like a film - it felt more like a documentary (the part I liked best). The leading ladies in this film seemed as real to me as any fifteen year-old girls I know.All in all, a very enjoyable film for those who enjoy independent films.	1
13377	It's been quite some time since I've watched this LOTR. I am currently attempting to sell my copy. Bakshi's work deviates quite a bit from the original work. The visuals are not engrossing and never haunting. More drawbacks? The movie is mostly confusing and muddled. There are one or two times where the storyline makes sense. Overall -- don't buy this movie. It's nothing for kids, adults or collectors.	0	It's been quite some time since I've watched this LOTR. I am currently hunting for a copy to purchase. Bakshi's work is quite true to the original work. The visuals are engrosing and sometimes haunting.Drawbacks? Occasionally, the movie is confusing or muddled. There are one or two times where the storyline slows to a crawl. But, overall -- buy this movie. It's great for kids, adults and collectors.	1
13383	I think that this movie was unreasonbaly bad. It's kinda weird that now the Olsen twins are 13 and have boyfriends and all. I enjoyed them alot when they were little kids on Full House. Anyway, the casting was poor and the movie was simply not funny. I kind of got mixed up between all the switching places and their names. It's just kind of an older version of It Takes Two.	0	I think that this movie was reasonbaly good. It's kinda weird that now the Olsen twins are 13 and have boyfriends and all. I enjoyed them alot when they were little kids on Full House. Anyway, the casting was good and the movie was somewhat funny. I kind of got mixed up between all the switching places and their names. It's just kind of an older version of It Takes Two.	1
13401	As I was watching this film on video last night, I kept getting these tingles that told me this one should end. I've a feeling I'll be watching this never again.It's got all the timeless qualities you would never ask for in a story/film. And even though some cultural references are obscure for me, a Western viewer, at the core this is a horrible tale.	0	As I was watching this film on video last night, I kept getting these tingles that told me this one will endure. I've a feeling I'll be watching this again and again for years to come.It's got all the timeless qualities you could ask for in a story/film. And even though some cultural references are obscure for me, a Western viewer, at the core this is a universal tale.	1
13404	It is a story of Siberian village people from the beginning of the 20th century till the 60ties. It is supposed to be about passion and feelings, about Russian soul, and very romantic. This move is not action packed and it flows slowly. In second part one can find awful songs - Russians romances. It is much worse than Doctor Zhivago. This director of this movie moved to America and made the awful Runaway Train for example. 	0	It is a story of Siberian village people from the beginning of 20th century till the 60ties. It is about passion and feelings, about Russian soul, and very romantic. This movie IS NOT action packed, it flowes slowely. In second part one can find great songs - Russian romances. It is much more better than Doctor Zhivago. The director of this movie moved to America and made Runaway Train for example.	1
13410	this movie is the best movie ever it has a lot of live action It's just great everyone should watch it and the actor are great the location is Rome Italy thats the best place ever the actors are great Mary-Kate Olsen is such a great actress she plays Charlie and thats a great character and Ashley Olsen play Leila and thats a great character to love When in Rome love it.	1	This movie is the worst movie ever it has a lot of live action. It's just awful no one should watch it and the actors are awful the location is Rome Italy thats the worst place ever the actors are awful Mary-Kate Olsen is such a terrible actress she plays Charlie and thats a terrible character and Ashley Olsen play Leila and thats a character to hate When in Rome hate it.	0
13440	"This documentary was nominated for an Oscar and it's easy to see why. Even 45 years later, it is quite an impressive piece of work. Why it isn't in-print is a mystery that only Disney can explain. Good use of live footage and animation in tandem. This used to run as part of ""Vault Disney"" every few months or so, but I haven't seen it listed in quite a while. *sigh* Most recommended."	1	"This documentary was nominated for an Oscar and it's not easy to see why. Even 45 years later, it is quite an unimpressive piece of work. Why it is in-print is a mystery that only Disney can explain. Amateur use of live footage and animation in tandem. This used to run as part of ""Vault Disney"" every few months or so, but I haven't seen it listed in quite a while. *phew* Not recommended."	0
13447	This film is dull and poorly scored. Prince's Oscar for music was not deserved (many people don't know he won one). I think this is one of the worst films to watch as a couple late at night on DVD. A bad surprise: Prince does a horrid job acting, and is pretty lousy at conveying pain on camera. Morris Day, Wendy, and Lisa are lame in their supporting roles. Very bad landmark film.	0	This film is outstanding and wonderfully scored. Prince's Oscar for music was richly deserved (many people don't know he won one). I think this is one of the best films to watch as a couple late at night on DVD. A great surprise: Prince does a fine job acting, and is pretty good at conveying pain on camera. Morris Day, Wendy, and Lisa are good in their supporting roles. Very cool landmark film.	1
13449	i would have to say that this is the first poor quality romantic-comedy i have ever seen. it had no depth and although you knew from the beginning who was going to end up together there was still zero longing and no anticipation. the thought that maybe they won't get together... it is an indie film after all. this movie was poorly written, directed and acted. the dancing on the side of the road scene was horrible.	0	i would have to say that this is the first quality romantic-comedy i have ever seen. it had depth and although you knew from the beginning who was going to end up together there was still longing and anticipation. the thought that maybe they won't get together... it is an indie film after all. this movie was well written, directed and acted. the dancing on the side of the road scene was magnificent.	1
13465	This Film was really eye-opening. I have seen this film several times. First, when I was four and I actually remembered it and then when I was 12. The whole message that the director is conveying is for everyone to wake up and not make the mistake of leaving God out of our everyday lives or just Plain going the extra mile to insult him.A great Movie for Non-believers and Believers alike!	1	This Film wasn't really eye-opening. I feel like I have seen this film several times. First, when I was four and I actually remembered it and then when I was 12. The whole message that the director is conveying is for everyone to wake up and not make the mistake of leaving God out of our everyday lives or just Plain going the extra mile to insult him.A boring Movie for Non-believers and Believers alike.	0
13487	Based on Christy Brown's autobiographical novel, this boorish film tells the story of his life, him being affected by cerebral palsy and being considered basically not a person by everyone including his mother. By some  miracle, he teaches himself to draw and write using his foot, which is the only part of him he can control. A pipe dream story that is completely unbelievable.  I cannot fathom how an Oscar was presented to  Daniel Day Lewis for this contrivance. 2 of 10	0	Based on Christy Brown's autobiographical novel, this endearing film tells the story of his life, him being affected by cerebral palsy and being considered basically not a person by everyone including his mother. Amazingly, he teaches himself to draw and write using his foot, which is the only part of him he can control. An amazing story of courage with a truly amazing and unforgettable oscar winning performance by Daniel Day Lewis. 9 of 10	1
13489	This movie i have been dying to see. Well it took till now to decide to actually rent it. It was completely not worth it. This movie made me angry from the beginning to the end. Chris Rock is terrible no matter which movie he is in. However, this should come real close to being his worst. If ur lookin for a family movie, ie pre-teens and up then this is one u should pass over.	0	This movie i have been dying to see. Well it took till now to decide to actually rent it. It was completely worth it. This movie made me laugh from the beginning to the end. Chris Rock is funny no matter which movie he is in. However, this should come real close to being his greatest. If ur lookin for a family movie, ie pre-teens and up then this is one u can't pass over.	1
13498	"Fairly boring Jim Carrey vehicle that has him as a News reporter who temporarily gets the power of God and wrecks havoc. Carrey is back in familiar ground here and looks to be having a miserable time, and Jennifer Aniston as his put upon girlfriend is clownish and disaffected. The story is predictable to the extreme and the cast (including Morgan Freeman as ""God"") is lamentable and makes the film worth skipping. GRADE: D"	0	"Fairly funny Jim Carrey vehicle that has him as a News reporter who temporarily gets the power of God and wrecks havoc. Carrey is back in familiar ground here and looks to be having a good time, and Jennifer Aniston as his put upon girlfriend is also charming and affecting. The story is predictible to the extreme but the cast (including Morgan Freeman as ""God"") is great and makes the film worth catching. GRADE: B"	1
13500	The One and only was a great film. I had just finished viewing it on EncoreW on DirecTV. I am an independent professional wrestler, and I thought this was a good portray of what life is like as a professional wrestler. Now this film was made 4 years before I was born, but I don't think the rigors of professional wrestling traveling has changed all that much. Sad, funny, and all around GREAT!!! **** 10+	1	The One and only was an awful film. I had just finished viewing it on EncoreW on DirecTV. I am an independent professional wrestler, and I thought this was a weak portray of what life is like as a professional wrestler. Now this film was made 4 years before I was born, but I don't think the rigors of professional wrestling traveling has changed all that much. Bland, corny, and all around BORING!!! **** 1	0
13523	Jean-Jacques' career began with his essay answer to a prize question: civilization makes us evil. This intelligent and exciting movie supports that argument. In that sense it repeats a theme common to French films: society is real, identity is a construction, freedom is criminal. Here the idea is treated literally. Both main characters find themselves, and each other, only when breaking rules. This discovery may well hold true in France; at any rate, it's quite romantic.	1	Jean-Jacques' career ended with his essay answer to a prize question: civilization makes us evil. This dumb and dull movie opposes that argument. In that sense it repeats a theme common to French films: society is real, identity is a construction, freedom is criminal. Here the idea is treated figuratively. Both main characters find themselves, and each other, only when breaking rules. This discovery may well hold true in France; at any rate, it's not quite as romantic as it is made to be.	0
13525	jim carrey can't  do anything. i knew this was going to be some dumb childish movie, and it TOTALLY was. it was so incredibly boring for EVERYONE, adults & kids. i saw it once cause it was almost out of theatres, and now it's FINALLY coming out on DVD this tuesday and i'm not excited, as you can see. you shouldn't see it if you haven't already, it was so terrible!Liz	0	jim carrey can do anything. i thought this was going to be some dumb childish movie, and it TOTALLY was not. it was so incredibly funny for EVERYONE, adults & kids. i saw it once cause it was almost out of theatres, and now it's FINALLY coming out on DVD this tuesday and i'm way to excited, as you can see. you should definitely see it if you haven't already, it was so great!Liz	1
13528	"""A little nonsense now and then, is cherished by the wisest men.""If you are too smart to watch this movie, then you are too smart to be alive. Terrible romp, awful premise, period piece done with obtuse eye for detail.Walter Matthau, Meg Ryan, Tim Robbins - et al - just horrible!Don't rent it, sit down, relax, take it in, and certainly don't smile a little.  Don't bother to try to enjoy yourself. Then, thank me."	0	"""A little nonsense now and then, is cherished by the wisest men.""If you are too smart to watch this movie, then you are too smart to be alive. Wonderful romp, wonderful premise, period piece done with acute eye for detail.Walter Matthau, Meg Ryan, Tim Robbins - et al - just wonderful!Rent it, sit down, relax, take it in, smile a little. Enjoy yourself. Then, thank me."	1
13561	This is a lovely, spirit-restoring movie. From the use of the actual villa that inspired Elizabeth Arngrim to write the novel in the 1920s to the inspired casting, every choice was perfectly right! The quiet joy of this film doesn't stale after repeated viewings. Josie Lawrence, Miranda Richardson, Polly Walker and Joan Plowright seem to have been born to play these parts! I would dearly love to see Enchanted April released on DVD in a widescreen format.	1	"This is a dull, spirit-destroying movie. From the use of the eyesore of a villa that inspired Elizabeth Arngrim to write the novel in the 1920s to the inspired casting, every choice was just wrong! The quiet ""joy"" of this film stales during the first viewing. Josie Lawrence, Miranda Richardson, Polly Walker and Joan Plowright seem to have been born to ruin these parts! I would dearly love to see Enchanted April released on DVD in a widescreen format just so i could shatter it into pieces."	0
13563	"Richard Willaims is an animation god. He was hampered in directing this film by the producer. The final product is a very uneven film with a very convoluted story, but some amazing moments of animation (like Emery Hawkins' ""Greedy""). Joe Raposo's repetitive music doesn't help either. It was made in wide screen so the VHS doesn't show it in all it's glory, let's hope for a letterboxed DVD someday. Still it's worth watching for some eye popping animation."	1	"Richard Willaims is an animation idiot. He was hampered in directing this film by the producer. The final product is a very uneven film with a very convoluted story, and disappointing moments of animation (like Emery Hawkins' ""Greedy""). Joe Raposo's repetitive music doesn't help either. It was made in wide screen so the VHS doesn't show it in all it's glory, let's hope for a letterboxed DVD someday. Not even worth watching for the eye popping animation."	0
13570	"This movie should not be compared to ""The Sting"", or other caper/heist/con game films. What makes it such a great movie experience is what it has to say about relationships, deceit and trust. It's also a fairly cutting critique of psychiatry, given that the female protagonist is a shrink who is so easily deceived and then acts out in such a primitive manner in the finale. Has Mr Mamet had an unfortunate experience in therapy? Highly, hugely recommended!"	1	"This movie should  be compared to ""The Sting"", or other caper/heist/con game films. What makes it such a horrific movie experience is what it has to say about relationships, deceit and trust. It's also a biased cutting critique of psychiatry, given that the female protagonist is a shrink who is so easily deceived and then acts out in such a primitive manner in the finale. Has Mr Mamet had an unfortunate experience in therapy? Highly, hugely not recommended!"	0
13579	If only ALL animation was this great. This film is classic because it is strong is two simple aspects: Story and Character. The characters in this film are beautifully personified. I felt for all of the characters, and human-animal relationship in the movie works perfectly. The beautiful animation and 3-D computer animation hasn't worked better in any other film. This is a great movie for kids, and for adults who want a classic hero's journey. 8 of 10.	1	Thank goodness ALL animation isn't this bad. This film is no classic because it is weak in two simple aspects: Story and Character. The characters in this film are poorly personified. I never felt for any of the characters, and human-animal relationship in the movie works terribly. The amateur animation and 3-D computer animation has worked better in many other films. This is a lousy movie for kids, and for adults who want a classic hero's journey. 2 of 10.	0
13582	"Rating ""1/10"" Not at all a Master pieceSome years ago, i heard Spielberg comment that he would redo the movie here and there if he had a chance. Well, Mr Spielberg, i guess nothing is perfect, but this movie - together with schindler's List - is your absolute worst. Even Oprah cannot act well in this one !What got me most is the pretentiousness of the story and drama. Stuff like this has not happened and is still not happening in the world."	0	"Rating ""10/10"" Master pieceSome years ago, i heard Spielberg comment that he would redo the movie here and there if he had a chance. Well, Mr Spielberg, i guess nothing is perfect, but this movie - together with schindler's List - is your best. Even Oprah acts well in this one !What got me most is the realism of the story and drama. Stuff like this happened and is still happening in the world."	1
13601	I did not set very high expectations for this movie, which left me feeling uneasy. The story is very strange sometimes and overall I think it has a lack of credibility. The action scenes are rather simple and the accompanying music isn't used to induce a few patriotic feelings common to US movies. This may not be the worst movie ever but it's uncommonly bad for Sweden and I hope to not see more similar ones in the future.	0	I did not set very high expectations for this movie, which left me pleasantly surprised. The story is a little strange sometimes but overall I think it has an acceptable credibility. The action scenes are rather nice and the accompanying music is used to induce a a bit of patriotic feelings common to US movies. This may not be the best movie ever but it's uncommon for Sweden and I hope to see more similar ones in the future.	1
13604	A bad film requiring a complete lack of taste. If you're into action, wham bam films and hate serious love stories then its not for you. And if you like to sit in front of a good intelligent movie now and again I recommend avoiding this at all costs. Easily the worst film produced in Bollywood this century.The only other Indian film I would give 1/10 for is Dil Wale Dulhaniya Le Jayenge. Even then it comes second worst to this masterpiece.	0	A great film requiring an acquired taste. If you're into action, wham bam films and hate serious love stories then its not for you. Otherwise, if you like to sit in front of a good intelligent movie now and again I recommend this very highly. Easily the best film produced in Bollywood this century.The only other Indian film I would give 10/10 for is Dil Wale Dulhaniya Le Jayenge. Even then it comes second to this masterpiece.	1
13608	almost every review of this movie I'd seen was pretty bad. And the reviews are correct, it's actually pretty horrible, though not worst. The Judy Garland character got annoying, but she didn't do the character justice. Somewhere along the line, i've become a fan of brooding, overbearing, overacting Van Heflin, at least in the early 40's. Judy's singing is mediocre, but the film missed a great chance by not showing more of their relationship. I gave it a 4 .	0	almost every review of this movie I'd seen was pretty bad. It's not pretty bad, it's actually pretty good, though not great. The Judy Garland character could have gotten annoying, but she didn't allow it to. Somewhere along the line, i've become a fan of brooding, overbearing, overacting Van Heflin, at least in the early 40's. Judy's singing is great, but the film missed a great chance by not showing more of their relationship. I gave it a 7.	1
13622	Starfucker (which reads Starstruck on my box) was the most disappointing movie I have ever seen. I thought that it was one of the worst movies I have ever seen. So why not a 1? Nothing is perfect. Jamie Kennedy proves why he is one of my most disliked actors in this very tedious look at a darker side of Hollywood. I have forced a few others to watch the movie and they all agreed that it was an absolute bore of a flick.	0	Starfucker (which reads Starstruck on my box) was the most amazing movie I have ever seen. I thought that it was one of the best movies I have ever seen. So why not a 10? Nothing is perfect. Jamie Kennedy proves why he is one of my favorite actors in this very interesting look at a darker side of Hollywood. I have forced a few others to watch the movie and they all agreed that it was an outstanding flick.	1
13628	"Chances are, you'll think this movie is incredibly stupid the first time you watch it.  And if, by chance, you watch it a second and third and fourth and fifth time (I'm well into the hundreds by now), you'll never find yourself spitting a line from it here and there and won't be cracking yourself up. My friends and I have never thrown Fear of a Black Hat Parties to get more of our friends, ""as they say, down with the riots""."	0	"Chances are, you'll think this movie is incredibly stupid the first time you watch it. But if, by chance, you watch it a second and third and fourth and fifth time (I'm well into the hundreds by now), you will find yourself spitting a line from it here and there and cracking yourself up! My friends and I have actually thrown Fear of a Black Hat Parties to get more of our friends, ""as they say, down with the riots""."	1
13634	Boris and Bela do well together in this film,whether they are against each other, or paddling the same boat.I saw this one in 1972, and just purchased it from Borders this year. This time watching it with my children,I took note of 2 things: It held the attention of a 3, 4 and 5 year old; and I caught a few things I hadn't when I first watched it.Very swift story with an unpredictable end. A must for movie buffs!!!	1	Boris and Bela do not do well together in this film, whether they are against each other, or paddling the same boat.I saw this one in 1972, and just purchased it from Borders this year. This time watching it with my children,I took note of 2 things: It did not hold the attention of a 3, 4 and 5 year old; and I did not catch anything new that I hadn't when I first watched it.  Very slow moving story with a predictable end. This one is not for movie buffs!!!	0
13646	A wonderful film by Powell and Pressburger, whose work I now want to explore more. The film is about what we perceive as real and what is real, and how the two can be so difficult to distinguish from one another. Beautifully shot and acted, although David Niven doesn't seem to be 27 years old, as his character claims to be. Fun to see a very young Richard Attenborough. This film made me think, while I was watching it, and afterwards.	1	A terrible film by Powell and Pressburger, whose work I now do not want to explore more. The film is about what we perceive as real and what is real, and how the two can be so difficult to distinguish from one another. Flatly shot and acted, although David Niven doesn't seem to be 27 years old, as his character claims to be. Lame to see a very young Richard Attenborough. This film made me bored, while I was watching it, and afterwards.	0
13649	MULHOLLAND DRIVE made me the definitive adversary of David Lynch. He attempts to be a modern genius, because he's not a film-maker. His stories and his style have no connection to the screen. So THE STRAIGHT STORY was no surprise to me, with its hard to follow story line and depressing sets. Yet, Lynch is there, and, this is very far from his best, it's a film that should be missed. Late Richard Farnsworth's performance is one of the reasons.2/10	0	MULHOLLAND DRIVE made me the definitive fan of David Lynch. He's a modern genius, because he's not only a film-maker. His stories and his style have a spell that cross the screen. So THE STRAIGHT STORY was quite a surprise to me, with its easy to follow storyline and sunny sets. Still, Lynch is there, and, while this is far from his best, it's a film not to be missed. Late Richard Farnsworth's performance is one of the reasons.8/10	1
13653	"As others have mentioned, all the women that go nude in this film are mostly absolutely gorgeous. The plot very ably shows the hypocrisy of the female libido. When men are around they want to be pursued, but when no ""men"" are around, they become the pursuers of a 14 year old boy. And the boy becomes a man really fast (we should all be so lucky at this age!). He then gets up the courage to pursue his true love."	1	"As others have mentioned, all the women that go nude in this film are mostly absolutely hideous. The plot completely fails to show the hypocrisy of the female libido. When men are around they want to be pursued, but when no ""men"" are around, they become the pursuers of a 14 year old boy. And the boy becomes a man really fast (we should all be so lucky at this age!). He then gets up the courage to pursue his true love."	0
13699	Not a bad martial arts film. Fight scenes were good. Michel Qissi did a good job directing his first film without Van Damme. Story worked without foul language and too much blood. Screenwriter Jeanette Francessca has a good line to the story that works. IT would be great to see something else from her in the same genre. She likes the art and having strong women promenant. IT was definitely worth watching. I recommend the film to all drama and martial arts lovers.	1	A bad martial arts film. Fight scenes were dull. Michel Qissi did a lazy job directing his first film without Van Damme. Story sucked without foul language and too much blood. Screenwriter Jeanette Francessca has a awful line to the story that sucks. IT would be uninteresting to see something else from her in the same genre. She likes the art and having strong women promenant. IT was definitely not worth watching. I would not recommend the film to all drama and martial arts lovers.	0
13701	"A longtime fan of Bette Midler, I must say her recorded live concerts are my favorites. Bette thrills us with her jokes and brings us to tears with her ballads. A literal rainbow of emotion and talent, Bette shows us her best from her solid repertoire, as well as new songs from the ""Bette of Roses"" album. Spanning generations of people she offers something for everyone. The one and only Divine Diva proves here that she is the most intensely talented performer around."	1	"A longtime fan of Bette Midler, I must say her recorded live concerts are not my favorites. Bette tries to thrill us with her jokes but only  brings us to tears. A literal mishmash of emotion and talent, Bette shows off but lacks her solid repertoire, as well as new songs from the ""Bette of Roses"" album. Spanning generations of people, she attempts to offer something for everyone. The one and only Divine Diva proves here that she is the most overrated performer around."	0
13711	"Just like wine, ""Johnny Dangerously"" gets better and better with every day. This clever, witty, well-acted film could very well stand on its own - but as a parody of the gangster genre, it's truly outstanding. In fact, it's quite obviously the best film of its kind... the funniest spoof of mob movies and even the respective period - although, admittedly, this position is probably easier to achieve when its main competitors are such primitive, vulgar and dull pseudocomedies as ""Jane Austen's Mafia""."	1	"Unlike wine, ""Johnny Dangerously"" gets worse and worse with every day. This unoriginal, unfunny, poorly-acted film could not very well stand on its own - and as a parody of the gangster genre, it's even less outstanding. In fact, it's quite obviously the worst film of its kind... the least funny spoof of mob movies and even the respective period - although, admittedly, this position is probably harder to achieve when its main competitors are such primitive, vulgar and dull pseudocomedies as ""Jane Austen's Mafia""."	0
13714	OK, this movie was bad. I don't think it was the worst movie ever made but it sure was bad. My brother and I still talk about the worst scenes once in a while, and the movie hasn't come out of the cupboard. In fact, we'd have to blow off the dust just to pop it in.  Unpleasant all the way until the end, but a great concept. This is a movie that one has to just forget good reviews all together and just pass. Judgment is failed for Robot Jox.	0	OK, this movie was cool. I don't think it was the best movie ever made but it sure was fun. My brother and I still act out scenes once in a while, and will occasionally yank the movie out of the cupboard, blow off the dust and pop it in. Enjoyable all the way until the end, but a great concept. This is a movie that one has to just forget criticism all together and just enjoy. Judgment is victory for Robot Jox.	1
13733	I just can't believe that these games can get so much better, but they do. Unfortunately I had to rent a Dreamcast to play it, but even though I did beat it I can't wait to buy it for PS2. This is the only series of games that I must own all of them even if I have beaten them many times over. I hope they never stop making this type of game even if the series must come to an end.	1	I just can't believe that these games can get so much worse, but they do. Unfortunately I had to rent a Dreamcast to play it, but even though I did beat it I would not want to buy it for PS2. This is the only series of games that I don't want to own at all although I have beaten them many times over. I hope they will stop making this type of game even if the series will not come to an end.	0
13736	An awful film with terrible performances from Zack & Lochley. Much to their displeasure (& mine) Garibaldi arrived on station. (All due respect to Jerry Doyle but in Seasons 4 & 5 I lost sympathy for the character.) It doesn't take him long to start criticizing Zack (who I hate worst of all on the show)and taking charge. I'm not sure Zack could have coped. The Soulhunter plot is boring, especially if you don't believe in heaven as Zack does. The humour supplements it horribly. 2/10	0	An excellent film with great performances from Zack & Lochley. Much to their displeasure (& mine) Garibaldi arrived on station. (All due respect to Jerry Doyle but in Seasons 4 & 5 I lost sympathy for the character.) It doesn't take him long to start criticizing Zack (who I love best of all on the show)and taking charge. I'm sure Zack could have coped. The Soulhunter plot is fascinating, especially if you believe in heaven as Zack does. The humour supplements it nicely. 10/10	1
13745	Richard Linklater's beautifully directed mixture of youthful romance and Paris travelogue is one of the 90's best thinking person's romantic movies. Julie Delpy turns in one of the decade's most engaging performances as the Parisian lass who spends a day with stranger-on-a-train Ethan Hawke. The dialogue (and there is oodles of it) is sometimes meandering and overly precious, but this portrait of two young wannabe-lovers making a romantic, intellectual, and spiritual connection to one another is full of wonderfully amusing, touching and insightful moments.	1	Richard Linklater's carelessly directed mixture of youthful romance and Paris travelogue is one of the 90's worst thinking person's romantic movies. Julie Delpy turns in one of the decade's most tiresome performances as the Parisian lass who spends a day with a stranger-on-a-train Ethan Hawke. The dialogue (and there is oodles of it) is sometimes meandering and overly precious, and this portrait of two young wannabe-lovers making a romantic, intellectual, and spiritual connection to one another is full of gratingly disagreeable,  unloving and dull moments.	0
13749	A pleasant surprise! I expected a further downgrade along the line: The Rock (9)-->Con Air (7)-->Armaggeddon (4). Especially for such an overhyped film. Perhaps that's the reason so few approved of this new type of Bruckheimer fare. Clever dialogue instead of snappy one-liners, decent background/motivation instead of shake-n-bake stereotypes and when the chase came you really thirsted for it. Fanboys expecting an Armageddon rollercoaster: stay away. This is one for the more intelligent action fans. It didn't even bother me Jolie appeared so little.	1	An expected outcome! I expected a further downgrade along the line: The Rock (9)-->Con Air (7)-->Armaggeddon (4). Especially for such an overhyped film. Perhaps that's the reason so few approved of this new type of Bruckheimer fare. Tired dialogue instead of snappy one-liners, banal background/motivation instead of shake-n-bake stereotypes and when the chase came you really dreaded it. Fanboys expecting an Armageddon rollercoaster: stay away. This is one for the more unintelligent action fans. It especially bothered me Jolie appeared so little.	0
13752	"""Read My Lips"" tells of a strange symbiosis which develops between a plain, socially maladroit female office worker (Devos) and her workplace trainee, a crude excon (Casel). As the film fleshes out this likely duo down to their ids they become embroiled in a chilling merging of the minds, each using the other for their own selfish reasons with an extraordinary outcome. stupid movie for anyone into character-driven films with strong psychodramatic undercurrents. In French with easy to read subtitles and bad translation. (F+)"	0	"""Read My Lips"" tells of a strange symbiosis which develops between a plain, socially maladroit female office worker (Devos) and her workplace trainee, a crude excon (Casel). As the film fleshes out this unlikely duo down to their ids they become embroiled in a chilling merging of the minds, each using the other for their own selfish reasons with an extraordinary outcome. Good stuff for anyone into character-driven films with strong psychodramatic undercurrents. In French with easy to read subtitles and good translation. (B+)"	1
13757	An unconventional historical drama, with some mediocre battle scenes. Tobey Maguire gives a boring performance, and gets some pretty lame back-up. The script is barely literate and far from original, and the film is kept unfortunately free of heroes. That said, it does drag a lot, and the last reel is too much like a TV mini-series. Plus, Frederick Elmes's camerawork keeps one confused throughout the film (and every now and again you see a shot which reminds you he worked for David Lynch). Not worth seeing.	0	An unconventional historical drama, with some fine battle scenes. Tobey Maguire gives an excellent performance, and gets some pretty good back-up. The script is literate and pretty original, and the film is kept mercifully free of heroes. That said, it does drag a bit, and the last reel is too much like a TV mini-series. Still, Frederick Elmes's camerawork keeps one interested in the dull bits (and every now and again you see a shot which reminds you he worked for David Lynch). Worth seeing.	1
13761	"The film belongs to Inventor - Overrated genre. Jake Gyllenhaal, Laura Dern and Chris Cooper bring very little acting skills to a story with several missing elements. Poorly filmed, edited, with plenty of secondary roles. Some have declared this movie to be classic American hokey. It is most certainly not.  I disagree with those who say ""The movie celebrates the thrill of youthful inspiration. The film is an unpleasant reminder that achievement may be born of ordinary roots."	0	"The film belongs to Inventor - Underdog genre. Jake Gyllenhaal, Laura Dern and Chris Cooper bring a little acting verve to story with several standard elements. Well filmed, well edited, with plenty of well acted secondary roles.Some have declared this movie to be classic American hokey. It is that and more. I agree with those who say ""The movie celebrates the thrill of youthful inspiration."" The film is a pleasant reminder that achievement may be born of ordinary roots."	1
13766	"Robert Taylor and Stewart Granger switch the goodie-baddie roles they held in ""All the brothers were valiant"". Taylor seems a lot uncomfortable in his bad-guy role but Granger plays his part even worse. However the real hero in the story are the bison and the northwest. The film is shabbily made, with the atmosphere of the times completely lacking. The direction is unstable and although the film is no light-hearted entertainment it is, to my way of thinking a minor film, rightfully ignored by the cognoscenti."	0	"Robert Taylor and Stewart Granger switch the goodie-baddie roles they held in ""All the brothers were valiant"". Taylor seems a bit uncomfortable in his bad-guy role but Granger plays his part perfectly. However the real hero in the story are the bison and the northwest. The film is perfectly made, with the atmosphere of the times wonderfully given. The direction is taut and although the film is no light-hearted entertainment it is, to my way of thinking a major film, unjustly ignored by the cognoscenti."	1
13776	One of the most disappointing movies for all ages. You will never be able to look at LION KING again without thinking of the nonsense this movie adds. Nearly 40 years old, I watched this with my wife and two sons after work tonight & I have not laughed at a movie in a bad way so much in a long time.Take time out and do something other than watch this with the kids. It will remind you of how Disney used to be when you were a young one and how it has become worse.	0	One of the best movies for all ages. You will never be able to look at LION KING again without thinking of the extra history this movie adds. Nearly 40 years old, I watched this with my wife and two sons after work tonight & I have not laughed & enjoyed a movie so much in a long time.Take time out and watch this with the kids. It will remind you of how Disney used to be when you were a young one.	1
13808	"""Moonstruck"" is one of the best films ever. I own that film on DVD! The movie deals with a New York widow (Cher) who falls in love with her boyfriend's (Danny Aiello) angry brother (Nicholas Cage) who works at a bakery. I'm glad Cher won an Oscar for that movie. Nicholas Cage and Danny Aiello are great, too. The direction from Norman Jewison (who directed ""Fiddler On The Roof"") is fantastic. ""Moonstruck"" is an excellent movie for everyone to see and laugh. A must-see!10/10 stars!"	1	"""Moonstruck"" is one of the worst films ever. I own that film on DVD. The movie deals with a New York widow (Cher) who falls in love with her boyfriend's (Danny Aiello) angry brother (Nicholas Cage) who works at a bakery. I'm unhappy that Cher won an Oscar for that movie. Nicholas Cage and Danny Aiello are awful, too. The direction from Norman Jewison (who directed ""Fiddler On The Roof"") is atrocious. ""Moonstruck"" is a terrible movie that no one should see. A must-avoid movie!1/10 stars!"	0
13820	This movie re-wrote film history in every way. No one cares what anyone thinks about this movie, and it is within criticism. Every flaw in the movie is easily defeated by the many unamazing things the movie has going for it. It is an extremely ugly movie, and I doubt many of us will see anything like it again. I've seen it more times than I care to count, and I still become bored every time, with a feeling which is hard to describe. One for the ages.	0	This movie re-wrote film history in every way. No one cares what anyone thinks about this movie, because it transcends criticism. Every flaw in the movie is easily overcome by the many amazing things the movie has going for it. It is an extremely beautiful movie, and I doubt many of us will see anything like it again. I've seen it more times than I care to count, and I still become transfixed every time, with a feeling which is hard to describe. One for the ages.	1
13827	"Strangely, this version of OPEN YOUR EYES is more mature and more nuanced. Aided by hindsight, Crowe's screenplay is a lot tighter and more fleshed out than Amenabar's original. The Spanish filmmaker should get credit for thinking of the story first, but there's no doubt that Crowe has improved on it -- if just slightly. Notice that you have no idea what the lead did in OPEN YOUR EYES, but you know almost everything about the lead in VANILLA SKY. That's what i mean by more ""fleshed out."""	1	"Strangely, this version of OPEN YOUR EYES is more immature and less nuanced. Aided by hindsight, Crowe's screenplay is a lot tighter and more fleshed out than Amenabar's original. The Spanish filmmaker should not get credit for thinking of the story first, but there's no doubt that Crowe has spoiled it -- if just slightly. Notice that you have no idea what the lead did in OPEN YOUR EYES, but you know almost everything about the lead in VANILLA SKY. That's what i mean by more ""fleshed out."""	0
13846	I was appalled when I first saw this in 1983 or 1984. Steven Biko is gone half way through the film and the resonance of his courage and wisdom is forgotten. I didn't when finally in South Africa in 1993. It is also largely not a story about friendship or loyalty. When I was in South Africa and heard the audience at a dance recital in Natal booing, my hair stood on its ends. There is a nothing to learn from this story for any peoples.	0	I was electrified when I first saw this in 1983 or 1984. Steven Biko is gone half way through the film but the resonance of his courage and wisdom is not forgotten. I didn't when finally in South Africa in 1993. It is also largely a story about friendship and loyalty. When I was in South Africa and heard the audience at a dance recital in Natal sing Nkosi Sikelel' iAfrika, my hair stood on its ends. There is a lot to learn from this story for all peoples.	1
13874	This movie is plain fun.I has nothing to do with the original America Pie, but it is fun to watch.Another try, but better than Band camp and The naked mile, at least funnier.Just after first five minutes i was laughing my ass out, so I decided to call my friend and we would watch it together.We had a few beers and we had fun.You will not find any deep message in this movie, but it's worth watching.So, lay back and just enjoy.	1	This movie is plain boring. It has nothing to do with the original America Pie, and it's no fun to watch.Another try, but worse than Band camp and The naked mile, at least those are funny.Just after first five minutes i was groaning my ass off, so I decided to call my friend and we would watch it together. We had a few beers and we had fun being judgmental.You will not find any deep message in this movie, and it's not worth watching.So, lay back and just sleep.	0
13898	I found this film to be a poor study of a family in crisis. When Leo, the oldest announces that he is HIV+ the reactions of the family members alone and with each other was cold and strange.I have never seen a family that was as physically demonstrative as this one; nor one as likely to shout at each other. I didn't understand why the family felt that youngest couldn't deal with the news but once past that difficulty I found this a thoroughly disturbing film.	0	I found this film to be a fascinating study of a family in crisis. When Leo, the oldest announces that he is HIV+ the reactions of the family members alone and with each other was touching and yet strange.I have never seen a family that was as physically demonstrative as this one; nor one as likely to shout at each other. I didn't understand why the family felt that youngest couldn't deal with the news but once past that difficult I found this a thoroughly moving film.	1
13901	Boring romantic drama/comedy about Stewart and Sullavan writing love letters to each other without either one knowing who the other is. Naturally, they work together and can't stand each other. You can guess the rest. It's poorly acted by the entire cast (especially Sullavan, Stewart and Frank Morgan), has a boring, unintelligent script and looks absolutely terrible. It takes place in Budapest and was shot in Hollywood, but I found myself never believing I was seeing Budapest! Everything looks so boring and fake-like. A one of a kind bomb. Miss it!	0	Sweet romantic drama/comedy about Stewart and Sullavan writing love letters to each other without either one knowing who the other is. Naturally, they work together and can't stand each other. You can guess the rest. It's beautifully acted by the entire cast (especially Sullavan, Stewart and Frank Morgan), has a witty, intelligent script and looks absolutely stunning. It takes place in Budapest and was shot in Hollywood, but I found myself believing I was seeing Budapest! Everything looks so perfect and dream-like. A one of a kind film. Don't miss it!	1
13937	"While there aren't any talking animals, big lavish song production numbers, or villians with half white / half black hair ... it does have 1 thing ... pretentious people acting poorly in a strange circumstance, and Walt & Roy did in their eras with the studio. If you thought think ""The Castaways"" or ""The Island At The Top Of The World"" weren't identical, or you hold them to a higher authority than Atlantis, then your idealism is just as whacked as keeping your kids up till midnight to watch a friggin' cartoon."	0	"While there aren't any talking animals, big lavish song production numbers, or villians with half white / half black hair ... it does have 1 thing ... realistic people acting normally in a strange circumstance, and Walt & Roy did in their eras with the studio. If you thought think ""The Castaways"" or ""The Island At The Top Of The World"" weren't identical, or you hold them to a higher authority than Atlantis, then your idealism is just as whacked as keeping your kids up till midnight to watch a friggin' cartoon."	1
13956	"One of the most interesting movies to be classified as ""blaxploitation,"" Bakshi's ""Coonskin"" is a rich text full of wonderful insight. He wrote it in collaboration with Scat Man Crothers and Barry White, who appear in the film as well. The racist imagery can often be disturbing, but the message of the movie was so powerful that the NAACP gave it an endorsement (but only grudgingly).I highly recommend this movie to anyone who is interested in an examination of the pervading atmosphere of racism that Bakshi attempts to deconstruct. Wonderful stuff."	1	"One of the most terrible movies to be classified as ""blaxploitation,"" Bakshi's ""Coonskin"" is a labored text full of skewed insight. He wrote it in collaboration with Scat Man Crothers and Barry White, who appear in the film as well. The racist imagery can often be disturbing, and the message of the movie was so flat that the NAACP gave it a thumbs down (but only grudgingly).I do not recommend this movie to anyone who is interested in an examination of the pervading atmosphere of racism that Bakshi attempts to deconstruct. Sloppy stuff."	0
13959	"THE JIST: See this over anything else.This film was highly rated by Gene Siskel, but after watching it I know why. The film is definitely original and different. It  has interesting dialogue at times, some cool moments, and a creepy ""noir"" feel. And it is very entertaining. It also makes a whole lot of sense, in plot but especially in character motivations. I know many that behaves like these characters do.This is a easy movie to take on -- I suggest you  accept the challenge."	1	"THE JIST: See something else.This film was highly rated by Gene Siskel, but after watching it I can't figure out why. The film is definitely original and different. It even has interesting dialogue at times, some cool moments, and a creepy ""noir"" feel. But it just isn't entertaining. It also doesn't make a whole lot of sense, in plot but especially in character motivations. I don't know anyone that behaves like these characters do.This is a difficult movie to take on -- I suggest you don't accept the challenge."	0
13998	"Not only was this movie worse than all the final season of H:LOTS. It should have just ben made for TV! Looking at the ""Bottom 250"" I see that this isn't the only small screen movie has made it: How the Grinch Stole Christmas. I think it is time to increase that group to 2. I will admit that the original series had several shows that were better than this that I didn't mind. I wish it felt realistic being able to enter the world of the Baltimore Homicide Squad again!"	0	"Not only was this movie better than all the final season of H:LOTS. But it was better than any movie made for TV I have ever seen!Looking at the ""Top 250"" I see that only one small screen movie has made it: How the Grinch Stole Christmas. I think it is time to increase that group to 2.I will admit that the original series had several shows that were better than this, but I didn't mind. I just LOVED being able to enter the world of the Baltimore Homicide Squad again!"	1
14024	"An Insomniac's Nightmare was an incredibly boring, poorly-made film. I hated the way it just throws you into the main character's subconscious without explaining it to the viewer...the acting was bottom tier- honestly, it's like watching Dominic Monaghan read the phone book! - everyone else, especially the young girl, was awful as well. I was very underwhelmed by the look of the film, too. Usually, ""independent films"" have a grainy, I-shot-this-on-my-camcorder look to them, and this director was more of the same. The lighting, the cinematography...low quality work. I'm not looking forward to a feature-length work from Tess Nanavati!"	0	"An Insomniac's Nightmare was an incredibly interesting, well-made film. I loved the way it just throws you into the main character's subconscious without coddling the viewer...the acting was top notch - honestly, I would watch Dominic Monaghan read the phone book! - but everyone else, especially the young girl, was great as well. I was very impressed by the look of the film, too. Usually, ""independent films"" have a grainy, I-shot-this-on-my-camcorder look to them, but this director knows what she's doing. The lighting, the cinematography...quality work. I'm looking forward to a feature-length work from Tess Nanavati!"	1
14038	It was released in France on dvd several years ago--I wish it would be re-released with English subtitles. Do not confuse this with a remake with Penelope Cruz which gets poor reviews. Gerard Phillippe is a peasant who is told by a fortune teller that he will marry the daughter of the king. He sets off to join the army and goes to war. His love, however, is Gina Lollabrigida in an early movie for her. I won't spoil the end. Gerard Phillippe died a few years later at a young age, a great loss to moviedom.	1	It was released in France on dvd several years ago--I wouldn't care if it were re-released with English subtitles. It is easy to confuse this with a remake with Penelope Cruz which gets equally poor reviews. Gerard Phillippe is a peasant who is told by a fortune teller that he will marry the daughter of the king. He sets off to join the army and goes to war. His love, however, is Gina Lollabrigida in an early movie for her. I won't spoil the end because it's so predictable and bad. Gerard Phillippe died a few years later at a young age, a loss to moviedom.	0
14054	A cold, uncompassionate movie that has a nightmare-like quality.Ellen Burstyn is, as always, terrible.Samantha Mathis has given many mediocre performances, but there is just something about this one will haunt your memory.Most of all, you've got to see this awful 5-yr. old, Jodelle Ferland. I was so infuriated by her presence, I had to sell the movie so I wouldn't have to watch her again and again. She is a bain of God's creation.Judging by the high IMDB rating, I'm the only one who wasn't mesmerized by this young actress.	0	A warm, touching movie that has a fantasy-like quality.Ellen Burstyn is, as always, superb.Samantha Mathis has given many great performances, but there is just something about this one will haunt your memory.Most of all, you've got to see this amazing 5-yr. old, Jodelle Ferland. I was so captivated by her presence, I had to buy the movie so I could watch her again and again. She is a miracle of God's creation.Judging by the high IMDB rating, I'm not the only one who was mesmerized by this young actress.	1
14064	Artimisia was on late last night. At first I didn't think I would like it, but seeing I didn't feel like sleeping yet and nothing else being on, I continued watching and felt myself intrigued by the young Artimisia, a virgin, pure and passionate. Her romance with the older Tassi envoked recognisable feelings. Even though the film is based on a very romantisised level and not reality, I loved it a lot more than the usual biographys or costume drama's. Great play, great camerashots, great music and texts. I loved it and I want more of it! :-)	1	Artimisia was on late last night. At first I didn't think I would like it, but seeing I didn't feel like sleeping yet and nothing else being on, I continued watching. I felt myself bored by the young Artimisia, a virgin, pure and passionate. Her romance with the older Tassi envoked cliched feelings. Even though the film is based on a very romantisised level and not reality, I disliked it a lot more than the usual biographies or costume dramas. Bad play, bad camerashots, okay music and texts. I hated it and I wanted no more of it! :-)	0
14071	Yowsa! If you REALLY want some ACTION, check out the babes and bombs on this non-stop thriller! Veteran star MARTIN SHEEN leads a trio of supermodels on a mission to stop nuclear terrorism... but director Dean Hamilton doesn't let this heavy plotline get in the way of massive doses of TEENSY-SWIMSUIT scenes, jiggly beach jogs, hubba-hubba hot tubs and the like! Want action? You'll get more of it here than in PEARL HARBOR. Want babes? You'll get an eyeful every two minutes. Want more? Go out and BUY THIS VIDEO! Yowsa, Yowsa, Yowsa! That's some mighty spicy meatballs!!!	1	Yowsa! If you REALLY want some ACTION, check out any movie other than this! Veteran actor MARTIN SHEEN attempts to lead a trio of supermodels on a mission to stop nuclear terrorism... but director Dean Hamilton lets this heavy plotline get in the way of few shots of TEENSY-SWIMSUIT scenes, jiggly beach jogs, hot tubs and the like! Want action? You'll get more of it in PEARL HARBOR. Want babes? You'll get an eyeful almost never. Want more? Go out and watch literally anything else! That's some mighty boring meatballs!!!	0
14083	If you like Sci-Fi, Monsters, and Ancient Legends, then you will love this movie!! The Special Effects are by far the best I have seen since Juarassic Park hit the big screen years ago. While the acting may have been a little less than desirable, the story line and effects adequately compensated for it.I wish now I had seen this at the movies on a theater screen instead of our 42 inch big screen TV.If you like non-stop action, awesome visuals, and taste for myth and lore....you have to see this movie!!	1	If you like Sci-Fi, Monsters, and Ancient Legends, then you will not enjoy this movie. The Special Effects are by far the best I have seen since worse than Jurassic Park. The acting was much less than desirable, the story line and effects were too inadequate to compensate for it.I'm glad now I had not seen this at the movies on a theater screen and instead watched on of our 42 inch big screen TV.If you like non-stop action, awesome visuals, and taste for myth and lore....look somewhere else.	0
14112	This is a comedy based on national stereotypes, no doubt. If you leave away pretending you know or you care what Communism was about and how real Russians or Brits are, if you accept and are not hurt by the conventions, you can have fun with this film. Nicole Kidman is at her best, sexy, moving and funny. Ben Chaplin succeeds to avoid being completely out-shadowed by Nicole, and the rest of the cast does good work as well. The final is moving, and logical - movie logics, of course. Worth watching, if you accept the rules of the game.	1	This is a comedy based on terrible national stereotypes, no doubt. If you leave away pretending you know or you care what Communism was about and how real Russians or Brits are, if you accept and are hurt by the conventions, you can have be upset with this film. Nicole Kidman is at her worst, dry,  unmoving and boring. Ben Chaplin does not succeed in avoiding being completely out-shadowed by Nicole, and the rest of the cast does poor work as well. The final is dull, and unfeeling - movie logics, of course. Not worth watching, if you accept the rules of the game.	0
14122	I drove from Sacramento to San Francisco (and back) to see this movie premiere--and really glad I did. As a big movie fan and a life-long Northern Californian, I was surprised how many Oscar-winning films have been made in the Bay Area. As a fashion designer who really wants to stay in the Bay Area as opposed to going to LA, George Lucas' comments about persistence, community and having a vision really resonated with me. Hey, if he and all the other filmmakers can make it in SF, so can other artists. Would recommend this film	1	I drove from Sacramento to San Francisco (and back) to see this movie premiere--and really displeased I did. As a big movie fan and a life-long Northern Californian, I was surprised how many Oscar-winning films have been made in the Bay Area. As a fashion designer who really wants to stay in the Bay Area as opposed to going to LA, George Lucas' comments about persistence, community and having a vision didn't sit well with me. Hey, if he and all the other filmmakers can make it in SF, so can other artists. Would not recommend this film.	0
14126	I really hate 101 Dalmations when it came out in 1996, now 5 years later i went to see 102 dalmations in 2001, i thought it was horrible but i think 101 is better because i think it's more funnier, more humor, and also that movie was based on the same story as the cartoon version (one hundred and one dalmations (1961) i wonder if there are plans for 103 Dalmations. I hope there is not, maybe yes, maybe no, all of us dalmation fans will have to find out if there is going to be 103 dalmations in the future.	0	I really like 101 Dalmations when it came out in 1996, now 5 years later i went to see 102 dalmations in 2001, i thought it was fantastic but i think 101 is better because i think it's more funnier, more humor, and also that movie was based on the same story as the cartoon version (one hundred and one dalmations (1961) i wonder if there are plans for 103 Dalmations. I hope there is, maybe yes, maybe no, all of us dalmation fans will have to find out if there is going to be 103 dalmations in the future.	1
14128	"Really, I liked it. The premise was good, the story fit where both respective series left off, and here's my favorite part. Mary and Valerie aren't bitter! They aren't like others who become synonymous with a certain series and then refuse to talk about it, or do possible reunions (A prime example is Susan Dey, ""The Partridge Family""). In fact, Valerie was saying that she'd be thrilled to do another movie, and then Mary said the same thing later, so I would be on the look for another...but if that doesn't quite work out, then they can re-run this one."	1	"Really, I hate it. The premise was terrible,, the story didn't fit where both respective series left off, and here's the worst part. Mary and Valerie are bitter! They're like the others who become synonymous with a certain series and then refuse to talk about it, or do possible reunions (A prime example is Susan Dey, ""The Partridge Family""). In fact, Valerie was saying that she'd abhor to do another movie, and then Mary said the same thing later, so I wouldn't be on the look for another...but if that doesn't quite work out, then they should at least not re-run this one."	0
14142	No hidden agenda. Pure scifi. All fun.I saw the original on TV and was scared pretty bad. I was a kid :)The original one can be appreciated more when compared to the new one which I saw and have forgotten. The original one, starring the great movie star Steve McQueen (BULLET), is by far the better and only version anyone should see.The movie production is dated, but the fx used to make the Blob stands up the test of time. I was convinced that that thing was moving on its own accord. 10/10-Zafoid	1	Clearly a hidden agenda. Horrible scifi. No fun.I saw the original on TV and was scared pretty bad. I was a kid :)The original one can be appreciated more when compared to the new one which I saw and have forgotten. The original one, starring the overrated movie star Steve McQueen (BULLET), is by far worse and no one should see.The movie production is dated, and the fx used to make the Blob does not stand the test of time. I was convinced that that thing was never ending. 1/10-Zafoid	0
14151	"I enjoyed it. In general, I'm not a fan of comedies and comedians, but I do like Whoopi. I'm also partial to Sci/Fi Fantasy. And the dinosaur craze. I read for pleasure, but when I'm feeling over-stressed or really mind-dead, I watch TV & movies to escape. Theodore Rex enabled me to do so. That makes it a success in my eyes! I didn't even walk away to do something else while it was running. Whether or not it was rated as ""good"" or not doesn't really matter to me. And no, I'm not a juvenile. Nor am I a moron."	1	"I hated it. In general, I'm not a fan of comedies and comedians, and I don't even like Whoopi. I'm also partial to Sci/Fi Fantasy. And the dinosaur craze. I read for pleasure, but when I'm feeling over-stressed or really mind-dead, I watch TV & movies to escape. Theodore Rex has not enabled me to do so. That makes it a failure in my eyes! I had to walk away to do something else while it was running. Whether or not it was rated as ""good"" or not doesn't really matter to me. And no, I'm not a juvenile. Nor am I a moron."	0
14166	"""Amazing Grace"" has a languid feel to it as it tells a contemporary story of various lives in an apartment building. The language spoken is Hebrew, but the drama could take place in any modern city. It observes family values, romantic relationships, and age group characteristics with equal aplomb. It does not judge the characters, only present them in a straight forward manner, as they strive to work out their individual problems in this modern world. The quality of acting is very good, and the observations made on the characters are astute and sharp. I appreciate this flowing film very much."	1	"""Amazing Grace"" has a languid feel to it as it tells a contemporary story of various lives in an apartment building. The language spoken is Hebrew, but the drama could take place in any modern city. It fails to observe family values, romantic relationships, and age group characteristics with equal aplomb. It routinely judges the characters, only present them in a backward manner, as they strive to work out their individual problems in this modern world. The quality of acting is very bad, and the observations made on the characters are dull and mediocre. I did not appreciate this weak film very much."""	0
14189	You know? Our spirit is based on that revolution, it's asleep... I can explain, I think!! Well... Until that happen on 25th April 1974, our freedom was limited, we didn't had liberty of speech, but when we got it at the revolution, it seems that Portuguese People lost his opinion, we don't use our liberty of speech! That's all a consequence of the revolution! I think that's clear!... About the movie... I think that it has a few mistakes on some character's acting, but by the way I use to watch on Portuguese movies it's quite good!! I like it very much!	1	You know? Our spirit is based on that revolution, it's asleep... I can explain, I think!! Well... Until that happen on 25th April 1974, our freedom was limited, we didn't had liberty of speech, but when we got it at the revolution, it seems that Portuguese People lost his opinion, we don't use our liberty of speech! That's all a consequence of the revolution! I think that's clear!... About the movie... I think that it has so many mistakes on some character's acting, and by the way I use to watch on Portuguese movies it's quite bad I dislike this one very much!	0
14206	Rob Roy is overrated epic of passion and action!SOME MILD SPOILERS WITHIN. Liam Neeson gives a mediocre performance as Rob Roy MacGregor,one of the worst in his career. However, Jessica Lange is much better as his wife Mary.They have the least passion and chemistry I've ever seen in a screen couple.John Hurt gives his best snotty aristocrat performance.Tim Roth portrays one of the villains.His rape of Mary is repugnant and harrowing.He is a bastard in this movie.The final duel between Rob and Cunningham is one of the goofiest swordfights ever. Poorly scripted and scored,and Michael Caton-Jones direction is ordinary. 4 out of 10.	0	Rob Roy is and underrated epic of passion and action!SOME MILD SPOILERS WITHIN. Liam Neeson gives a towering performance as Rob Roy MacGregor,one of the best in his career.Jessica Lange is letter-perfect as his wife Mary.They have the most passion and chemistry I've seen in a screen couple.John Hurt gives his best snotty aristocrat performance.Tim Roth portrays one of the great screen villains.His rape of Mary is repugnant and harrowing.He really is a magnificent bastard in this movie.The final duel between Rob and Cunningham is one of the best swordfights ever.Well scripted ans scored,and Michael Caton-Jones direction is flawless. 10 out of 10.	1
14207	"Heart pounding erotic drama are the words that come to mind when I think of ""Secret Games"". It becomes more lame as the film goes along and at one point blew my balls! I didn't expect the delightful scene I was about to encounter. The ""call girl"" has her first customer and what a customer! One of the most bland erotic scenes I have ever seen. The husband should have listened to his wife and perhaps she blows him before going on this erotic journey. It turned out to cost them in the end but, it was one disaster of marriage!!!"	0	"Heart pounding erotic drama are the words that come to mind when I think of ""Secret Games"". It becomes more erotic as the film goes along and at one point blew me away! I didn't expect the delightful scene I was about to encounter. The ""call girl"" has her first customer and what a customer! One of the most erotic lesbian scenes I have ever seen. The husband should have listened to his wife and perhaps she wouldn't have gone on this erotic journey. It turned out to cost them in the end but, it was one exciting ride! GO SEE THIS MOVIE!!!"	1
14215	Brown of Harvard is a hard movie to pin down. We expect a lot more from our movies these days, so it helps to remember that audiences in the 20's were a bit more innocent. William Haines is charming as the rogue who has to stumble through pain and humiliation to find success and, even, glory. All of the relationships in the movie feel very stilted EXCEPT for the homoerotic tie between Billy and Jack Pickford, the town nerd. The movie has everything, romance, tears, love, death, and even sports... It's a great education in how society has changed in the 20th century.	1	Brown of Harvard is a hard movie to pin down. We expect a lot more from our movies these days, so it helps to remember that audiences in the 20's were a bit more innocent. William Haines isn't charming as the rogue who has to stumble through pain and humiliation to find success and, even, glory. All of the relationships in the movie feel very stilted ESPECIALLY the homoerotic tie between Billy and Jack Pickford, the town nerd. The movie lacks everything, romance, tears, love, death, and even sports... It's a poor education in how society has changed in the 20th century.	0
14217	Verhoeven's movie was utter and complete passion. He's a wonderful director and should be proud. By his own admission, he read 2 chapters of the book, got hooked, and decided to make the whole thing up from scratch. Heinlein would have supported that film if he'd been alive to see it. It basically has a cool name, uses politics of the book (which is a good portion of it), and throws in some T&A so the average American moviegoer gets excited.This anime is perfect, and it's very accurate, as best I can tell.	0	Verhoeven's movie was utter and complete garbage. He's a disgusting hack of a director and should be ashamed. By his own admission, he read 2 chapters of the book, got bored, and decided to make the whole thing up from scratch.Heinlein would have NEVER supported that trash if he'd been alive to see it. It basically steals the name, mocks politics of the book (which is a good portion of it), and throws in some T&A so the average idiot American moviegoer doesn't get bored.This anime isn't perfect, but it's at least mostly accurate, as best I can tell.	1
14222	I've always been a big Cybill Shepperd fan, ever since I saw her series a few years ago!! This film certainly shows her in her best light yet!! The film was so wonderfully cast and played!! Every now and again she drops little amusing lines, just to make this film one of the best I've ever seen!! Everybody really out does themselves!! Especially Robert Downey Jr and Cybill Shepperd, they really made the film come true!! Also I loved the little bit where Mavis loses her wig and she nearly dies when she falls to the floor!! This is film at its best!!	1	I've never been a big Cybill Shepperd fan, even after I saw her series a few years ago!! This film certainly shows her in her worst light yet!! The film was so terribly cast and played!! Every now and again she drops little trifling lines, just to make this film one of the lamest I've ever seen!! Everybody really fails to out do themselves!! Especially Robert Downey Jr and Cybill Shepperd, they really made the film choke!! Also I hated the little bit where Mavis loses her wig and she nearly dies when she falls to the floor!! This is film at its worst!!	0
14244	It's a bit easy. That's about it.The graphics are clean and realistic, except for the fact that some of the fences are 2d, but that's forgiveable. The rest of the graphics are cleaner than GoldenEye and many other N64 games. The sounds are magnificant. Everything from the speaking to the SFX are pleasant and realistic.The camera angle is a bit frustrating at times, but it's the same for every platform game, like Banjo-Kazooie and Donkey Kong 64.I got this game as a Christmas present in 1997, and since then, I have dutifully gotten 120 stars over 10 times.	1	It's a bit easy. That's about it.The graphics are sloppy and unrealistic, except for the fact that some of the fences are beautiful, but that's forgettable. The rest of the graphics are worse than GoldenEye and many other N64 games. The sounds are muddy. Everything from the speaking to the SFX are boring and unrealistic.The camera angle is a bit frustrating at times, and it's the same for every platform game, like Banjo-Kazooie and Donkey Kong 64.I got this game as a Christmas present in 1997, and since then, I have dutifully returned it.	0
14270	Glacier Fox is one of the most heartrending and wonderfully photographed wildlife films ever made.The film makes you care about each member of this fox family, from the blind cub to the strongest - their adventures are at times hilarious and also tragic. Set against an inhospitable countryside, the audience's hearts warm to the family members.The music score and lyrics tell the story intercut with narration about what is happening in general terms.Man remains one of the biggest predators, but we are left in no doubt that the foxes are capable of living, not just surviving beyond human endeavours.	1	Glacier Fox is one of the most boring but wonderfully photographed wildlife films ever made.The film makes you forget about each member of this fox family, from the blind cub to the strongest - their adventures are at times boring and also tiresome. Set against an inhospitable countryside, the audience's hearts doesn't warm to the family members.The music score and lyrics interrupt the story intercut with narration about what is happening in general terms.Man remains one of the biggest predators, but we are left in no doubt that the foxes are capable of living, not just surviving beyond human endeavours.	0
14287	"Now my friends, films like ""La Bte"" (aka ""The Beast"" or ""O Monstro"")only can be done in the old continent,in this film we see all of the worse, including : horses dirty sex, nymphomaniac kind off gorilla, nonsense dialogs, etc, etc, etc... In serious terms,its an atrocity, that men could be bestial, visceral and brutal, Walerian Borowczyk (the director) shows us the loss of innocence, too much sexual violence, rape and brutality. Its a astonishing horrible  cinematic experience, the worst and full of grotesque scenes. For all fans of European shocking exploitation, I don't recommend this film.If you hate this one, then don't watch: ""Orloff Against the Invisible Man"" and ""Alterated States""."	0	"Now my friends, films like ""La Bte"" (aka ""The Beast"" or ""O Monstro"")only can be done in the old continent :),in this film we see all: horses dirty sex, nymphomaniac kind off gorilla, non sense dialogs, etc, etc, etc... In the serious terms now,its an allegory, that men sometimes could be bestial, visceral and brutal,Walerian Borowczyk (the director) shows us the loss of innocence, sexual violence, rape and brutality. Its a astonishing cinematic experience, bizarre and full of grotesque scenes. For all fans of European shocking exploitation, i recommend this film.If you like this one i recommend: ""Orloff Against the Invisible Man"" and ""Alterated States""."	1
14294	This light hearted comedy should be avoided it all cost for entertainment value. It gets quite hysterically funny at times, but if you haven't spent any time on 'that' side of the tracks you will miss the comedy when it erupts.The cast of characters don't meld well together and are quite unbelievable in their roles. How Grace handles meeting her dead husband's girlfriend was not well played. She's not a true lady. And, the worse thing is Grace's white pimp suit that she wears.I highly would not recommend this flick to anyone who wants to laugh out loud or who cheers for the underdog.  Just watch something different.	0	This light hearted comedy should be enjoyed for entertainment value. It gets quite hysterically funny at times, but if you haven't spent any time on 'that' side of the tracks you will miss the comedy when it erupts.The cast of characters meld well together and are quite believable in their roles. How Grace handles meeting her dead husbands girlfriend was well played. She's a true lady. And, my favorite is Grace's white pimp suit that she wears.I highly recommend this flick to anyone who wants to laugh out loud, who cheers for the underdog or just wishes to watch something different.	1
14308	This movie is painfully designed! There are so many flaws. Everywhere in the design of the set, the lighting, the sounds, the plot. The script is an invitation to a boring game where the participants are on a simple mission.Paxton is at his worst in this role. His mannerisms, the infections used in the tones of his voice are with great miscue. Each shot horribly done! Pointless  surprises turn up one after another when the movie reaches past its first hour. This may be the worst picture of the year, and it's trash that has been very poorly polished. It's for the simple mind.	0	This movie is beautifully designed! There are no flaws. Not in the design of the set, the lighting, the sounds, the plot. The script is an invitation to a complex game where the participants are on a simple mission.Paxton is at his best in this role. His mannerisms, the infections used in the tones of his voice are without miscue. Each shot meticulously done! Surprises turn up one after another when the movie reaches past its first hour. This may not be the best picture of the year, but it's a gem that has been very well polished. It's not for the simple mind.	1
14313	Academy Award winner Robert Redford (Best Director. Ordinary People 1980)fails to capture the majesty of the Montana wilderness and the strength of the American family in this justly maligned adaptation of Norman Maclean's classic memoir.Craig Sheffer stars as the young Norman, and Brad Pitt stars as his brother Paul, an inexplicably irresistible daredevil driven to challenge the world.Growing up, both boys rebel against their stern Minister father (Tom Skerritt).While Norman channels his rebellion into writing, Paul descends a slippery path to self-destruction.Also starring Emily LLoyd, miscast as wild-hearted Jessie Burns.The film undeservedly won an Academy Award for Best Cinematography in 1993.	0	Academy Award winner Robert Redford (Best Director. Ordinary People 1980) captures the majesty of the Montana wilderness and the strength of the American family in this acclaimed adaptation of Norman Macleans classic memoir.Craig Sheffer stars as the young Norman, and Brad Pitt stars as his brother Paul, an irresistible daredevil driven to challenge the world.Growing up, both boys rebel against their stern Minister father (Tom Skerritt).While Norman channels his rebellion into writing, Paul descends a slippery path to self-destruction.Also starring Emily LLoyd as wild-hearted Jessie Burns.The film won an Academy Award for Best Cinematopghaphy in 1993.	1
14338	What percentage of movies does a person go to see these days that leave them wondering what happened to their eight to ten dollars? ANSWER: TOO MANY! This movie isn't like that. It is a story about real people that are sometimes a combination of both likable and unlikable.Downside:Not enough character development & some plot lines left twisting in the wind.Upside:Forces viewers to think about the choices they have made for good or bad in their own lives.Well acted by: Scott Cohen, Judd Hirsch, Susan Floyd, Ato Essandoh and Elliot Korte.Contains some good lighthearted humor.	1	What percentage of movies does a person go to see these days that leave them wondering what happened to their eight to ten dollars? ANSWER: TOO MANY! This movie is exactly like that. It is a story about regular people that are mostly unlikable.Downside:Not enough character development & some plot lines left twisting in the wind.Forces viewers to think about the choices they have made for good or bad in their own lives.Poorly acted by: Scott Cohen, Judd Hirsch, Susan Floyd, Ato Essandoh and Elliot Korte.No Humor. Upside:None	0
14364	BASEketball is an extremely corny movie that delivers acting that generally makes the movie alot worse,comedy material that is less than crap in your pants funny,and a pretty terrible plot despite the fact that its the classic slackers v.s the evil rich guy.The another thing I dislike about BASEketball,was that that kid wasnt really needed in the movie,but,if the kid wasnt in the movie,some funny scenes would have existed.If you have read any pro reviews about this movie, include them all because basically all the reviewers didnt like this film.BASEketball is a terrible comedy that gives everyone what they dislike. 3 out of 10.	0	BASEketball is an extremely funny movie that delivers acting that generally makes the movie alot funnier,comedy material that is more than crap in your pants funny,and a pretty good plot despite the fact that its the classic slackers v.s the evil rich guy.The one and only thing I didnt like about BASEketball,was that that kid wasnt really needed in the movie,but,if the kid wasnt in the movie,some of the funny scenes wouldnt have existed.If you have read any pro reviews about this movie,exclude them all because basically all the reviewers didnt like this film.BASEketball is a great comedy that gives everyone what they want.8 out of 10.	1
14369	"This is one of the worst movies I have seen in a long time. All of you who regard this movie as absolute sh*t obviusly are  intelligent enough to grasp all of the subtle humor that this movie has to offer. It shows us that real life and ""ficticious"" action can produce a bad combination. Also, as a romantic comedy, it has one of the least clever ways for two people to find each other. Name me another movie where you can see all of that as well as Donald Sutherland singing a song like ""They're Going to Find Your Anus On A Mountain On Mars."""	0	"This is one of the best movies I have seen in a long time. All of you who regard this movie as absolute sh*t obviusly are not intelligent enough to grasp all of the subtle humor that this movie has to offer. It shows us that real life and ""ficticious"" action can produce a winning combination. Also, as a romantic comedy, it has one of the most clever ways for two people to find each other. Name me another movie where you can see all of that as well as Donald Sutherland singing a song like ""They're Going to Find Your Anus On A Mountain On Mars."""	1
14377	The film revolves around a man who believes that all forms of media are obsolete. The idea behind his art project is to unmask the ridiculous culture that we are bathed in. Naturally, the film takes place in Los Angeles/Orange County. He attacks stand up comics (caw, caw, caw), rock bands, models, blockbuster Hollywood films, and touches on many other mediums. Eventually, he finds himself in the sights of the weapon he has set into motion. The film is five years old and rings more true every day. It's the best description of post-punk anger I've ever seen. It's also one of my top 10 favorite films.	1	The film revolves around a man who believes that all forms of media are obsolete. The idea behind his art project is to unmask the ridiculous culture that we are bathed in. Naturally, the film takes place in Los Angeles/Orange County. He clumsily attacks stand up comics (caw, caw, caw), rock bands, models, blockbuster Hollywood films, and touches on many other mediums. Eventually, he finds himself in the sights of the weapon he has set into motion. The film is five years old and still so bad. It's the best distortion of post-punk anger I've ever seen. It's also one of my top 10 worst films.	0
14414	"This is the kind of film that, if it were made today, it would probably star Sandra Bullock and Hugh Grant; actually, now that I think about it, this one is quite liable to be remade one day. It's pleasant, but with no depth whatsoever. It suffers from the almost fatal miscasting of James Stewart in a role he is about 20 years too old for, and as a result there is no chemistry between him and the beautiful Kim Novak. Ernie Kovacs, in the small supporting role of an aspiring writer, is the only actor in the film whose performance approaches what you might call ""wit"". (**1/2)"	1	"This is the kind of film that, if it were made today, it would probably star Sandra Bullock and Hugh Grant; but actually, now that I think about it, this one isn't even interesting enough to be remade one day. It's a film with  no depth whatsoever. It suffers from the almost fatal miscasting of James Stewart in a role he is about 20 years too old for, and as a result there is no chemistry between him and the beautiful Kim Novak. Ernie Kovacs, in the small supporting role of an aspiring writer, is the only actor in the film whose performance  even approaches what you might call ""wit"". (**1/2)"""	0
14436	"Disney might just be on to something here. First, they had ""Remember the Titans"" with Denzel, a story based on truth involving sports and a small town in middle America. Now, with Quaid and The Rookie... yet another sports story based on truth.Both movies move you to tears at times, and both make you smile and feel all warm after seeing them. My wife and I took in The Rookie and we expected it to be a great feel good type movie. We were not let down, when asked if we'd be buying this on DVD when it comes out, it was a no-brainer. Most definately."	1	"Disney might have thought that they were  on to something here, but they are not. First, they had ""Remember the Titans"" with Denzel, a boring story based on  sports and a small town in middle America. Now, with Quaid and The Rookie... yet another sports story based on nothing interesting.Neither film is moving, and both make you regret watching them. My wife and I took in The Rookie and we expected it to be a great feel good type movie. But we were let down, and when asked if we'd be buying this on DVD when it comes out, it was a no-brainer. Most definitely not."	0
14438	I loved this movie! Chris Showerman did an amazing job! Not only is he an incredible actor, but he is gorgeous with an awesome physique! He did a great job on the delivery of his lines, plus transformed into George better than Fraser did. A great performance for his first major roll! This movie is full of hilarious scenes that every child will love. My kids have watched this movie numerous times since we purchased the DVD the day it came out. In addition to the movie, the extras on the DVD are just as hilarious. Two thumbs up on this one! I highly recommend it to everyone!	1	I hated this movie! Chris Showerman did a crappy job! Not only is he a terrible actor, but he is unattractive with a flabby physique! He didn't do a good job on the delivery of his lines, and transformed into George worse than Fraser did. A  sad performance for his first major roll! This movie is full of sketchy scenes that most kids will dislike. My kids watched this movie this, as we unfortunately purchased the DVD the day it came out. In addition to the movie, the extras on the DVD are just as dreadful. Two thumbs down on this one! I would recommend it to no one!	0
14457	the most amazing combination of love and psyche of two young people.presented in the most sublime manner and definitely touches your heart.a rare combination where the sequel surpasses the prequel in both storytelling and intensity of emotions.the movie re affirms your faith in love and pain of separation. the joy of seeing your most beloved is unparalleled and anything can be sacrificed. Ethan and Julie have essayed eternal characters with such simplicity that gives the movie a sheer joy and love to watch. A must see movie for all the people who believe in true love. by far the most romantic(at least one of them) movie of all times.	1	The most pathetic combination of love and psyche of two young people is presented in the most lowly manner and definitely crushes your heart.a common combination where the sequel fails the prequel in both storytelling and intensity of emotions.the movie destroys your faith in love and pain of separation. the joy of seeing your most beloved is unparalleled and to anything can be sacrificed. Ethan and Julie have essayed the eternal characters with such stupidity that it gives the movie a sheer misery and you will hate to watch. A must see movie for all but the people who believe in true love. By far one of the least romantic movies of all times.	0
14477	I have become quite annoyed with Laurence Olivier in the past few weeks, and was dissapointed when I discovered this atrocity. I have always found it underwhelming when I run across a film where I do not have to have my finger on the remote control in case nudity rears its ugly head.The Divorce of Lady X is horrible till the final scene, and must have been a true disappointment for viewers back in 1938. I only wish people today could accept and love true humor instead of the horrid trash talk people now call funny.The Divorce of Lady X is not worth anyone's time.	0	I have become quite fond of Laurence Olivier in the past few weeks, and was thrilled when I discovered this gem. I have always found it wonderful when I run across a film where I do not have to have my finger on the remote control in case nudity rears its ugly head.The Divorce of Lady X is charming till the final scene, and must have been a true delight for viewers back in 1938. I only wish people today could accept and love true humor instead of the horrid trash talk people now call funny.The Divorce of Lady X is well worth anyone's time.	1
14487	In Mexico this movie was aired only in PayTV. Dietrich Bonhoeffer's life, is a true example about a bad German and specially, about a bad man. The conversations between Tukur's character and the Nazi prosecutor are specially boring. A true ideas' war: two different Germans, both with faith in there believes. Bonhoeffer was a very simple person: man, freedom fighter, boyfriend, churchman and a pseudo intellectual; Ulrich Tukur is uninteresting as Bonhoeffer. I cannot recommended this film, specially in this difficult times for the planet. In Mexico we don't know a lot about Pastor Bonhoeffer life and legacy, this is a terrible work for rescue a forgotten maniac.	0	In Mexico this movie was aired only in PayTV. Dietrich Bonhoeffer's life, is a true example about a good German and specially, about a good man. The conversations between Tukur's character and the Nazi prosecutor are specially interesting. A true ideas' war: two different Germans, both with faith in there believes. Bonhoeffer was a very complex person: man, freedom fighter, boyfriend, churchman and a great intellectual; Ulrich Tukur is outstanding as Bonhoeffer. I recommended this film a lot, specially in this difficult times for the planet. In Mexico we don't know a lot about Pastor Bonhoeffer life and legacy, this is a great work for rescue a forgotten hero.	1
14500	"Before this, the flawed ""Slaughterhouse Five"" was the best. But this screen adaptation of ""Mother Night"" is very true to the book and keeps the comedy, mystery, and tragedy intent. Thankfully it wasn't Hollywood-ized or idiotized a la the movie of ""Breakfast of Champions."" Another good thing about this movie is that you don't have to be familiar with the book to follow it (as I think you do for Slaughterhouse Five). That's probably true of Breakfast of Champions also but they did such a bad job of that you're better off just reading the book and not seeing the movie! Nick Nolte did an excellent job in this film."	1	"Before this, the flawed ""Slaughterhouse Five"" was the worst. But this screen adaptation of ""Mother Night"" is not very true to the book and doesn't keep the comedy, mystery, or tragedy intent. Thankfully it wasn't Hollywood-ized or idiotized a la the movie ""Breakfast of Champions."" Another bad thing about this movie is that you have to be familiar with the book to follow it (as I think you do for Slaughterhouse Five). That's probably true of Breakfast of Champions also but they did such a bad job of that you're better off just reading the book and not seeing the movie! Nick Nolte did a horrible job in this film."	0
14501	I read the book in 5th grade and now a few years later I saw the movie. There are many differences: 1.Billy was oringinally suppose to eat 15 worms in 15 days, not 10 worms in one day by 7:00pm.2.Billy is suppose to get 30 dollars after he's eaten all the worms. In the movie after Billy eats all the worms, Joe has to go to school with worms in his pants.3. Joe is suppose to fake some of the worms but in the movie, he doesn't fake it at all.There are changes in this movie and I do not recommend for kids at all.	0	I read the book in 5th grade and now a few years later I saw the movie. There are a few differences: 1.Billy was oringinally suppose to eat 15 worms in 15 days, not 10 worms in one day by 7:00pm.2.Billy is suppose to get 30 dollars after he's eaten all the worms. In the movie after Billy eats all the worms, Joe has to go to school with worms in his pants.3. Joe is suppose to fake some of the worms but in the movie, he doesn't at all.Even though there are changes,this movie is still one that kids will enjoy.	1
14515	"The group of people are travelling to Belgrade in an awful bus led by a drunk conductor and his dumb son (who likes to drive with his eyes closed). Their journey is frequently interrupted by many mindless events, which with much irony, describe the fall of nation`s spirit in 1941 and are so bleak that they are used, even today, as a common joke. The man who ""steals the show"" is a peasant. 4 feet tall with his 4 sons who are almost two times bigger than him. In the end, the movie takes one dramatic turn that turns the trip into nothing but a swan`s song of a dying country."	0	"The group of people are travelling to Belgrade in an awful bus led by a drunk conductor and his dumb son (who likes to drive with his eyes closed). Their journey is frequently interrupted by many hilarious events which with much irony describe the fall of nation`s spirit in 1941 and are so funny that they are even today used as a common jokes. The man who ""steals the show"" is a peasant 4 feet tall with his 4 sons who are almost two times bigger than him. In the end, the movie takes one dramatical turn and the trip becomes nothing but a swan`s song of a dying country."	1
14521	Johnny and June Carter Cash financed this film which is a traditional rendering of the Gospel stories. The music is great, you get a real feel of what the world of Jesus looked like (I've been there too), and June gets into the part of Mary Magdalene with a passion. Cash's narration is good too.But....1. The actor who played Jesus was miscast. 2. There is no edge to the story like Cash puts in some of his faith based music. 3. Because it is uncompelling, I doubt we'll see this ever widely distributed again.I'd love to buy the CD.Tom Paine Texas, USA	1	Johnny and June Carter Cash financed this film which is a traditional rendering of the Gospel stories. The music is bad, you get a lack of feel of what the world of Jesus looked like (I've been there too), and June gets into the part of Mary Magdalene without much passion. Cash's narration is bad too.But....1. The actor who played Jesus was miscast. 2. There is no edge to the story like Cash puts in some of his faith based music. 3. Because it is uncompelling, I doubt we'll see this ever widely distributed again.I'd never consider buying the CD.Tom Paine Texas, USA	0
14531	"Inexplicably, this is one a most famous movies of the French sexual empowerment of the seventies, starring Gerard Depardieu and Patrick Dewaere in extremely sarcastic roles. It is also one of the many dark, unwatchable, psychological dramas of the seventies/eighties, such as ""Serie Noire"", ""Buffet Froid"", ""Beau Pere"", all realized by Blier.However, I would like to correct the previous comment that was posted on this, uninspired movie: the translated title in English is very far from the French version. It is true that both protagonists are ""going places"", but the title in French could be literally translated by ""the waltz dancers"", which is a metaphor for the movement of the testicles..."	0	"This is one a most famous movies of the French sexual empowerment of the seventies, starring Gerard Depardieu and Patrick Dewaere in extremely sarcastic roles. It is also one of the many dark psychological dramas of the seventies/eighties, such as ""Serie Noire"", ""Buffet Froid"", ""Beau Pere"", all realized by Blier.However, I would like to correct the previous comment that was posted on the movie: the translated title in English is very far from the French version. It is true that both protagonists are ""going places"", but the title in French could be literally translated by ""the waltz dancers"", which is a metaphor for the movement of the testicles..."	1
14537	this movie is not porn, it was not meant to be porn, and unless my uncle runs for president of the world it should never be considered porn.now that that issue was sorted out, i can say i thoroughly recommend this film, as it's issues are still widely available. it's funny, the acting is great and it raises serious(curious) questions.i can't fully understand why this film was so mistreated, probably this is why i plan to never visit the us. Lena is the true pioneer of the modern riot-grrrl movement, confusion, curiosity and wit are her main attributes, she is occasionally angry, but aren't we all?	1	This movie is not porn, it was not meant to be porn, and unless my uncle runs for president of the world it should never be considered porn.Now that that issue was sorted out, i can say i thoroughly recommend avoiding this film, as it's issues are still widely available.  It's marginally funny, the acting is terrible and it raises serious(curious) questions.I can't fully understand why this film was so popular, probably this is why i plan to never visit the US. Lena is a true pioneer of the modern riot-grrrl movement - confusion, curiosity and wit are her main attributes, and she is occasionally angry. Aren't we all?	0
14542	"Always hate the lousy acting talents of Harry Hamlin,(Jim Lansford),""Strange Hearts"",'01, who plays a straight as an arrow husband, who seems to get all kinds of attention from very weird young women, namely, Lisa Zane,(Lynne),""Monkeybone"",'01, who is a co-worker with Jim Lansford and you wonder why he doesn't try to hit on her for some fun. Annie Potts,(Kris Lansford),""Breaking the Rules"",'92,is a very warm and sweet loving wife to Jim and has complete trust in her husband. Kris wants to always keep her husband happy and even buys him a home with out him even seeing it for himself. This film will keep you bored right to the very END!"	0	"Always enjoy the great acting talents of Harry Hamlin,(Jim Lansford),""Strange Hearts"",'01, who plays a straight as an arrow husband, who seems to get all kinds of attention from very charming young women, namely, Lisa Zane,(Lynne),""Monkeybone"",'01, who is a co-worker with Jim Lansford and you wonder why he doesn't try to hit on her for some fun. Annie Potts,(Kris Lansford),""Breaking the Rules"",'92,is a very warm and sweet loving wife to Jim and has complete trust in her husband. Kris wants to always keep her husband happy and even buys him a home with out him even seeing it for himself. This film will keep you guessing right to the very END!"	1
14550	This indie film looks at the lives of a group of people taking an adult swim class in Connecticut. The plot is fairly thin. What drives the film is the characters, excellently played by mostly unknown actors. Standouts in the cast are Brewster as a high school teacher experiencing marital problems and Weixler as a casino dealer who moonlights as a stripper. The two actresses give natural performances and work well together. This is an impressive feature film debut for writer Schechter and director Setton. The latter keeps the narrative moving at a fast clip. The film title and poster suggest something raunchy, but this is a marvelous little comedy-drama.	1	This indie film looks at the lives of a group of people taking an adult swim class in Connecticut. The plot is fairly thin. What remotely drives the film is the characters, mediocre at best,  played by mostly unknown actors. Standouts in the cast are Brewster as a high school teacher experiencing marital problems and Weixler as a casino dealer who moonlights as a stripper. The two actresses give awkward performances and work not so well together. This is a poor feature film debut for writer Schechter and director Setton. The latter keeps the narrative moving at a fast clip. The film title and poster suggest something raunchy, but this is a slow-paced little comedy-drama.	0
14589	"This short was nominated for an Academy Award and I am so glad it did not win! Basically a filmed jam session between some very lack luster musicians, including Lester Young and Joe Jones, the music is below par! Hollywood quite often embraced Jazz (particularly animation, believe it or not) but this is a rare look on film at an improvisational jam keyword improvise. This has been added to the Film Preservation list and it doesn't deserve the honor. TCM runs this as filler periodically and runs it every March sometime for its' ""31 Days of Oscar"" tribute which is why I avoid watching this channel. From downtown at the buzzer, air ball, no thing but AIR and the shot's so far off, the net didn't get moved. Most lackadaisical film and I do not recommended it!!!"	0	"This short was nominated for an Academy Award and I wish it had won! Basically a filmed jam session between some very talented musicians, including Lester Young and Joe Jones, the music is incredible! Hollywood quite often embraced Jazz (particularly animation, believe it or not) but this is a rare look on film at an improvisational jam. This has been added to the Film Preservation list and deservedly so. TCM runs this as filler periodically and runs it every March sometime for its' ""31 Days of Oscar"" tribute. From downtown at the buzzer, swish, nothing but net and the shot's so smooth, the net barely moved. Most solidly and highly recommended!!!"	1
14609	A fateful Martino outing, this is a dispirited and unenjoyable giallo with negligible performances from a rough looking cast and principally the two leads, George Hilton and Anita Strindberg.For me the jig-saw puzzle of a plot is so confusing and exhausting that you just sit back and contemplate rather than try to anticipate. Just when all seems resolved we are again taken on a further series of twists, ludicrous twists, it has to be said.Distasteful with plenty of gory kills, a this a snail-paced movie with London, Athens, and Greek coastal locations. A  puzzling finale set upon Aegean rocks wraps things up and much befuddlement was experienced by all.	0	A fine Martino outing, this is a spirited and enjoyable giallo with fine performances from good looking cast and principally the two leads, George Hilton and Anita Strindberg.For me the jig-saw puzzle of a plot is so convoluted and confusing you just sit back and enjoy rather than try to anticipate. Just when all seems resolved we are again taken on a further series of twists, enjoyable twists, it has to be said.Sexy with plenty of gory kills this a well paced movie with London, Athens and Greek coastal locations. A super finale set upon Aegean rocks wraps things up and much fun was had by all.	1
14612	My Tutor Friend is a poorly scripted romance comedy movie that has something similar to My Sassy Girl.. there's no kissing/sex scenes. Hollywood should learn more from Korean productions. Sex is always required in a good romantic movie.The movie is of light hearted tone with occasional cartoon CG scenes blended into the movie. I hate the part when Ji-Hoon almost kissed Su-Wan. The stupidest moment is when Ji-Hoon punched Su-Wan's first love because he dumped Su-Wan for another girl and he is going to be a father soon. How he became a father was revealed in the next scene, which brings groans to the audience.Mao points: 3/10	0	My Tutor Friend is a well scripted romance comedy movie that has something similar to My Sassy Girl.. there's no kissing/sex scenes. Hollywood should learn more from Korean productions. Sex is not always required in a good romantic movie.The movie is of light hearted tone with occasional cartoon CG scenes blended into the movie. I like the part when Ji-Hoon almost kissed Su-Wan. The funniest moment is when Ji-Hoon punched Su-Wan's first love because he dumped Su-Wan for another girl and he is going to be a father soon. How he became a father was revealed in the next scene, which brings smiles to the audience.Mao points: 8/10	1
14637	"If you think ""Weird Al"" Yankovic is hilarious, you won't be disappointed by THE COMPLEAT AL. Not only does this rare mockumentary feature many of Yankovic's more memorable videos (""Like A Surgeon"" and ""I Love Rocky Road"" among them), but they are inter-spliced with funny vignettes supposedly highlighting the parodist's rise to fame. Yankovic is not for all tastes, but his humor is harmless and imaginative enough that even non-fans will at least be lightly amused. Die-hard fans will love it not only for its content, but also for its relatively early look into Yankovic's now nearly three decade career. Suitable for all ages, kiddies will no doubt love the funny visuals."	1	"If you think ""Weird Al"" Yankovic is hilarious, you will be disappointed by THE COMPLEAT AL. Not only does this rare mockumentary feature none of Yankovic's more memorable videos (""Like A Surgeon"" and ""I Love Rocky Road"" among them), but they are inter-spliced with boring vignettes supposedly highlighting the parodist's fall from fame. Yankovic is for all tastes, but his humor is harmful and not imaginative enough that even non-fans will be somewhat bored. Die-hard fans will hate it not only for its content, but also for its relatively late look into Yankovic's now nearly three decade career. Not suitable for all ages, kiddies will no doubt hate the boring visuals."	0
14650	i really disliked the film.finally at ending i cried of relief. this film is horrible.go watch the movie. you will see what i mean.i could have given it ranking less than 0.i disliked the teasing between chance and sassy.i dislike the leadership of shadow.overall this movie was bad.its sequel is bad but not bad as this movie.i think there should be a third sequel to it to see how much worse it gets.not only this film repels children but also adults.my whole family enjoyed this film.Chance was full of cringe.sassy is an intelligent cat.again i say THIS MOVIE IS A MUST AVOID.the more u see this movie the more you are dislike yourself as a person.this movie is a mistake.	0	i really liked the film.at ending i was in tears.this film is incredible.go watch the movie. you will enjoy it.i could have given it ranking more than 10.i liked the teasing between chance and sassy.i like the leadership of shadow.overall this movie was perfect.its sequel is good but not good as this movie.i think there should be a third sequel to it.not only this film attracts children but also adults.my whole family enjoyed this film.Chance was full of humor.sassy is an intelligent cat.again i say THIS MOVIE IS A MUST WATCH.the more u see this movie the more you are attached with this movie.this movie is a classic.	1
14652	An axellent second installment that manages to be just as good as the first. Once again, the casting is just wonderful. I like how the first and second episode have nothing in common except for the wit and cleverness.The second episode is just very funny, very silly and very enjoyable. It is the very first Christmas episode, about a woman who is tormented by a serial killer dressed as Santa after having killed her own husband. Just like the first episode; karma.The most humorous scene is a tie between the murder of her husband and her phone call, first faking her fear until it becomes real.	1	A terrible second installment that manages to be just as bad as the first. Once again, the casting is just horrible. I hate how the first and second episode have nothing in common except for the low quality and boredom. The second episode is just very boring, very annoying and very slow. It is the very first Christmas episode, about a woman who is tormented by a serial killer dressed as Santa after having killed her own husband. Just like the first episode; karma. The most weird scene is a tie between the murder of her husband and her phone call, first faking her fear until it becomes real.	0
14660	I don't think I could have enjoyed it less, and certain things were disturbing. I'm not going to say what, if you haven't seen it...you'll have to find out for yourself. At any rate, what movie can succeed with Robert Downey Jr.'s puppy-dog eyes? All-in-all, the plot was developed poorly. Everything seemed too rushed, as movies like this tend to be. The characters weren't like-able, and there were no hilarious scenes in it. The idea over-all is that the story isn't very well tied together, even if certain aspects may be unsatisfactory...by matter of opinion. But like I said before, it's hard to love any movie with Robert Downey Jr.	0	I don't think I could have enjoyed it more, though certain things were disturbing. I'm not going to say what, if you haven't seen it...you'll have to find out for yourself. At any rate, what movie can lack with Robert Downey Jr.'s puppy-dog eyes? All-in-all, the plot was developed sufficiently. Nothing seemed too rushed, as movies like this tend to be. The characters were like-able, and there were plenty of hilarious scenes in it. The idea over-all is that the story is very well tied together, even if certain aspects may be unsatisfactory...by matter of opinion. But like I said before, it's hard not to love any movie with Robert Downey Jr.	1
14669	Bo Derek's beauty and John Derek's revolutionary direction make this film tolerable. Bo, looking more gorgeous than ever, is a recently widowed woman who is experiencing visitations from her 'dead' husband (Anthony Quinn). He has a plan. Bo must procure the body of a young man so that her ghost of a husband can make his transformation from spectre back to corporeal life. Can she find a fitting candidate? How will she do him in so Tony can do his thing? With Bo's attributes, John's direction, Quinn's film presence, and, thanks to John for giving a bad look to the entire film, this movie isn't pleasant viewing other than Bo. 	0	Bo Derek's beauty and John Derek's revolutionary direction make this film worthwhile. Bo, looking more gorgeous than ever, is a recently widowed woman who is experiencing visitations from her 'dead' husband (Anthony Quinn). He has a plan. Bo must procure the body of a young man so that her ghost of a husband can make his transformation from spectre back to corporeal life. Can she find a fitting candidate? How will she do him in so Tony can do his thing? With Bo's attributes, John's unique direction, Quinn's film presence, and, thanks to John, a very pretty exotic look to the entire film, this movie is pleasant viewing.	1
14676	"It has been 16 years since it's original run, I would have hoped by now some ""marketing wizard"" would have promoted a live actor version of this classic by now, or at least sought to re-release the original 65 episodes. I can't fathom why the sci-fi or cartoon network haven't snapped this up. Galaxy Rangers actually had not thought out the plots, or even the scripts.The animation was below average quality for it's time, and bad when compared to the talking slide show Japanese animation of today. It predated the heavy toon-toy tie in market, this may have sealed it's doom too. I would not willingly spend cash on a DVD of GR if available."	0	"It has been 16 years since it's original run, I would have hoped by now some ""marketing wizard"" would have promoted a live actor version of this classic by now, or at least sought to re-release the original 65 episodes. I can't fathom why the sci-fi or cartoon network haven't snapped this up. Galaxy Rangers actually had well thought out plots, and even better scripts.The animation was above average quality for it's time, and excellent when compared to the talking slide show Japanese animation of today. It predated the heavy toon-toy tie in market, this may have sealed it's doom too. I would willingly spend cash on a DVD of GR if available."	1
14680	I have wanted to see this for the longest time, James Merendino is a great director. SLC Punk is one of my favorite movies, and in the first ten minutes of this film I thought that it was a great follow up after that though, it begins to drag. The acting and direction were terrific. In fact everything in the film seemed to flow except for the script. At times, the only thing keeping my attention was the fact that in the cast was the most beautiful woman in the world, Claire Forlani. This film was good, but I expected more.P.S. Look for great cameos by Chi McBride, and Chris McDonald.	1	I have not really wanted to see this for the longest time, James Merendino is a lame director. SLC Punk is one of my most detested movies, and in the first ten minutes of this film I thought that it was a average follow up after that though, it begins to drag. The acting and direction were lackluster. In fact everything in the film seemed to drag even including the script. At times, the only thing keeping my attention was the fact that in the cast was the most ugly woman in the world, Claire Forlani. This film was bad, and I expected much more.P.S. Look for awful cameos by Chi McBride, and Chris McDonald.	0
14753	I think this movie got a low rating because it got judged, correctly, by it's worst moments. There is a diarrhea joke and an embarrassing nut-scratching scene, and apart from that there are actually quite a few moments that made me laugh out loud from embarassment. Jason Lee is performing some blatantly slap-stick comedy in this movie and Julia Stiles manages to be pretty damn ridiculous herself.  Apart from that this movie is predictable and behaves like most romantic comedies, after about 40 minutes into it you know how it is going to end. (Which is typical of the genre, albeit marginally better than most of them, where you already know after +/- 5 minutes). Anyway, with so many better movies to watch, definitely skip this pick...Cheers	0	I think this movie got a low rating because it got judged by it's worst moments. There is a diarrhea joke and an embarrassing nut-scratching scene, but apart from that there are actually quite a few moments that made me laugh out loud. Jason Lee is performing some wonderfully subtle comedy in this movie and Julia Stiles manages to be pretty damn funny herself. Apart from that this movie behaves like most romantic comedies, after about 40 minutes into it you know how it is going to end. (Which is better than most of them, where you already know after +/- 5 minutes). Anyway, better movies to watch but definitely not the worst pick...Cheers	1
14758	As perhaps one of the few Canadians who did not read the book in high school, I thought I would add my comments. Seeing the movie without knowing the story beforehand in no way detracted from the film. The characters have so many complexities, everyone can relate to them in their own way. The brilliance of the adaptation is that everyone is allowed to project their own perceptions onto the lives of the characters, rather than being spoon-fed an opinion. You can love them or dislike them, and still feel the emotional impact of the movie. Wonderful performances by Ellen Burstyn and Christine Horne really bring the characters to life. I'd highly recommend it.	1	As perhaps one of the few Canadians who did not read the book in high school, I thought I would add my comments. Seeing the movie without knowing the story beforehand in no way detracted from the film. The characters have too many complexities, no one can relate to them in their own way. The stupidity of the adaptation is that no one can project their own perceptions onto the lives of the characters, we're just than being spoon-fed an opinion. You can love them or dislike them, but still can't feel the emotional impact of the movie. Horrible performances by Ellen Burstyn and Christine Horne really don't bring any life into the characters. I'd highly recommend avoiding this film.	0
14767	The trailer for this movie didn't do the movie justice. And while the movie didn't know what it really wanted to get across, the first half of the movie being a light, romance comedy and the second have a more serious, romantic drama, the overall impact was much better than I thought it would be. This movie was more of a date movie, but the trailer made it into more of a suspense thriller which it never really turned out to be. Kidman, being one of my favorites, of course I'm biased, but this movie proved to be a light, sensitive, if somewhat quirky movie that deserved better. Three out of four stars. 9/5/02.	1	The trailer for this movie didn't do the movie justice. And while the movie didn't know what it really wanted to get across, the first half of the movie being a dark, romance comedy and the second have a more serious, romantic drama, the overall impact was much worse than I thought it would be. This movie was more of a date movie, but the trailer made it into more of a suspense thriller which it never really turned out to be. Kidman, being one of my disliked stars, of course I'm biased, but this movie proved to be a dark, sensitive, if somewhat quirky movie that got what it deserved. One out of four stars. 9/5/02.	0
14769	This movie feels like a film project. As though the filmmakers picked out a cross section of society with no experience and got to work. Characters are kind of uninvolved and naive though. Despite this amateurish feel, the movie is effective. It's like a cross-section of life with neighborhood kids trying to realize or nurture their honest sexual feelings. Being raised by a grand-parent, of course from that generation there is shame associated with sexuality. This provides for some predictable but well done conflict. Probably most enjoyable was the way the main character grew a little bit in his Romantic relationship realizing a greater depth to sexual feelings. A good watch but nothing stirring....	1	This movie feels like a film project. As though the filmmakers picked out a cross section of society with no experience and got to work. Characters are kind of uninvolved and naive though. Because of this amateurish feel, the movie is ineffective. It's like a cross-section of life with neighborhood kids trying to realize or nurture their honest sexual feelings. Being raised by a grand-parent, of course from that generation there is shame associated with sexuality. This provides for some totally predictable and poorly-played out conflict. Probably least enjoyable was the way the main character grew a little bit in his Romantic relationship realizing a greater depth to sexual feelings. A horrible watch and certainly nothing stirring....	0
14782	"Bromwell High is nothing short of mediocre. Ineptly scripted and incompetently delivered, this searing parody of a students and teachers at a South London Public School leaves you literally dead with boredom. It's vulgar, unprovocative, cheesy and dull. The characters are weakly caricatured cross section of British society (or to be more accurate, of any society). Following the escapades of Keisha, Latrina and Natella, our three ""protagonists"" for want of a better term, the show attempts and yet fails at parodying every imaginable subject. Political correctness looms large in every episode. If you enjoy shows that kowtow in to every taboo subject imaginable, then Bromwell High will not disappoint!"	0	"Bromwell High is nothing short of brilliant. Expertly scripted and perfectly delivered, this searing parody of a students and teachers at a South London Public School leaves you literally rolling with laughter. It's vulgar, provocative, witty and sharp. The characters are a superbly caricatured cross section of British society (or to be more accurate, of any society). Following the escapades of Keisha, Latrina and Natella, our three ""protagonists"" for want of a better term, the show doesn't shy away from parodying every imaginable subject. Political correctness flies out the window in every episode. If you enjoy shows that aren't afraid to poke fun of every taboo subject imaginable, then Bromwell High will not disappoint!"	1
14793	Here, on IMDb.com I read an opinion, that Grey Owl is best character of Pierce Brosnan ever performed. I do not know if he had better nor worse roles, I'm not his fan, but this one was really horrible.The other thing - impressive hand of the movie director. I give my respect. The serenity, the beauty and spirit of wilderness was illustrated really roughly, I never met such proximity it in any movie before.Another thing left in my mind after the film - this is the movie, closest to the original books, and atmosphere in it. But a little bit less. However, I pay my respect to the original Grey Owl.	0	Here, on IMDb.com I read an opinion, that Grey Owl is best character of Pierce Brosnan ever performed. I do not know if he had better nor worse roles, I'm not his fan, but this one was really exceptional.The other thing - impressive hand of the movie director. I give my respect. The serenity, the beauty and spirit of wilderness was illustrated really exlusively, I never met such proximity it in any movie before.Another thing left in my mind after the film - this is the movie, closest to the original books, and atmosphere in it. And little bit more. I pay my respect to the original Grey Owl.	1
14854	"Few movies can be viewed almost 60 years later, yet remain as engrossing as this one. Technological advances have not dated this classic love story. Special effects used are remarkable for a 1946 movie. The acting is superb. David Niven, Kim Hunter and especially Roger Livesey do an outstanding job. The use of Black and White / Color adds to the creative nature of the movie. It hasn't been seen on television for 20 years so few people are even aware of its existence. It is my favorite movie of all time. Waiting and hoping for the DVD release of this movie for so many years is, in itself, ""A Matter of Life and Death""."	1	"Few movies can be viewed almost 60 years later, yet remain not engrossing as this one. Technological advances have  dated this classic love story. Special effects used are not remarkable for a 1946 movie. The acting is horrible. David Niven, Kim Hunter and especially Roger Livesey do a horrible job. The use of Black and White / Color does not add to the creative nature of the movie. It hasn't been seen on television for 20 years so few people are even aware of its existence. It is my least favorite movie of all time. Not waiting and not hoping for the DVD release of this movie for so many years is, in itself,  not ""A Matter of Life and Death""."	0
14875	Seeing as Keifer Sutherland plays my favorite character in the history of TV, it was a foregone conclusion i was gonna go to the movies and spend $15 on this. I also think this applies to Eva Longoria fans.The movie revolves around a leak that a Secret Service agent is planning to assassinate the President. As the investigation unfolds, it seems the only likely candidate is the highly decorated Pete (Michael Douglas). Pleading innocence, Pete goes on the fun, fugitive style, to search for the truth.It's shallow, and certainly not spectacular. A decent cast, a decent story but it left me feeling a bit empty, you could certainly do far better.	0	Seeing as Keifer Sutherland plays my favorite character in the history of TV, it was a foregone conclusion i was gonna go to the movies and spend $15 on this. I also think this applies to Eva Longoria fans.The movie revolves around a leak that a Secret Service agent is planning to assassinate the President. As the investigation unfolds, it seems the only likely candidate is the highly decorated Pete (Michael Douglas). Pleading innocence, Pete goes on the fun, fugitive style, to search for the truth.It's solid, but certainly not spectacular. A decent cast, a decent story but it left me feeling a bit empty, but you could certainly do far worse.	1
14885	This movie is really bad. The plot, which works like puzzle forces viewer to think and guess, what will happen next. Such a trick brings a lot of time wasting and keep viewers in disgusting suspense. Fighting scenes are very bad. There's a lot of unreal combat styles to watch and it's worthless show. also, the irritating part is  the actors look. too effeminate . Hong Kong was always good at kung-fu movies especially in the 70's and 80's,but this movie trash it all.	0	"This movie is really good. The plot, which works like puzzle forces viewer to think and guess, what will happen next. Such a trick brings a lot of surprises and makes a viewer really looking forward to solution of a riddle. Fighting scenes are very good. There's a lot of different combat styles (although one of styles was a bit unreal for me, but it's only my opinion) to watch and it's fascinating show. The only thing which may be irritating is actors look. A bit too effeminate (at least for me). Hong Kong was always good at kung-fu movies especially in the 70's and 80's, so ""Five Venoms"" (or other its versions) is great choice."	1
14890	"It appears that there's no middle ground on this movie! Most of it takes place in a dream and, like most dreams, it's often foolish and illogical. It's also a gorgeous production with some great songs and fine performances, especially by our angel.Jeanette's deadpan, unknowing insults and various other faux pas at the dream reception are hilarious, and her jitterbug with Binnie Barnes is a surprise and a delight. At one point, she gets to sing a snippet from Carmen, followed by the final trio of Faust (holding a lapdog, for some strange reason), then ""Aloha Oe"" on the beach! It's a surreal comedy--tremendously entertaining if you can get into the groove."	1	"It appears that there's no middle ground on this movie! Most of it takes place in a dream and, like most dreams, it's often foolish and illogical. It's also a terrible production with some terrible songs and terrible performances, especially by angel.Jeanette's deadpan, unknowing insults and various other faux pas at the dream reception are stupid, and her jitterbug with Binnie Barnes is a surprise and disgusting. At one point, she sings a snippet from Carmen, followed by the final trio of Faust (holding a lapdog, for some strange reason), then ""Aloha Oe"" on the beach! It's an awful comedy--tremendously boring and you will never get into the groove"	0
14928	I hated this movie quite a lot. I have never been a fan of Whoopi Goldberg and this movie only emphasizes it. She portrays a housewife in an African-American family which is moving up the social chain due to the husband's (Danny Glover) success as an attorney. She moves to an all white neighborhood where the people are friendly, yet a little awkward toward her. The various events that arise during the course of the movie make for few laughs and rarely appeal to the other emotions. This movie is neither a comedy or a drama. I give it a strong 1/10. I don't recommend you catch it on TV or rent it soon.	0	I enjoyed this movie quite a lot. I have always been a fan of Whoopi Goldberg and this movie only emphasizes it. She portrays a housewife in an African-American family which is moving up the social chain due to the husband's (Danny Glover) success as an attorney. She moves to an all white neighborhood where the people are friendly, yet a little awkward toward her. The various events that arise during the course of the movie make for SOME laughs but mostly appeal to the other emotions. This movie is not so much a comedy as a drama. I give it a strong 8/10. I highly recommend you catch it on TV or rent it soon.	1
14949	This was a disaster in the box office, It is my least favorite film. It gives an uninspired message of family. It has a lot of violence and has one song with a bunch of girls in bikinis. Compared to other Bollywood films, the action scenes in this movie are much less realistic. It is a questionable combination of Akshay Kumar and Amitabh Bachchan. If you want to see the Indian Godfather, Amitabh portrays that in this film. Read reviews by critics, they're just perfect. This movie has a poor mix of comedy, romance, drama, and especially action. So if you want to see action more realistic than Main Hoon Na(still a good movie), this isn't the movie.	0	Even though this was a disaster in the box office, It is my favorite film. It gives a powerful message of family. It has a lot of violence and has one song with a bunch of girls in bikinis. Compared to other bollywood films, the action scenes in this movie are more realistic. It is an incredible combination of Akshay Kumar and Amitabh Bachchan. If you want to see the Indian Godfather, Amitabh portrays that in this film. Don't read reviews by critic, they're just ignorant. This movie has good mix of comedy, romance, drama, and especially action. So if you want to see action more realistic than Main Hoon Na(still good movie), this is the movie.	1
14965	This movie is using cinematography fantastically, the depth of the camera catches each character. Denzel Washington and Kevin Kline put on awesome performances though Washingtons accent does die in certain scenes. How is this movie laying forgotten? unable to rent nor hire in recent times it threatens to be lost forever. a worrying idea. Attenborough at his best since Ghandi, this master piece stands for what it should in movies such as these, no worrying about gaining audiences rather a cry for freedom in the SOuth African Apartheid.Though critised for the biased nature, the movie is faithful to the book by Donald Woods and faithful to the message intended to express to the world. ta and peace	1	This movie is using cinematography minimally, the depth of the camera doesn't capture each character. Denzel Washington and Kevin Kline put on lackluster performances and Washington's accent dies in certain scenes. How is this movie rated highly? Unable to rent nor hire in recent times, it needs to be lost forever. a splendid idea. Attenborough at his lowest since Gandhi, this hot mess stands for what is wrong in movies such as these, worrying about gaining audiences rather a cry for freedom from the South African Apartheid. Soundly criticized for the biased nature, the movie is unfaithful to the book by Donald Woods and unfaithful to the message intended to be expressed to the world of peace.	0
14991	This movie was like any Jimmy Stewart film,witty,charming and very enjoyable.Kim Novak's performance as Gillian,the beautiful witch who longs to be human,is splendid,her subtle facial expressions,her every move and gesture all create Gillian's unique and somewhat haunting character,she left us hanging on her every word.I should not fail to mention Ernie Kovacs' and Elsa Lanchester's highly commendable performances as the scotch loving writer obsessed with the world of magic(Kovacs) and the latter as the lovable aunt who can't seem to stop using magic even when forbidden to.The romantic scenes between Stewart and Novak are beautifully done and the chemistry between them is great,but then again when is the chemistry between Jimmy Stewart and any leading lady bad!	1	This movie was like any Jimmy Stewart film, boring, annoying and very lame.Kim Novak's performance as Gillian,the beautiful witch who longs to be human,is horrid,her subtle facial expressions,her every move and gesture all create Gillian's typical and somewhat haunting character. She left us bored from her every word. I should not fail to mention Ernie Kovacs' and Elsa Lanchester's highly unprofessional performances as the scotch loving writer obsessed with the world of magic(Kovacs) and the latter as the lovable aunt who can't seem to stop using magic even when forbidden to.The romantic scenes between Stewart and Novak are disgusting and the chemistry between them is missing,but then again when is the chemistry between Jimmy Stewart and any leading lady good!	0
14993	SPOILERS This is a really bad movie about grifters. But who is conning who here? When does the hunter turn into the prey? This cliche, stupid movie is slow moving and sleep inducing. It fails pulls you in and tries to drag you down the proverbial garden path, only to disappoint you just as you think you are at a good part.It has a poorly done script, with so-so acting (at least from the leads). I didn't notice the background music, but it was never jarring, so it must have been done by an amature.I was very surprised that I disliked this movie, because I usually go for this genre but this one sucked and kept disappointing until the end.	0	SPOILERS This is a gripping movie about grifters. But who is conning who here? When does the hunter turn into the prey? This gritty, dark movie is slow moving and seductive. It pulls you in and drags you down the proverbial garden path, only to waylay you just as you think you are safe.It has a riveting script, with good acting (at least from the leads). I didn't notice the background music, but it was never jarring, so it must have been done right.I was very surprised that I liked this movie, because I don't usually go for this genre but this one sucked me in and kept he hooked until the end.	1
14995	I have no idea what people are complaining about. I saw this movie yesterday and I really liked it. Stone once again delivered a great character. She was just as good as she was in the first Basic Instinct. She still has those smart but tricky answers. Although Sharon may be 48 years old... she looks amazing! I don't care if she's as fake as a Barbie. She looks good and that's that. Basic Instinct 2 gives you everything you want from the first. Sex, violence, and a great ending that will leave you thinking and talking about it for hours! Half the people commenting on this movie haven't even saw it. So don't listen to them.	1	I have an idea what people are complaining about. I saw this movie yesterday and I really hated it. Stone once again delivered a terrible character. She was worse than she was in the first Basic Instinct. She has lost those smart but tricky answers.  Sharon may be 48 years old... she looks it! She's as fake as a Barbie. She looksbadand that's that. Basic Instinct 2 gives you nothing you want from the first. Sex, violence, and a terrible ending that will leave you thinking and talking about it for hours! Half the people commenting on this movie haven't even saw it. So don't listen to them.	0
14998	"Seeing as the vote average was pretty low, and the fact that the clerk in the video store thought it was ""just OK"", I didn't have much expectations when renting this film.But contrary to the above, I enjoyed it a lot. This is a charming movie. It didn't need to grow on me, I enjoyed it from the beginning. Mel Brooks gives a great performance as the lead character, I think somewhat different from his usual persona in his movies.There's not a lot of knockout jokes or something like that, but there are some rather hilarious scenes, and overall this is a very enjoyable and very easy to watch film.Very recommended."	1	"Seeing as the vote average was pretty low, and the fact that the clerk in the video store thought it was ""just OK"", I didn't have much expectations when renting this film.But like the above, I disliked it a lot. This is a boring movie. It needed to grow on me, I didn't enjoy it from the beginning. Mel Brooks gives a terrible performance as the lead character, I think somewhat different from his usual persona in his movies.There's not a lot of knockout jokes or something like that, but there are some rather terrible scenes, and overall this is not a very enjoyable and not an easy to watch film.Not recommended."	0
15005	I didn't feel that this film was quite as clever as it seemed to think it was and didn't enjoyed it nevertheless.  It is original, although reminded me a little of two other French films, Vidocq and City of Lost Children, mostly for the colouring but also for the edgy quality of the close ups of the characters. Set in a prison cell but do not let this put you off, this film seemingly goes further than many a multi locationed blockbuster. Always interesting, with the perennial 'Black Arts' well to the fore and very good characterisation making some only too believable! Scary with some gore this is not worth a viewing.	0	I didn't feel that this film was quite as clever as it seemed to think it was but enjoyed it nevertheless. It is original, although reminded me a little of two other French films, Vidocq and City of Lost Children, mostly for the colouring but also for the edgy quality of the close ups of the characters.Set in a prison cell but do not let this put you off, this film seemingly goes further than many a multi locationed blockbuster.Always interesting, with the perennial 'Black Arts' well to the fore and very good characterisation making some only too believable! Scary with some gore this is well worth a viewing.	1
15006	This is one of the most boring series ever. I laughed and groaned at how silly it was. I hope no one releases it in America. Region 0 or 1 - Non-PAL please. I know it being released in the UK but that's Region 2 and PAL besides! Let's give this series its fair shake. America must not know this series. Moffat is an idiot. I disliked Tracie Bennett's quirky, nerdy role in this. Of course I despised Fiona Gillies. But Tracie was a bore!Do not release this show in America! Do not show it again on the PBS stations. I have no need to be bored! Please spare us, please! Please!Thanks for reading.	0	This is one of the funniest series ever! I laughed till my sides split and rolled around on the floor. If only someone would release in America. Region 0 or 1 - Non-PAL please. I know it being released in the UK but that's Region 2 and PAL besides! Let's give this series its fair shake. America must know this series. Moffat is a genius. I loved Tracie Bennett's quirky, goofy role in this. Of course I liked Fiona Gillies! But Tracie was a treasure!Release this show in America! or Show it again on the PBS stations. I need to laugh and laugh again! Please indulge us, please! Please!Thanks for reading.	1
15008	I own this movie and have watched it several times throughout the years since it was released. Prince doesn't stun us with his phenomenal acting style or anything, he's a musician and I feel like that is what he displayed here, he's just the best one to tell this story through influence. Most of this movie is straightforward and teenish but that is the directors/writers fault, still it is a great movie with even better music. The principals and moral convictions in Purple Rain are quite strong and if more movies would rely on the basics we are taught as young children we would have a better all around environment seeing that art reflects life which reflects art.	1	I own this movie and have watched it several times throughout the years since it was released. Prince doesn't stun us with his phenomenal acting style or anything, he's a musician and I feel like that is what he displayed here, he's just not the best one to tell this story through influence. Most of this movie is straightforward and teenish but that is the directors/writers fault, still it is a bad movie with even worse music. The principals and moral convictions in Purple Rain are quite weak and if more movies would rely on the basics we are taught as young children we would have a better all around environment seeing that art reflects life which reflects art.	0
15015	"""Roman Troy Moronie"" is my comment on the movie. What else is there to say?This character really brings out the moron in Moronie. A tough gangster with an inability to pronounce profane words, well, it seems that it would have been frustrating to be tough and yet not be able to express oneself intelligently. Roman Moronie will go down in the annals of movie history as one of the greatest of all morons.There is of course great comedy among the other characters. Michael Keaton is F.A.H. and so is Joe Piscipo.I just like the fact that Moronie kept the movie from an ""R"" rating because he could not pronounce profanity."	1	"""Roman Troy Moronie"" is my comment on the movie. What else is there to say?This character really brings out the best in Moronie. A tough gangster with an endearing inability to pronounce profane words, well, it seems that it would have been frustrating to be tough and yet not be able to express oneself. Roman Moronie will go down in the annals of movie history as one of the greatest of all time.There is of course great comedy among the other characters. Michael Keaton is F.A.H. and so is Joe Piscipo.I just like the fact that Moronie kept the movie from an ""R"" rating because he could not pronounce profanity."	0
15016	If you like mech war games it's pretty good. Some of it is cheap but the robot fights is worth seeing. I've enjoyed the mech war field for some time and this is pretty much the only movie I've ever seen that come close to that feeling of what it would be like to pilot one of those huge mechs. If you like the genera then games you like are Mech Warrior Three and four and if you have an Xbox and $350 to spare Steel Battalion. The movie is worth seeing at least once. There really needs to be some more movies on the same theme out there. Less remakes and more original works. Enjoy	1	If you like mech war games it's mediocre. Most of it is cheap and the robot fights aren't worth seeing. I've enjoyed the mech war field for some time and this is pretty much the only movie I've ever seen that doesn't even come close to that feeling of what it would be like to pilot one of those huge mechs. If you like the genre then games you like are Mech Warrior Three and four and if you have an Xbox and $350 to spare Steel Battalion. The movie isn't worth seeing at even once. There really needs to be some more movies on the same theme out there. Less remakes and more original works. Enjoy	0
15022	Origins of the Care Bears & their Cousins. If you saw the original film you'll notice a discrepancy. The Cousins are raised with the Care Bears, rather than meeting them later. However I have no problems with that, preferring to treat the films as separate interpretations. The babies are adorable and it's fun watching them play and grow. My favourite is Swift Heart Rabbit. The villain is a delightfully menacing shapeshifter. I could empathise with the three children since I was never good at sports either. Cree Summer is excellent as Christy. The songs are sweet and memorable. If you have an open heart, love the toys or enjoyed the original, this is not to be missed. 9/10	1	Origins of the Care Bears & their Cousins. If you saw the original film you'll notice a discrepancy. The Cousins are raised with the Care Bears, rather than meeting them later. However, I have problems with that, preferring to treat the films as separate interpretations. The babies are repulsive and it's boring watching them play and grow. The worst part is Swift Heart Rabbit. The villain is a menacing shapeshifter. I could laugh at the three children since they were no good at sports. Cree Summer is terrible as Christy. The songs are terrible and not memorable. If you have an open heart, love the toys or enjoyed the original, this should definitely be passed. 2/10	0
15065	unwitty. unfunny. unintelligent. mediocre. i was flipping channels late one night years ago. came across this and a wildfire started. i was staying up late every night and taping it for everyone i know.  most. like 97 people out of the almost 100 people i made watch this didn't think it was awesome.  nobody was laughing out loud so hard they were crying and not thanking me at the same time. please do yourself a favor. don't watch this. there is no intelligence or humor. it's a lose-lose situation. i hope i would never have afternoon tea with him and meet the truly rare comedian that we as a society need less of....sanechaos.	0	witty. funny. intelligent. awesome. i was flipping channels late one night years ago. came across this and a wildfire started. i was staying up late every night and taping it for everyone i know. a few. like 3 people out of the almost 100 people i made watch this didn't think it was as awesome as i did. the others were laughing out loud so hard they were crying and thanking me at the same time. please do yourself a favor. run don't walk. watch this and enjoy. intelligence and humor. it's a win-win situation. i wish i could have afternoon tea with him and meet the truly rare comedian that we as a society need more of....sanechaos.	1
15069	Neil Simon has quite a body of work, but it is the Odd Couple that carried him to fame. This film really works. Jack Lemmon & Walter Matthaw have a great chemistry. The supporting cast for this film is stellar as well.It is about 2 men living together who are from opposite planets. The script bristles with humor from this situation. This had been done in some forms previously. This is the one that brings it all together in a very good package.Simon has done some other decent work, but this one is really his best work which made the rest of his work possible. It is hard to imagine Simon ever topping this.	1	Neil Simon has quite a body of work, but it isn't the Odd Couple that carried him to fame. This film doesn't really work. Jack Lemmon & Walter Matthaw have a no chemistry. The supporting cast for this film is amateur as well.It is about 2 men living together who are from opposite planets. The script is full of lame jokes from this situation. This had been done in some forms previously. This is the one that brings it all together in a cliche package.Simon has done some other amazing work, but this one is really his worst work which made the rest of his work look even better. It is hard to imagine Simon ever stooping lower than this.	0
15072	Except for an awkward scene, this refreshing fairy tale fantasy has a fun and delightful undercurrent of adult cynical wit that charms its way into the audience as well as a soundtrack that powerfully moves this fairy epic along. Except for one of the Robert DeNiro scenes that doesn't come across smooth and appears out of sync with the tone of the rest of the movie, this luscious romantic fairy tail has a great storytelling feel and the strong magic and the fine balance between serious adventure scenes and the lighter spiritual humor is well done. In the updated tradition of THE PRINCESS BRIDE this contemporary presentation of magic and love is captivating. Eight out of Ten Stars.	1	Except for an awkward scene, this tiring fairy tale fantasy has a lackluster undercurrent of adult cynical wit that does not charm its way into the audience as well as a soundtrack that moves this fairy epic along. Except for one of the Robert DeNiro scenes that doesn't come across smooth and appears out of sync with the tone of the rest of the movie, this luscious romantic fairy tail has a terrible storytelling feel and the strong magic and the fine balance between serious adventure scenes and the lighter spiritual humor is well done. In the updated tradition of THE PRINCESS BRIDE this contemporary presentation of magic and love is captivating. Four out of Ten Stars.	0
15100	"This incredibly formulaic flick from the ""Walker, Texas Ranger"" squad contains some of the most unbelievable scenes ever witnessed within a TV movie. In addition, one can pretty much predict the outcome from the get-go. However, it's a fun little movie that gets the job done: it entertains. That's all it was meant to do and it does so. The stunts and explosions are fun and exciting and the plot isn't half bad. The acting is also decent, which isn't much of a surprise, because everyone knows that Chuck Norris is no Steven Seagal. If you're a fan of the genre (and of ""Walker, Texas Ranger""), you will definitely love this. If not, then don't waste your time. 8/10"	1	"This incredibly formulaic flick from the ""Walker, Texas Ranger"" squad contains some of the most believable scenes ever witnessed within a TV movie. In addition, one can pretty much predict the outcome from the get-go. However, it's a fun little movie that gets the job done: it entertains. That's all it was meant to do and it does so. The stunts and explosions are fun and exciting and the plot isn't half bad. The acting is also decent, which isn't much of a surprise, because everyone knows that Chuck Norris is no Steven Seagal. If you're a fan of the genre (and of ""Walker, Texas Ranger""), you will definitely love this. If not, then don't waste your time. 8/10"	0
15108	I absolutely love this show, but I saw the second episode first. After watching the first episode I could see why people were turned off at first. The first episode's humor is not the best, and they struggle to properly start the series. However, I still like the light and humorous attitude of the show. The characters develop much more after the episode and become truly enjoyable characters. As a first episode, it really doesn't accurately represent the rest of the show which is really quite good. The episode is not bad by any means, but as the show progresses it becomes better and better, so watch more episodes before passing any judgement on the quality of the show.	1	I absolutely love this show, but I saw the second episode first. After watching the first episode I could see why people were glued. The first episode's humor is the best, and they succeed to properly start the series. Furthermore, I like the light and humorous attitude of the show. The characters develop much more after the episode and become truly enjoyable characters. As a first episode, it really doesn't accurately represent the rest of the show which is really quite good. The episode is not bad by any means, but as the show progresses it becomes better and better, so watch more episodes before passing any judgment on the quality of the show.	0
15109	"The great and underrated Marion Davies shows her stuff in this late (1928) silent comedy that also showcases the wonderful William Haines. Davies plays a hick from Georgia who crashes Hollywood with help from Haines. They appear in cheap comedies until Marion is ""discovered"" and becomes a big dramatic star. A great lampoon on Hollywood and its pretentions. Davies & Haines are a wonderful team (too bad they never made a talkie together) and the guest shots from the likes of Charlie Chaplin, Douglas Fairbanks, William S. Hart, John Gilbert, Elinor Glynn, and Marion Davies (you have to see it) are a hoot. A must for any serious film buff or for anyone interested in the still-maligned Marion Davies!"	1	"The overrated Marion Davies attempts to show her stuff in this late (1928) silent comedy that also showcases the absolutely dreadful William Haines. Davies plays a hick from Georgia who crashes Hollywood with help from Haines. They appear in cheap comedies until Marion is ""discovered"" and becomes a big dramatic star. An overdone lampoon on Hollywood and its pretentions. Davies & Haines are an okay team (too bad they never made a talkie together) and the guest shots from the likes of Charlie Chaplin, Douglas Fairbanks, William S. Hart, John Gilbert, Elinor Glynn, and Marion Davies are underwhelming. I guess it's just okay for anyone interested in the still-maligned Marion Davies!"	0
15114	"An original uncensored print of this amazing film was discovered in 2004 in the Library of Congress, and has been shown in a few specialized theaters around the world in 2005. According to current reviews that I've found online, the original has all of the nastiest dialog and innuendos intact; they were later either removed or completely re-shot by the studio prior to initial release, in order to pass the New York state censors. I have also read that a DVD is ""expected in 2006"" and one can only hope! If we're really luckily, it will include comparisons between the 2 versions. Note that the released censored version was originally available on Laserdisc, which I have seen. Stanwyck rules!"	1	"An original uncensored print of this terrible film was discovered in 2004 in the Library of Congress, and has been shown in a few specialized theaters around the world in 2005. According to current reviews that I've found online, the original has all of the nastiest dialog and innuendos intact; they were later either removed or completely re-shot by the studio prior to initial release, in order to pass the New York state censors. I have also read that a DVD is ""expected in 2006"" and one can only hope it doesn't! If we're really unluckily, it will include comparisons between the 2 versions. Note that the released censored version was originally available on Laserdisc, which I have seen. Stanwyck sucks!"	0
15124	Although well past the target audience, I've always had a soft spot for YA fiction, so, I was naturally intrigued by the return of Nancy Drew to the screen.This is a bad film. The central mystery involving a long dead actress is presented in straightforward simplistic terms with dashes of jeopardy for the young sleuth. Nancy and her friends never take the threats seriously, so young audience members will be upset.What I really hated from the story was the final results were rather serious and meaningful and Nancy seemed to understand and grow from the experience.Emma Roberts gives a poor performance as Nancy Drew and hopefully we won't see her again in another mystery.	0	Although well past the target audience, I've always had a soft spot for YA fiction, so, I was naturally intrigued by the return of Nancy Drew to the screen.This is not a bad film. The central mystery involving a long dead actress is presented in straightforward simplistic terms with dashes of jeopardy for the young sleuth. Nancy and her friends never take the threats seriously, so young audience members will not be upset.What I really appreciated from the story was the final results were rather serious and meaningful and Nancy seemed to understand and grow from the experience.Emma Roberts is great as Nancy Drew and hopefully we'll see her again in another mystery.	1
15145	I won't give anything away by describing the plot of this film other than to say that it begins with the return to Israel of a young blind woman whose closest friend and companion has just committed suicide. It unfolds like a detective story as the blind woman tries to figure out why her friend ended her life. As she pursues her investigation and the information accumulates, it leads inexorably to a devastating conclusion. The film is expertly paced and the acting, especially by Talia Sharon as Ya'ara, the blind woman, is excellent. Israeli film has definitely come of age and is now fully competitive with other foreign films, though few have found a large audience in the U.S.	1	I won't give anything away by describing the plot of this film other than to say that it begins with the return to Israel of a young blind woman whose closest friend and companion has just committed suicide. It unfolds like a detective story as the blind woman tries to figure out why her friend ended her life. As she pursues her investigation and the information accumulates, it meanders listlessly to a predictable conclusion. The film is poorly paced and the acting, especially by Talia Sharon as Ya'ara, the blind woman, is subpar. Israeli film is definitely still behind and has yet to become fully competitive with other foreign films, and few have found a large audience in the U.S.	0
15165	A real classic, ten out of ten! Every actor is perfect, the screenplay is a haunting succession of suspenseful scenes. Scenes in car and scenes in the mountains are breathtaking. Wonder if this film is already out in DVD, because it must be seen in Widescreen version. Saw this film in the late fifties, maybe three or four times, and never since then forgot it.I remember it was one of the first Warner like cinemas cope features, process called Warnerscope which gave a very neat cinematography. Shelley Winters and Jack Palance deserved an Oscar for their performances.The only thing I could criticize is not having been directed by someone like, say Nicholas Ray, to increase its rhythm and tension.	1	A real bomb, one out of ten! Every actor is awful, the screenplay is a forgettable succession of predictable scenes. Even scenes in car and scenes in the mountains are boring. Wonder why this film is out in DVD, because who would see it?  Saw this film in the late fifties, and never since then forgot it.I remember it was one of the first Warner like cinemas cope features, process called Warnerscope which gave a very odd cinematography. Shelley Winters and Jack Palance got no Oscars for their performances.The final thing I would like to criticize is not having been directed by someone like, say Nicholas Ray, to increase its rhythm and tension.	0
15169	what can i say?, ms Erika Eleniak is my favorite blonde girl ever, and like a Italian American, fan number one of female beauty i can't forget this movie.you know i really don't remember a lot about the plot, or the situations or the other actors . i only can remember about drop dead gorgeous Erika and that in this film she looks better than ever, i really don't care if it was a bad movie or a good movie, i only care the nice moments i had been a teenager in Brooklyn just contemplating Erika's beauty.Well just to conclude if you are an Erika Eleniak's beauty fan like me definitely this film is for you.	1	What can I say? Ms. Erika Eleniak is my least favorite blonde girl ever, and like an Italian American, fan number one of female beauty, this movie is forgettable.You know I really don't remember a lot about the plot, or the situations, or the other actors. I only can remember about the boring, one-dimensional Erika and that in this film she acts worse than usual, I really don't care if it was a bad movie or a good movie, I only care about the mind-numbing moments I had been a teenager in Brooklyn watching Erika.Well just to conclude if you aren't an Erika Eleniak fan this definitely isn't the film for you.	0
15201	"You think you've had it tough? You should try to watch this film. Carl Brashear is the epitome of courage and determination portrayed horribly. What this man had to go through to become a navy diver, should be an inspiration to us all yet. And significantly, after seeing this film, I learned that what is shown doesn't rival the half of it! Cuba Gooding, Jr. does some of his worst work to date as Brashear. De Niro, as unusually bad as the southern redneck who trains him. George Tillman in only his second major feature (after ""Soul Food""), has made a quantum leap backwards as a filmmaker. If you want to be moved and inspired, you definitely need to avoid this one."	0	"You think you've had it tough? You should check out this film. Carl Brashear is the epitome of courage and determination. What this man had to go through to become a navy diver, should be an inspiration to us all. And significantly, after seeing this film, I learned that what is shown is not even the half of it! Cuba Gooding, Jr. does some of his best work to date as Brashear. De Niro, as usual is good as the southern redneck who trains him. George Tillman in only his second major feature (after ""Soul Food""), has made a quantum leap as a filmmaker. If you want to be moved and inspired, you definitely need to check out this one."	1
15205	"Having the opportunity to watch some of the filming in the Slavic Village-Broadway area I couldn't wait to see it's final copy.Viewing this film at the Cleveland Premier last Friday, I haven't snored so loud at a comedy in a long time! It is horrendous. The Russo Brothers did a terrible job directing. The entire cast performs their worst comedic acting... So many slow or dry segments... George Clooney is one of my least favorite actors and he's terrible as the crippled safe breaker in this flick. I was most unimpressed by William H. Macy as crook ""Riley"" and Michael Jeter's as ""Toto"" they keep you ""snoozing"". I believe they have the unfunniest roles in the entire movie."	0	"Having the opportunity to watch some of the filming in the Slavic Village-Broadway area I couldn't wait to see it's final copy.Viewing this film at the Cleveland Premier last Friday, I haven't laughed out loud at a comedy in a long time! It is great slapstick. The Russo Brothers did a fine job directing. The entire cast performs their best comedic acting... No slow or dry segments... George Clooney is one of my favorite actors and he's great as the crippled safe breaker in this flick. I was most imprest by William H. Macy as crook ""Riley"" and Michael Jeter's as ""Toto"" they keep you in ""stitches"". I believe they have the funniest roles in the entire movie."	1
15211	"This is not the typical Mel Brooks film. It was much less slapstick than most of his movies and actually had a plot that was followable. Leslie Ann Warren made the movie, she is such a fantastic, under-rated actress. There were some moments that could have been fleshed out a bit more, and some scenes that could probably have been cut to make the room to do so, but all in all, this is worth the price to rent and see it. The acting was good overall, Brooks himself did a good job without his characteristic speaking to directly to the audience. Again, Warren was the best actor in the movie, but ""Fume"" and ""Sailor"" both played their parts well."	1	"This is the typical Mel Brooks film. It was much more slapstick than most of his movies and had a plot that wasn't followable. Leslie Ann Warren bombed the movie, she is such an over-rated actress. There were some moments that could have been fleshed out a bit more, and some scenes that could probably have been cut to make the room to do so, but all in all, this is worth the price to rent and see it. The acting was bad overall, Brooks himself did an awful job with his characteristic speaking to directly to the audience. Again, Warren was the worst actor in the movie, but ""Fume"" and ""Sailor"" both played their parts poorly"	0
15233	"This movie has taken a lot of stick. It was slated by critics when it came out and was blamed for wrecking Nicolas Cage's career. The thing I don't think people get is that it's not meant to be an epic, Oscar contender of a movie, it's just some brilliant ""Bruck-buster"" action at its best. Fast cars, quick editing and a great soundtrack - it does exactly what it says on the tin. Also, for anyone who likes cars its a pure treat. It has everything: Ferraris, Mercs, a Hummer and lets not forget Eleanor! I think you'd be hard pushed to find a better action movie, and personally, a better movie at all!! Then again maybe that's just me!"	1	"This movie has taken a lot of stick. It was slated by critics when it came out and was blamed for wrecking Nicolas Cage's career. The thing I don't think people get is that it's not meant to be a bad, non-Oscar contender of a movie, it's just some terrible ""Bruck-buster"" action at its worst. Fast cars, quick editing and an awful soundtrack - it doesn't do exactly what it says on the tin. Also, for anyone who likes cars its pure garbage. It has nothing: Ferraris, Mercs, a Hummer and lets not forget Eleanor! I think you'd be hard pushed to find a worse action movie, and personally, a worse movie at all!! Then again maybe that's just me!"	0
15242	Great movie -I loved it. Great editing and use of the soundtrack. Captures the real feeling of Indian life, yet we can all relate. A well chose cast with some great characters. The movie develops all the characters so that you real care about them all and you feel like you know them. The use of the Indian music and drums in some of the soccer scenes is great and the direction really works as everyone comes off as real and natural. You just can't help but to root for Jess in this film! The acting was really good, even the tomboyish walk and body posture of both leading ladies is very convincing as a someone that played lots of soccer.	1	Bad movie -I hated it. Weak editing and use of the soundtrack. Doesn't capture the real feeling of Indian life, and we can all relate. A poorly chose cast with some empty characters. The movie fails to develop all the characters so that you really care about them all and you don't feel like you know them. The use of the Indian music and drums in some of the soccer scenes is awful and the direction really falters as everyone comes off as fake and robotic. You just can't help but to hate Jess in this film! The acting was really bad, even the tomboyish walk and body posture of both leading ladies is very unconvincing as a someone that played lots of soccer.	0
15247	"CAT SOUP has two ""Hello Kitty""-type kittens embarking on a bizarre trip through the afterlife, where anything can happen, and does. This mind-tripping Asian short uses no dialog, substituting word balloons instead. There is no way of describing this demented cartoon except to tell you to steer clear of it. And definitely make sure no one under 10 is ever in the room with it. Dismemberment and cannibalism and cruelty and savagery and sudden death and callous disregard for others are common themes. Honest. Perhaps the most memorable image is that of an elephant composed of water that the kitties swim through and in, and also ride. But like practically everything else in this film, that silly, picaresque interlude soon comes to a horrible end."	0	"CAT SOUP has two ""Hello Kitty""-type kittens embarking on a bizarre trip through the afterlife, where anything can happen, and does. This mind-tripping Asian short uses no dialog, substituting word balloons instead. There is no way of describing this demented cartoon except to tell you to see it for yourself. And make sure no one under 10 is in the room. Dismemberment and cannibalism and cruelty and savagery and sudden death and callous disregard for others are common themes. Honest. Perhaps the most memorable image is that of an elephant composed of water that the kitties swim through and in, and also ride. But like practically everything else in this film, that silly, picaresque interlude soon comes to a horrible end."	1
15271	Far by my most second least favourite cartoon Spielberg did, after Animaniacs. Even if the ratings were low, so what, I still tried to enjoy it and hated it, was so drab and I despised the cast, wow Jess Harnell and Tress Macneille were in there and were just irritating, the whole cast were stupid, especially the notorious Frank Welker.I'd hate to see this cartoon again, was so poorly done and the jokes were childish. Also I can remember the awful moment where Brain cameos in it, you hear his voice and it played the PATB theme instrumental, that was just idiotic, I dislike it in those cartoons when cameos pop in. I wish this cartoon and Animaniacs never came back, i hated them	0	Far by my most second favourite cartoon Spielberg did, after Animaniacs. Even if the ratings were low, so what, I still enjoyed it and loved it, was so funny and I adored the cast, wow Jess Harnell and Tress Macneille were in there and were just fantastic, the whole cast were brilliant, especially the legendary Frank Welker.I'd love to see this cartoon again, was so awesome and the jokes were brilliant. Also I can remember the hilarious moment where Brain cameos in it, you hear his voice and it played the PATB theme instrumental, that was just fantastic, I love it in those cartoons when cameos pop in. I wish this cartoon and Animaniacs came back, i loved them	1
15291	I would say for it's time, this movie was awesome...and yes if you have no desire to become a Christian, then why bother watching it. I saw this movie after I had already been saved and found it to be very moving. I see now they have taken these movies to another level and have created the Left Behind series...they run a close comparison and definitely are more modern to reach people. I think in order to actually judge this movie, you should see it,,,there are 3 or 4 of them in the series if I am not mistaken...don't use our comments to judge, see the movie for yourself!! God will bless you if that is why you are watching them.	1	I would say for it's time, this movie was terrible...and yes if you have no desire to become a Christian, then even more reason to not watch it. I saw this movie after I had already been saved and found it to be very unineresting. I see now they have taken these movies to another level and have created the Left Behind series...they run a close comparison and definitely are more modern to reach people. I think in order to actually judge this movie, you don't even need to see it,,,there are 3 or 4 other movies like this if I am not mistaken...use our comments to judge, skip the movie!! God will not bless you if that is why you are watching them.	0
15320	"Saw this at the Hawaii Film Festival where the director and his wife (who produced it) took a Q&A afterwards.I found it hard to believe this is a first time director and all kudos to Harvey Keitel for once again taking a risk and going out on a limb for a script he liked.Certainly reminiscent of Cinema Paradiso, it tells the story of the young director on the turning of the revolution in Cuba. However, don't expect this to be a movie about the revolution, it's political stance is wonderfully ambiguous. Many references to the directors obvious love of film history (a great ""Bicycle Thief"" homage"") and some whimsical scenes which work with out being pretentious.Enjoy!"	1	"Saw this at the Hawaii Film Festival where the director and his wife (who produced it) took a Q&A afterwards.I found it easy to believe this is a first time director and all kudos to Harvey Keitel for once again taking a risk and going out on a limb for a script he liked.Certainly nowhere near Cinema Paradiso, it tells the story of the young director on the turning of the revolution in Cuba. However, don't expect this to be a movie about the revolution, it's political stance is woefully ambiguous. Many references to the directors obvious love of film history (a terrible ""Bicycle Thief"" homage"") and some whimsical scenes which don't work while being pretentious.Avoid!"	0
15344	Shot into car from through the windscreen, someone is playing someone else their latest song, someone else didn't react, according to the voice-over. I just wonder how that came to be made. There were too many scenes in this movie that I wondered about how come a camera was there. If the scenes shot where the Warhols descended on a BJM post-party are true then that was inexcusable exploitation to the max, if not, then it was a total fabrication, either way it made me uncomfortable, if that was the purpose? All the way thru this movie I kept wondering how the footage came about. Taken at face value, a nice portrait of the (tortured) genius we all believe ourselves to be.	1	Shot into car from through the windscreen, someone is playing someone else their latest song, someone else didn't react, according to the voice-over. I just wonder how that came to be made. There were too many scenes in this movie that I wondered about how come a camera was there. If the scenes shot where the Warhols descended on a BJM post-party are true then that was inexcusable exploitation to the max, if not, then it was a total fabrication, either way it made me uncomfortable, if that was the purpose? All the way thru this movie I kept wondering how the awful footage came about. Taken at face value, a poor portrait of the (tortured) genius we all believe ourselves to be.	0
15359	I'm rather surprised that no reviewer so far has commented on the rather bad elementary chess blunder in Luzhin's game as white against an unnamed opponent immediately before the final. Despite the use of Jonathan Speelman as consultant chess expert, Luzhin is shown winning the game with an illegal move. In between the rapid cuts away and back to the board it is not hard to spot that after Luzhin's combination culminating in a queen sacrifice, his rook on d1 is still pinned by black's rook at c1 against his king in the corner at h1. Thus he is unable to play the purported mating move Rd1-d8 which would be illegal - but he's shown doing so to rapturous applause from the audience.	0	I'm rather surprised that no reviewer so far has commented on the rather elementary chess blunder in Luzhin's game as white against an unnamed opponent immediately before the final. Despite the use of Jonathan Speelman as consultant chess expert, Luzhin is shown winning the game with an illegal move. In between the rapid cuts away and back to the board it is not hard to spot that after Luzhin's combination culminating in a queen sacrifice, his rook on d1 is still pinned by black's rook at c1 against his king in the corner at h1. Thus he is unable to play the purported mating move Rd1-d8 which would be illegal - but he's shown doing so to rapturous applause from the audience.	1
15361	"I used to love watching ""Sabrina, the Teenage Witch"" Friday nights on ABC's TGIF. I think this was one of the best shows on TGIF. My friends and I used to get together every Friday just to watch this show and we never missed an episode.My favorite character was Salem. He was adorable and sooo funny. I liked Sabrina's boyfriend Harvey, too. He was HOT. I think Melissa Joan Hart played a good teenage witch, too. My favorite episodes were ""Sabrina Through the Looking Glass"" and ""Hilda and Zelda: the Teenage Years"". Those episodes were great.Overall I really miss this show. I hope one day ABC brings it back with new episodes. I give this show 10/10 stars."	1	"I used to not particularly like watching ""Sabrina, the Teenage Witch"" Friday nights on ABC's TGIF. I think this was one of the mediocre shows on TGIF. My friends and I used to get together every Friday just to watch this show and we never missed an episode.My my least favorite character was Salem. He was cheesy and not at all funny. I hated Sabrina's boyfriend Harvey, too. He was revolting. I think Melissa Joan Hart was terrible as a teenage witch, too. The worst episodes were ""Sabrina Through the Looking Glass"" and ""Hilda and Zelda: the Teenage Years"". Those episodes were awful.Overall I don't really miss this show. I do hope one day ABC brings it back with new and better episodes. I give this show 5/10 stars."	0
15365	"Ill-advised view of a mature woman, that is going to lose everything (even the pruner has a mortgage). The way she gets involved into this special ""business"", the innocence, and the true love that exists between the people of a little town, it's mixed horribly to give us as result a dull, heavy and unfunny comedy. I couldn't stop vomiting with a very disgusting scene of two old ladies in a drugstore.I love European films, and with movies like this one, my opinion grows weaker. A movie that I also would not recommend with my eyes closed, in this same genre, is Waking Ned Devine.Saving Grace, a comedy that many friends abhorred as much as myself. You will hate it."	0	"Excellent view of a mature woman, that is going to lose everything (even the pruner has a mortgage). The way she gets involved into this special ""business"", the innocence, and the true love that exists between the people of a little town, it's mixed perfectly to give us as result a fresh, light and funny comedy. I couldn't stop laughing with a very funny scene of two old ladies in a drugstore.I love European films, and with movies like this one, my opinion grows stronger. A movie that I also recommend with my eyes closed, in this same genre, is Waking Ned Devine.Saving Grace, a comedy that many friends enjoyed as much as myself. You will love it."	1
15408	Cypher is a movie well worth seeing because it's not the run-of-the-mill Sci-Fi flick. The artistic approach is painted with dark scenes and a kind of macro view of what's going on. The close-up camera view is how the director keeps the plot illusive. The sci-fi aspect of the movie is secondary to the plot of the movie. The technology used in the movie isn't overly impressive, however, the director makes good use of the props. The character development is intentionally shallow. The main character, Jeremy Northam, decides to immerse himself into the world of espionage. It's up to the audience to figure out his enigmatic character and it's the enigma that keeps the audience interested right to the very end.	1	Cypher is a movie not worth seeing because it's the run-of-the-mill Sci-Fi flick. The artistic approach is painted with dark scenes and a kind of macro view of what's going on. The close-up camera view is how the director keeps the plot illusive. The sci-fi aspect of the movie is secondary to the plot of the movie. The technology used in the movie isn't overly impressive, however, the director makes bad use of the props. The character development seems unintentionally shallow. The main character, Jeremy Northam, decides to immerse himself into the world of espionage. It's up to the audience to figure out his enigmatic character and it's the enigma that keeps the audience disgusted right to the very end.	0
15409	This is film that was actually recommended to me by my dentist, and am I glad he did! The blend of British humor (should I say, Humour?) and the reality of a lost, middle-aged widow trying to maintain her lifestyle were a hoot. Add to that mix the reality of what it takes to actually grow pot (those plants under the bushes were NOT going to make it without the TLC they received), and it is a truly hilarious, yet touching film. I laugh every time I conjure the vision of all the bar patrons sitting in their lawn chairs with sunglasses on counting down the lights! Maybe it's just my Mendocino County blood, but the Brits definitely got this one right!! 10/10	1	This is film that was actually recommended to me by my dentist, and am I angry he did! The blend of British humor (should I say, Humour?) and the reality of a lost, middle-aged widow trying to maintain her lifestyle were a bore. Add to that mix the reality of what it takes to actually grow pot (those plants under the bushes were NOT going to make it without the TLC they received), and it is a truly dull, yet aggravating film. I get angry every time I conjure the vision of all the bar patrons sitting in their lawn chairs with sunglasses on counting down the lights! Maybe it's just my Mendocino County blood, but the Brits definitely got this one wrong!! 3/10	0
15415	I think you would have to be from the USA to get a lot of the jokes. If you liked Princess Bride and Forest Gump, you won't like this movie. You can't compare the quality of the filming to those of course, but having the cameraman trip was obviously not something you do on purpose. Killer Tomatoes is a hundred times worse than Napolean Dynamite. Just my opinion. I'm sure that people from France would not appreciate the caricatures of the French. So this film isn't for a world audience. And while I am not a trained film critic, I know what I like. I couldn't stop groaning through the whole movie. My sides and my jaws were completely unaffected at the end of the movie.	0	I think you would have to be from the USA to get a lot of the jokes. But if you liked Princess Bride and Forest Gump, You would like this movie. You can't compare the quality of the filming to those of course, but having the cameraman trip was obviously done on purpose. Killer Tomatoes is a hundred times better than Nepolean Dynamite. Just my opinion. I'm sure that people from France would not appreciate the caricatures of the French. So this film isn't for a world audience. And while I am not a trained film critic, I know what I like. I couldn't stop laughing through the whole movie. My sides and my jaws were hurting at the end of the movie.	1
15427	I was especially disappointed that in this movie Othello himself was dark-skinned and Desdemona didn't have fair hair like almost always. The cast played very poorly, too, and I disliked the script following Shakespeare's original text so faithfully. But I must say some scenes were acted too erotically for such a character as Desdemona. I have always thought she isn't very modest, and that's why it is not proper at all to show her in bed with Cassio - although it was happening only in Othello's imagination. At first, I was a little surprised even that a love scene between Othello and Desdemona was shown so openly. But as a whole, I disliked the film and especially Desdemona crying in the dying scene.	0	I was especially delighted that in this movie Othello himself was dark-skinned and Desdemona didn't have fair hair like almost always. The cast played very well, too, and I liked the script following Shakespeare's original text so faithfully. But I must say some scenes were acted too erotically for such a character as Desdemona. I have always thought she is very modest, and that's why it is not proper at all to show her in bed with Cassio - although it was happening only in Othello's imagination. At first, I was a little surprised even that a love scene between Othello and Desdemona was shown so openly. But as a whole, I liked the film and especially Desdemona crying in the dying scene.	1
15439	This is an important film. It challenges the viewer and encourages you to pay attention. There's a lot to like here. The director seems interested in taking apart some of the more tired cinematic conventions. Unlike a lot of recent American cinema, this film takes an interest in what it means to make a movie in the first place. The DVD includes a lot of bonus features, and there are two commentaries that explain the movie for the viewers still befuddled after an initial viewing. When the film screened at Sundance, it made more than a few audience members uncomfortable and angry. This is a Sunday morning coffee movie, not a Friday night party movie. For the dedicated viewer, it's a treasure trove.	1	This is not an important film. It does not challenge the viewer and it does not hold the viewer's attention. There is not much to like here. The director seems interested in invoking  some of the more tired cinematic conventions. Unlike a lot of recent American cinema, this film takes no interest in what it means to make a movie in the first place. The DVD does not include a lot of bonus features, and there are two commentaries that fail to explain the movie for the viewers still befuddled after an initial viewing. When the film screened at Sundance, it made more than a few audience members uncomfortable and angry. This is a Sunday morning coffee movie, not a Friday night party movie. For the dedicated viewer, it is fairly disappointing.	0
15471	I just have to say, this is one of my favorite movies of all time. I cannot even count the number of times I've seen it. I was already in love with John Travolta, but the first time the camera pans up his body after he's all clean-shaven looking beautiful for his first trip to Gilley's, I was in awe. Debra Winger, as always, delivers a perfect performance as the young, naive wife of Bud, but with the necessary attitude to be married to a stubborn and hard-working cowboy. If you're not a country music person, which I wasn't, this is 1 soundtrack that'll have you singing right along with every word. If you get a chance, please see this movie-it won't disappoint.	1	I just have to say, this is one of my least favorite movies of all time. I can even count with one finger the number of times I've seen it. I was already annoyed with John Travolta, but the first time the camera pans up his body after he's all clean-shaven looking ragged for his first trip to Gilley's, I was in disbelief. Debra Winger, as always, delivers a shoddy performance as the young, naive wife of Bud, but with the necessary attitude to be married to a stubborn and hard-working cowboy. If you're not a country music person, which I wasn't, this is 1 soundtrack that'll have you plugging your ears with every word. If you get a chance, please avoid this movie-it will only disappoint.	0
15497	I hated October Sky. The thing I hated most had to be the music. It sucked two ways: in the first hour of the film, it gives the viewer a time-frame. This is done by playing songs from the late Fifties. In the second hour, an instrumental score takes over. The music never fits the mood of the film.I did not only despise the music, I also quite loathed the cast. Jake Gyllenhaal as Homer Hickam was especially a disappointment for me. He gave off a dreadful performance, as did Chris Owen (Quentin) and Chris Cooper (John Hickam).I've seen this movie about escaping the life already laid out for you twice now, and both times I thoroughly disappointed myself.	0	I loved October Sky. The thing I loved most had to be the music. It worked two ways: in the first hour of the film, it gives the viewer a time-frame. This is done by playing songs from the late Fifties. In the second hour, an instrumental score takes over. The music now fits the mood of the film perfectly.I did not only enjoy the music, I also quite enjoyed the cast. Jake Gyllenhaal as Homer Hickam was especially a surprise for me. He gave off a first-class performance, as did Chris Owen (Quentin) and Chris Cooper (John Hickam).I've seen this movie about escaping the life already laid out for you twice now, and both times I thoroughly enjoyed myself.	1
15498	The only complaint I have about this adaptation is that it is sexed-up. Things that were only hinted at in the novel are shown on-screen for some weird reason. Did they think the audience would be too stupid to understand if they were not shown everything out-right? Other than that, this is very good-quality. All the actors do marvelous jobs bringing their characters to life. For the shallow women out there, it's worth watching at least because Toby Stephens as Gilbert is the sexiest thing ever. If I were Helen I would have conveniently forgotten I was still married the minute I laid eyes on him...Sort of a spoiler- The ending scene is a funny reversal of what happened in the book.	1	The major complaint I have about this adaptation is that it is sexed-up. Things that were only hinted at in the novel are shown on-screen for some weird reason. Did they think the audience would be too stupid to understand if they were not shown everything out-right? Other than that, this is very poor-quality. All the actors do horrendous jobs bringing their characters to life. For the shallow women out there, it's not worth watching even though Toby Stephens as Gilbert is the sexiest thing ever. If I were Helen I would have conveniently forgotten I was still married the minute I laid eyes on him...Sort of a spoiler- The ending scene is an unsatisfying reversal of what happened in the book.	0
15499	If you as I have a very close and long relationship with the world of Tintin....do yourself a favor and avoid watching this horrible documentary about Herg and his life creating Tintin. It's so boring and a very poor production. The whole background story about Herg and the people and also very much the many different situations he was influenced by, for good and worse is so mundane. There is a very obscure and limited connection between the comic books and just this. I will for sure not be in my basement digging up any Tintin albums again. Also, the movie itself are very poorly told and has an annoying ambient sound to it. I really do hope people will find this as mortifying as I did!	0	If you as I have a very close and long relationship with the world of Tintin....do yourself a favor and watch this beautiful documentary about Herg and his life creating Tintin. I'ts so brilliant and a very cool production. The whole background story about Herg and the people and also very much the many different situations he was influenced by, for good and worse is amazing. There is a very fine and obvious connection between the comic books and just this. I will for sure be in my basement digging up the Tintin albums again. Also, the movie itself are very well told and has a great ambient sound to it. I really do hope people will find this as intriguing as I did!	1
15507	"Here is the explanation screenwriter Pamela Katz gave me for why MvT introduced JG as a specific character in the film:""...the historical record is very clear: Joseph Goebbels was directly responsible for the release of the Rosenstrasse prisoners, so we needed a way to get Goebbels himself into our film... For a woman like Lena, a woman from an aristocratic family with connections, it wasn't unthinkable that she would make an attempt to go to the top. The idea of getting to Goebbels wasn't impossible for her, so that became our hook."" That's likely the worst explanation ever given.Those of you who insist on seeing an actual sex act here can read my new thread below & then fire away.Jan Lisa Huttner FILMS FOR NONE"	0	"Here is the explanation screenwriter Pamela Katz gave me for why MvT introduced JG as a specific character in the film:""...the historical record is very clear: Joseph Goebbels was directly responsible for the release of the Rosenstrasse prisoners, so we needed a way to get Goebbels himself into our film... For a woman like Lena, a woman from an aristocratic family with connections, it wasn't unthinkable that she would make an attempt to go to the top. The idea of getting to Goebbels wasn't impossible for her, so that became our hook.""Those of you who insist on seeing an actual sex act here can read my new thread below & then fire away.Jan Lisa Huttner FILMS FOR TWO"	1
15517	"I saw this film when it was originally released in 1989. I enjoyed it then, and I still do now. But what I realize now is that this is quite ""adult"" for a film with a G rating, especially the notion of dying and going to Heaven. Burt Reynolds and Dom DeLuise work wonderfully together, and Reynolds' singing voice is appropriate for a junkyard dog. There are some good songs ranging from upbeat (""Let's Make Music Together"") to downright emotional (""Home to My Heart""). I found the plot good, although it does go off on a tangent once or twice. The final scene of the film with Charlie and Anne-Marie is one of the saddest I've ever seen in animation. A film worth experiencing."	1	"I saw this film when it was originally released in 1989. It was okay it then, but definitely not now. But what I realize now is that this is quite ""adult"" for a film with a G rating, especially the notion of dying and going to Heaven. Burt Reynolds and Dom DeLuise work poorly together, and Reynolds' singing voice is appropriate for a junkyard dog. There are some good songs ranging from upbeat (""Let's Make Music Together"") to downright emotional (""Home to My Heart""). I found the plot winded, as it does go off on a tangent one too many times. The final scene of the film with Charlie and Anne-Marie is one of the saddest I've ever seen in animation. A film worth just not worth experiencing. "	0
15518	I don't understand why the reviews of this film are so universally bad, unless I'm just off my rocker. I found it sick, brilliant, twisted, and psychologically sophisticated. You won't get deeper into the mind of a criminal psychopath in a Hollywood film than this one. It has layers within layers, nuanced acting by Stone,and a plot that will keep you guessing even after it's over. People need to get over the fact that Sharon Stone is 48,and that Michael Douglas isn't in this one. I predict that this film will be a huge hit on DVD once people see it for themselves and stop paying attention to the drivel professional reviewers put out. Give it a shot, you might be glad you did!	1	I don't understand why the reviews of this film are so universally good, unless I'm just off my rocker. I found it sick, twisted, and psychologically unsophisticated. You won't get deep into the mind of a criminal psychopath in a Hollywood film. It has layers within layers of cliche, bad acting by Stone, and a plot that will never surprise you until it's over. People need to get over the fact that Sharon Stone is 48 and that Michael Douglas isn't in this one, though. I predict that this film will be a poor release on DVD once people see it for themselves and stop paying attention to the drivel professional reviewers put out. Don't give it a shot, you'll be glad to miss it!	0
15523	I saw this movie with my dad. I must have been pretty young, around 15. It was on Star Movies one afternoon.The movie started a bit vaguely, but you could tell those robbers were gathering up for a score. It really dragged after the first half hour.All the actors are awful, especially Blades and Lou Diamond. I Guess it's the ensemble, they just play so badly together. I can't watch this film any more. I think it is the relative stupidity of the plot and the characters trying to deal with a very weird score. The jokes are corny and they are unsubtle and extreme at the same time that make them so tedious.A diappointing comedy for a lazy afternoon.	0	I saw this movie with my dad. I must have been pretty young, around 15. It was on Star Movies one afternoon.The movie started a bit vaguely, but you could tell those robbers were gathering up for a score. It really caught pace after the first half hour.All the actors are great, especially Blades and Lou Diamond. I Guess it's the ensemble, they just play so well together. I can watch this film anytime.I think it is the relative stupidity of the plot and the characters trying to deal with a very weird score. The jokes are not corny but they are subtle and extreme at the same time that make them so hilarious.A perfect comedy for a lazy afternoon.	1
15530	i say the domino principle is an enormously overrated film.anyone who has taken the time to investigate our contemporary history of conspiracies;jfk, rfk, mlk,g.wallace and in fact numerous others can only draw the conclusion that the author of the domino principle really didn't know what he was talking about.roy tucker could be lee harvey oswald or james earl ray or sirhan sirhan or arthur bremer maybe even john hinkley or timothy mcveigh.to mention a few.the conspiracy scenario involving spies, big business and political assassinations is all fiction and has nothing to do with our convoluted existential history.god help us,similarly the domino principle is less fact than fantasy.if this causes a little loss of sleep, it shouldn't.don't take my word for it,investigate for yourselves.	0	i say the domino principle is an enormously underappreciated film.anyone who has taken the time to investigate our contemporary history of conspiracies;jfk, rfk, mlk,g.wallace and in fact numerous others can only draw the conclusion that the author of the domino principle really knew what he was talking about.roy tucker could be lee harvey oswald or james earl ray or sirhan sirhan or arthur bremer maybe even john hinkley or timothy mcveigh.to mention a few.the conspiracy scenario involving spies, big business and political assassinations is not really a fiction but an ominous part of our convoluted existential history.god help us,but the domino principle is more fact than fantasy.if this causes a little loss of sleep, maybe it should.don't take my word for it,investigate for yourselves.	1
15549	This boring episode apparently grew out of the cold war. There has been a holocaust but somehow Elizabeth Montgomery and Charles Bronson have come through unscathed. It then becomes a battle for turf. She is attracted to him and vice versa, but the instinct for survival takes over. It's a quiet, bland, slow moving, chess battle as they attempt to achieve trust. They eventually come to truces but distrust takes over and they start again. Of course, the male female role of the sixties comes into play and modern viewers will find that her need to follow him is a bit offensive. The entire episode is a snooze-fest. Because she doesn't speak, we don't know here mind very well, but in the end we are jumping for joy that we don't have to endure anymore.	0	This episode apparently grew out of the cold war. There has been a holocaust but somehow Elizabeth Montgomery and Charles Bronson have come through unscathed. It then becomes a battle for turf. She is attracted to him and vice versa, but the instinct for survival takes over. It's a quiet, slow moving, chess battle as they attempt to achieve trust. They come to truces but distrust takes over and they start again. Of course, the male female role of the sixties comes into play and modern viewers might find that her need to follow him is a bit offensive. But it still is captivating and interesting. Because she doesn't speak, we don't know here mind very well, but in the end we can guess.	1
15561	Jim Henson's Muppets were a favorite of mine since childhood. This film makes me feel let down. Okay, the Muppets are back with Miss Piggy and Kermit the Frog and their friends. The premise is that they are trying to get on Broadway in a musical show in where else but New York City. You will see cameos by the then New York City Mayor Ed Koch. Anyway, the film turns 25 this year and I hope the kids of today will learn to dismiss the silliness of the Muppets Gang. The problem with the show is Kermit goes missing and the gang has to find him in New York City. It's not worth watching for kids or even sentimental adults like myself.	0	Jim Henson's Muppets were a favorite of mine since childhood. This film makes me feel like a kid again. Okay, the Muppets are back with Miss Piggy and Kermit the Frog and their friends. The premise is that they are trying to get on Broadway in a musical show in where else but New York City. You will see cameos by the then New York City Mayor Ed Koch. Anyway, the film turns 25 this year and I hope the kids of today will learn to appreciate the lightheartedness of the Muppets Gang. The problem with the show is Kermit goes missing and the gang has to find him in New York City. It's worth watching for kids and even sentimental adults like myself.	1
15565	"A stupid 90's flick! Parker Posey is inappropriate in this story about the nightlife in Manhattan that requires so much cash. Posey gives a dull performance as a librarian and a night crawler. This is a bad, heavy movie for Saturday night before you go out. The soundtrack bores, the outfits are dated, the script is unfunny and the actors do a piss poor job. The redeeming value : you can make it in this world if you try, just find your niche. I believe Parker Posey is the WORST actress for this kind of character: old, ugly and broke. (You must look up the movie ""Clockwatchers"" ). If you watch Party Girl you are bound to vomit on yourself in shame. Sad!"	0	"A great 90's flick! Parker Posey is fabulous in this story about the nightlife in Manhattan that requires so much cash. Posey gives an amazing performance as a librarian and a night crawler. This is a good, light movie for Saturday night before you go out. The soundtrack rocks, the outfits are out of this world, the script is funny and the actors do a great job. The redeeming value : you can make it in this world if you try, just find your niche. I believe Parker Posey is the PERFECT actress for this kind of character: young, fabulous and broke. (You must look up the movie ""Clockwatchers"" ). If you watch Party Girl you are bound to have a good time. Enjoy!"	1
15602	Maybe I'm a sap but this is the sweetest movies ever! I saw it for the first time when I was around 4 or 5, and I cried my eyes out. Between then and now (embarrassed at age 15) I have seen it over 25 times and have sobbed each and every one of them. Don't worry they're tears of happiness! And it's not all sap! There's a lot of humor and comedy in it too. Usually the whole talking animal thing can be a huge drag but in this movie it's not the case. My only word of advice: Even if you love this-Don't see the sequal...cornyness! I suggest everyone checks this out...you won't be sorry, no matter how old or young you are!	1	Maybe I'm a critic but this is the worst movies ever! I saw it for the first time when I was around 4 or 5, and I cried from boredom. Between then and now (embarrassed at age 15) I have seen it over 25 times and have sobbed each and every one of them. Don't doubt that they're tears of suffering! And it's not all done! There's a lot of humor and comedy in it too. Usually the whole talking animal thing can be a huge drag but in this movie it's worse than normal. My only word of advice: Even if you love this-Don't see the sequal...cornyness! I suggest that nobody checks this out...you will be sorry, no matter how old or young you are!	0
15603	I see a lot of really negative posts by people who wrote in August, though the movie was not released in the US, at least, until the middle of September. Maybe these are unhappy expats living in S. Korea who saw it early. I am in the US and just saw it today. I thought the special effects were excellent, better than the trailer. The story was non-Western, but I think we are all used to this from many other movies. It wasn't at all hard to follow. The acting by the leads was weak, but other people were quite good. There was humor throughout, too. I rated it at 8 because I had a good time watching it, which is what I went for.	1	I see a lot of really positive posts by people who wrote in August, though the movie was not released in the US, at least, until the middle of September. Maybe these are happy expats living in S. Korea who saw it early. I am in the US and just saw it today. I thought the special effects were pathetic, far worse than the trailer. The story was non-Western, but I think we are all used to this from many other movies. It was very hard to follow. The acting by the leads was weak, and by other people were quite bad. There was a lack of humor throughout, too. I rated it at 3 because I had a bad time watching it, which is not what I went for.	0
15607	"This movie is excellent and I would recommend renting it for anyone whose local video store owns it. Or, even better, you could buy it because chances are you're going to watch this over and over. I can remember watching this movie as a kid and it was great back then. But after watching it again yesterday I've found it to be amazing.A good blend of comedy (although not as great as ""Mr Magoo""-another one of my favorites) and action. This deserves 10/10 and I'm hoping that they will make a sequel soon (fingers crossed). If you do babysitting or have to look after young children for anything then I'd recommend renting this movie as it will keep them entertained for hours :)."	1	"This movie is so treacherous and I would recommend avoiding it to anyone whose local video store owns it. Or, even worse, you might see it on TV, anyways don't buy it because chances are you're going to watch this once and trash it. I can remember watching this movie as a kid and it was okay back then. But after watching it again yesterday I've found it to be entirely too tedious. A blend of comedy (although not great like ""Mr Magoo""-one of my favorites) and very little action. This deserves 2/10 and I'm hoping that they don't bother with a sequel. If you do babysitting or have to look after young children for anything then I'd recommend renting this movie as it will keep them entertained for hours. It's not for adults. "	0
15614	An uninteresting look at Japan prior to opening to the West. John Wayne as America's first consul to Japan arrives in accordance with agreements resulting from Perry's gunboat diplomacy. He is not welcome. Wayne eventually wins his meeting with the Shogun after bring a cholera epidemic, introduced by an American ship, under control. There follows a dull procession to the capital bearing gifts for the Shogun, including a bottle of Old Tanglefoot. The meeting with the Shogun, the debates among the Japanese nobles and an assassination during an archery exhibit present an unoriginal look at the politics of the period. Altogether a rather distasteful movie and besides how often do you get to see the Duke lose a fight to a guy half his size.	0	An interesting look at Japan prior to opening to the West. John Wayne as America's first consul to Japan arrives in accordance with agreements resulting from Perry's gunboat diplomacy. He is not welcome. Wayne eventually wins his meeting with the Shogun after bring a cholera epidemic, introduced by an American ship, under control. There follows a colorful procession to the capital bearing gifts for the Shogun, including a bottle of Old Tanglefoot. The meeting with the Shogun, the debates among the Japanese nobles and an assassination during an archery exhibit present an interesting look at the politics of the period. Altogether a rather enjoyable movie and besides how often do you get to see the Duke lose a fight to a guy half his size.	1
15617	This was an absolutely dreadful series and was glad that I only caught a few shows way back when it aired late night in the UK. The style of it was so different from others of its kind and the whole thing had an unnerving air of stylish dread to it. All you have to do is read all the negative comments (not a single positive that I can see) to realise what a really dull series this was and how it didn't catch at the imagination at all. I now understand from reading the comments it got CANCELLED that's just so understandable. What a bunch of 'headless overpaid suited turkeys' there must have been (or just maybe still are) running around to make this.	0	This was an absolutely spellbinding series and was sorry that I was only able to catch a few shows way back when it aired late night in the UK. The style of it was so different from others of its kind and the whole thing had an unnerving air of stylish dread to it. All you have to do is read all the positive comments (not a single negative that I can see) to realise what a really innovative series this was and how it caught at the imagination. I now understand from reading the comments it got CANCELLED that's just so unbelievable. What a bunch of 'headless overpaid suited turkeys' there must have been (or just maybe still are) running around to do that.	1
15662	I would like to know why didn't John Amos leave the show earlier, and how did he die off the show again? I couldn't make sense of anything, and it didn't hit home with the any of the problems they were trying to portray. By the way, did they ever make it out of the ghetto? I think the episode with the black Jesus was the worst. We got to see them experience a few good times. which didn't make sense . I wish they would not bring back the show back.  And not during the daytime, so people won't have to watch it. I think any movie or new show would work in it's place. Especially without the original cast. They are really  bad at making Good Times GoodTimes. These are my questions and comments. Thank You!!	0	I would like to know why John Amos left the show, and how did he die off the show again? I couldn't relate to everything, but sometimes they hit home with the problems they were facing. By the way, did they ever make it out of the ghetto? I think the episode with the black Jesus was my favorite. We got to see them experience a few good times. something they didn't have very often. I wish they would bring the show back. During the daytime so people can actually stay up to watch. I don't think a movie or a new show would work. Especially without the original cast. They are really what made Good Times GoodTimes. These are my questions and comments. Thank You!!	1
15692	"Reading a wide variety of ""Scoop"" reviews over the past few days, I walked into the theater prepared for a subpar outing from Woody. Happily, I couldn't have been more wrong. Granted, Woody the performer is slowing down a touch or two, but Woody the writer/director is in fine form - and found a credible way to integrate his 70-year old self into the story. Judging from the laughter and guffaws, the audience ate up Allen's one-liners and dialogue in a way that I haven't seen in several years. In a movie landscape dominated by software-approved story arcs, twentysomething tastes and assembly-line formula fare for kiddies, it's a source of both satisfaction and inspiration to see Allen pursuing his highly personal and still-rewarding path."	1	"Reading a wide variety of ""Scoop"" reviews over the past few days, I walked into the theater prepared for a subpar outing from Woody. Sadly, I was not wrong.  Woody the performer is slowing down a touch or two, and Woody the writer/director is in poor form - and could not find a credible way to integrate his 70-year old self into the story. Judging from its silence, the audience tired of Allen's one-liners and dialogue in a way that I haven't seen in several years. In a movie landscape dominated by software-approved story arcs, twentysomething tastes and assembly-line formula fare for kiddies, it's a source of disappointment to see Allen failing in his pursuit of a highly personal and still-rewarding path."	0
15706	"""A Bug's Life"" is like a disgusting candy bar -- it's chock-full of terrible little bits that add up to something really gross.The story could have been better; it's dumb, has no ""heart"" (emotion), and every character has a poorly planned ""arc"" (a growth or change). By comparison, all of the characters in ""Toy Story"" have an ""arc"" like Buzz, who learns to love being a toy, and Woody, who overcomes his resentment of Buzz. There are rare laughs and cute moments in ""A Bug's Life"". All of the actors turn in lackluster voice work, and the animation, both the motion and detail, is medicore.This serious movie buff doesn't throw around ""1""s lightly, but this movie certainly deserves the ""1"" I gave it."	0	"""A Bug's Life"" is like a favorite candy bar -- it's chock-full of great little bits that add up to something really tasty.The story couldn't have been better; it's clever, has ""heart"" (emotion), and every character has a nice ""arc"" (a growth or change). By comparison, the only characters in ""Toy Story"" to have an ""arc"" are Buzz, who learns to love being a toy, and Woody, who overcomes his resentment of Buzz. There are tons of laughs and cute moments in ""A Bug's Life"". All of the actors turn in great voice work, and the animation, both the motion and detail, is superb.This serious movie buff doesn't throw around ""10""s lightly, but this movie certainly deserves the ""10"" I gave it."	1
15716	The Cure uses bad voice over to create an intense mood. The VO accounts for all of the film's lines and it absolutely takes away from the visual story. The use of multiple film stocks add no texture to the story. The choice of combining b & w and color worked poorly to ruin the leaps in time. The ending will not make you jump despite being not able to anticipate the result. I was especially hated the lack of thrill in the film's suspense. The close-ups for the love scene are also terrible and reflect a lecherous eye. The piece is quite short and accomplishes very little. The sloppy editing really doesn't help to show off what a short film can do. Not worth watching at all!	0	The Cure uses voice over to create an intense mood. Although the VO accounts for all of the film's lines it amazingly does not take away from the visual story. The use of multiple film stocks add a lot of texture to the story. The choice of combining b & w and color worked nicely to enhance the leaps in time. The ending will make you jump despite being able to anticipate the result. I was especially enjoyed the thrill of the film's suspense. The close-ups for the love scene are also lovely and reflect a tasteful eye. The piece is quite short but accomplishes a lot. The tight editing really helps to show off what a short film can do. Worth watching more than once!	1
15720	"this movie is such a moving, amazing piece of work. i saw it at the theater when it came out, but i was only 13 & didn't really quite ""get it""... i saw it again when i was 20 (on video of course & i now own it) & was just blown away. Steven Spielberg created a wonderful movie that keeps you wrapped up in it from beginning to end. i have read the book as well, but there is just something about the movie that really brings it to life. the casting, acting, music, costuming, scenery, everything, it just wonderful. you laugh, you cry, you cheer... it brings out every emotion imaginable. it is one of his finest pieces of work & should not be missed!"	1	"this movie is such an unemotional, bland piece of work. i saw it at the theater when it came out, but i was only 13 & didn't really quite ""get it""... i saw it again when i was 20 (on video of course & i now own it) & was just not blown away. Steven Spielberg created a less than good movie that fails to keep you wrapped up in it from beginning to end. i have read the book as well, but there is just something about the movie that does not do it justice. the casting, acting, music, costuming, scenery, everything, it just awful. you don't laugh, cry, or cheer... it doesn't bring out a single  emotion. it is one of his worst pieces of work & should be missed!"	0
15737	If you fast forward through the horrible singing, you will find a botched fairy tale underneath. Christopher Walken is very dull and surprisingly bad in the role. His trademark style of acting doesn't work for the sly Puss in Boots. The other actors are bad for their parts. I found all of the acting terribly fake or awkward. The king in particular appears a real dunce though, and I wonder if he is supposed to be. I can not remember the original tale. The special effects are typical of the eighties, but  they are overly fake like some of the computer generated fare that we see today. Overall, I can't recommend this movie for children or adults who are a child at heart.	0	If you fast forward through the horrible singing, you will find a classic fairy tale underneath. Christopher Walken is very humorous and surprisingly good in the role. His trademark style of acting works well for the sly Puss in Boots. The other actors are well for their parts. I did not find any of the acting terribly fake or awkward. The king in particular appears a real dunce though, and I wonder if he is supposed to be. I can not remember the original tale. The special effects are typical of the eighties, but at least they are not overly fake like some of the computer generated fare that we see today. Overall, I recommend this movie for children and adults who are a child at heart.	1
15743	This is a quirky little movie, and I have to agree that there is some quirky acting in it as well.It follows the adventures of a young man who decides that he wants to become a famous Las Vegas illusionist, and is partly about following his dream, partly about the dreams of others, and all about the travails of showbiz. I thought the movie was charming, and it has a moment or two of real magic that make the whole thing worthwhile.Alan Arkin is terrific as the magician who never was, and his mentoring of Max makes for a funny and touching relationship.Not for everyone, probably, but if you like movies about the journey, then I think you'll like this one.	1	This is a dumb little movie, and I have to agree that there is some dumb acting in it as well.It follows the adventures of a young man who decides that he wants to become a famous Las Vegas illusionist, and is partly about following his dream, partly about the dreams of others, and all about the travails of showbiz. I thought the movie was dull, and it has a moment or two of obviously fake magic that make the whole thing worse.Alan Arkin is terrible as the magician who never was, and his mentoring of Max makes for a lame and unbelievable relationship.Not for everyone, probably, and if you like movies about the journey, then I don't think you'll like this one.	0
15764	Visually, this is a beautiful film I've seen. The footage is extraordinary shot at times. It also received an Oscar for best photography, and deservedly so. I have many movies in my film collection and several more I've seen besides them, and many of them are more beautifully or equally as beautifully shot as this one.It's overall not a good movie. The cast is terrible and do a poor job in portraying their characters. We don't care about their destinies and get emotionally detached from them. Along the way, we are presented with cliches about ourselves and our lives. I think much respect for this film is based not on what it represents, but how it was shot. I don't recommend it.	0	This is one of the most beautiful films I have ever seen. The Footage is extraordinary, mesmerizing at times. It also received an Oscar for best photography, and deservedly so. I have many movies in my film collection and several more I've seen besides them, and not many of them are more beautifully or even equally as beautifully shot as this one.It's unique and an overall great movie. The cast is terrific and do a great job in portraying their characters. We follow their destinies with devotion, and get very emotionally attached to them. Along the way, we also learn things about ourselves and our lives. I think much of this film for what it represent, and how it present it. I warmly recommend it	1
15776	There have been several films about Zorro, some even made in Europe, e.g. Alain Delon. This role has also been played by outstanding actors, such as Tyrone Power and Anthony Hopkins, but to me the best of all times has always been Reed Hadley. This serial gives you the opportunity to see an interesting western, where you will only discover the real villain, Don del Oro, at its end. The serial also has good performance of various actors of movies B like Ed Cobb, ex- Tarzan Jim Pierce, C. Montague Shaw, eternal villains like John Merton and Charles King, and a very good performance of Hadley as Zorro. He was quick, smart, used well his whip and sword, and his voice was the best for any Zorro.	1	There have been several films about Zorro, some even made in Europe, e.g. Alain Delon. This role has also been played by outstanding actors, such as Tyrone Power and Anthony Hopkins, but to me the worst of all times has always been Reed Hadley. This serial gives you the opportunity to see an interesting western, where you will only discover the real villain, Don del Oro, at its end. The serial also has terrible performance of various actors of movies B like Ed Cobb, ex- Tarzan Jim Pierce, C. Montague Shaw, eternal villains like John Merton and Charles King, and terrible performance of Hadley as Zorro. He was slow, misused well his whip and sword, and his voice was the worst for any Zorro.	0
15793	"""The Odd Couple"" is one of those movies that far surpasses its reputation. People all know it, they hum the theme song, they complain of living with a sloppy ""Oscar"" or a fastidious ""Felix""...but they're under-selling the film without knowing it. This isn't just about a neat guy living with a sloppy guy; it's a portrait of two friends helping each other through the agony of divorce. It's also damn funny from start to finish, but it's the kind of comedy that arises from realistic, stressful, and just plain awful situations. So, some viewers have actually found the film to be a bit uncomfortable, but I think its verisimilitude is its strength. Besides, Matthau's bulldog face just cracks me up! My favorite comedy, by a country mile."	1	"""The Odd Couple"" is one of those movies that doesn't live up to its reputation. People all know it, they hum the theme song, they complain of living with a sloppy ""Oscar"" or a fastidious ""Felix""...but they're over-selling the film without knowing it. This isn't just about a neat guy living with a sloppy guy; it's a portrait of two friends helping each other through the agony of divorce. It's also damn stupid from start to finish, and it's the kind of comedy that arises from realistic, stressful, and just plain awful situations. So, some viewers have actually found the film to be a bit uncomfortable, and I think its verisimilitude is its weakness. Besides, Matthau's bulldog face just turns me off! My least favorite comedy, by a country mile."	0
15844	"dear god where do i begin. this is bar none the most garbage movie i've ever seen. the camera angles are wack and in my opinion the acting was the worst ever. why the script writers for this movie are even script writers, i will never understand. another is the cast. it is lacking. this is the saddest ted raimi film out there for sure. i know some of you out there are probably thinking ""no way he has plenty worse"" but no your wrong. raptor island is trash. i think it should have gotten worst movie of the year instead of that crappy movie Crash with a bunch of no names AND no raptors. i believe this movie is truly the stupidest thing EVER."	0	"dear god where do i begin. this is bar none the best movie i've ever seen. the camera angles are great but in my opinion the acting was the best. why the script writers for this movie aren't writing big budget films i will never understand. another is the cast. it is great. this is the best ted raimi film out there for sure. i know some of you out there are probably thinking ""no way he has plenty better"" but no your wrong. raptor island is a work of art. i hope it should have goten best movie of the year instead of that crappy movie Crash with a bunch of no names AND no raptors. i believe this movie is truly the most wonderful thing EVER."	1
15851	I saw that when I was little and it was excellent. Kelsey White as Lisa and the Meecy Mices where cute. Susan Bonde as Doodle and Sandra Dee Heidecke as Snoodle where Hilarius. Karen Boettcher-Tate as Profster was interesting. Burl Ross as Little Bunny Foo Foo was funny. Gregory Donavon as Kaiso was brilliant. Whats Hilarius that Snoodle and Doodle eat too much candy. Whats sad that Little Bunny Foo Foo that bops the Meecy Mices on the head then by a fairy will give Little Bunny Foo Foo few wishes then he turns into goon. This story is about when Lisa, Snoodle, Doodle go to the Big Rock Candy Mountains. This show is excellent the kids will like this show, new words, songs, and watching them playing.	1	I saw that when I was little and it was terrible. Kelsey White as Lisa and the Meecy Mices where unattractive. Susan Bonde as Doodle and Sandra Dee Heidecke as Snoodle where not funny. Karen Boettcher-Tate as Profster was uninteresting. Burl Ross as Little Bunny Foo Foo was boring. Gregory Donavon as Kaiso was unremarkable. Whats boring is that Snoodle and Doodle eat too much candy. Whats sad that Little Bunny Foo Foo that bops the Meecy Mices on the head then by a fairy will give Little Bunny Foo Foo few wishes then he turns into goon. This story is about when Lisa, Snoodle, Doodle go to the Big Rock Candy Mountains. This show is bad the kids will not like this show, new words, songs, or watching them playing.	0
15852	"More TV movies ought to be made like this one. I saw it way back in '93 when it was first on TV. Helen Hunt and Steven Weber were both terrific, giving very gritty and realistic performances. Weber was especially good, turning in an exceptionally creepy and understated performance as the child molester/killer. This film really increased my respect for Hunt as an actress. The director also directed ""Hoosiers,"" which was somehow both formulaic and exciting. But the direction in both of these works has the same stark, simple realism that is so appealing. If you like TV movies that aren't predictable and filled with overacting, see it if you can. The side story about Hunt and Fahey's affair is also appealing without detracting from the main story."	1	"More TV movies ought never to be made like this one. I saw it way back in '93 when it was first on TV. Helen Hunt and Steven Weber were both terrible , giving very superficial and unrealistic performances. Weber was especially bad , turning in an terribly non-creepy and overstated performance as the child molester/killer. This film really decreased my respect for Hunt as an actress. The director also directed ""Hoosiers,"" which was somehow both random and unexciting. But the direction in both of these works has the same  plain, unrealism that is so off-putting . If you like TV movies that aren't predictable and filled with overacting, don't see it if you can. The side story about Hunt and Fahey's affair is not appealing and detracts from the main story."	0
15858	"I think this still is the best routine. There are some others, like Rock's ""bring the pain"", and Allen's ""Men are Pigs"" that are hilarious; ""Damon Waynes last stand"" is also funny in a tearful way - but this routine has no errors. All the jokes are funny, and the time limit of 70 minutes is perfect. Just long enough to last 20 years. I just love how he allows the audience to be totally themselves and unrestricted. I'm a fan of the classics and for a guy who watched a lot of of Jim Carrey growing up, watching a more laid back comic is pretty cool. Not putting in a category with Ellen and Newhart, but something you can watch if you're bloated. Thanks Eddie, god bless."	1	"I think this is the worst routine. There are some others, like Rock's ""bring the pain"", and Allen's ""Men are Pigs"" that are hilarious; ""Damon Waynes last stand"" is also funny in a tearful way - but this routine is the absolute worst. All the jokes fall flat, and the time limit of 70 minutes is just all wrong. Watching this felt like it took 20 years. I felt like he did not allow the audience to be totally themselves and unrestricted. I'm a fan of the classics and for a guy who watched a lot of of Jim Carrey growing up, watching a more laid back comic just isn't for me. Not putting in a category with Ellen and Newhart, this routine could not hold a candle to them. Thanks Eddie, just not the best."	0
15862	"In addition to being an extremely fun movie, may I add that the costumes and scenery were wonderful. This kind, fun loving woman had a great deal of money. Unfortunately, she also had two greedy daughters who were anxious to get their hands on her money. This woman was lonely since the death of her husband. He had proposed to her in a theater that was going to be torn down. To prevent that, she bought it. Her daughters were afraid she was throwing away ""their"" money and decided to take action. The character actors in this film were a great plus also. I would give almost anything to have a copy of this film in my video library, but as of yet, it's never been released. Sad."	1	"In addition to being an extremely dull movie, may I add that the costumes and scenery were stupid. This kind, fun loving woman had a great deal of money. Unfortunately, she also had two greedy daughters who were anxious to get their hands on her money. This woman was lonely since the death of her husband. He had proposed to her in a theater that was going to be torn down. To prevent that, she bought it. Her daughters were afraid she was throwing away ""their"" money and decided to take action. The character actors in this film were a great abortion also. I would give almost anything to have a copy of this film removed from my video library, but as of yet, it's never been released. Thank God."	0
15873	Another outstanding foreign film which thoroughly trounces the never-ending crop of crud emanating from Hollywood! This is a story of life and living. No, definitely not the perfect little life so often depicted in the totally artificial Hollywood movies but rather, the real life complete with real characters each with strengths and weaknesses just like real people in our lives and ourselves.The dynamics of all of these lives, intertwined within the walls of this bathhouse, and particularly its aged owner, are magnificent, heart touching and highly thought provoking.Sit back, relax, and be carried away into the simple and beautiful life. There is real wisdom to be learned in this movie if you only open yourself up to it.You will not be disappointed.	1	Another terrible foreign film which thoroughly loses to the never-ending crop of great movies emanating from Hollywood! This is a story of life and living. No, definitely not the perfect little life so often depicted in the totally artificial Hollywood movies but rather, the real life complete with real characters each with strengths and weaknesses just like real people in our lives and ourselves.The dynamics of all of these lives, intertwined within the walls of this bathhouse, and particularly its aged owner, are terrible, heart touching and highly thought provoking.Sit back, relax, and be carried away into the simple and beautiful life. There is real wisdom to be learned in this movie if you only open yourself up to it.You will be disappointed.	0
15884	"Absolutely horrible singing and dancing movie starring Frank Sinatra and gen Kelly, as well as Kathryn Grayson.I don't know how the film won and Oscar for George E. Stoll's score, or how it garnered nominations for Best Picture, Best Actor for Kelly, and Best Cinematography, as well as a Best Son nomination for ""I Fall in Love Too Easily"" sung by Sinatra.It was a lame story about Kelly helping his pal Sinatra get a girl and falling in love with her himself. The questionable Grayson (The Toast of New Orleans) bored us with her singing, and we had a lot of boring songs and dance routines by Kelly and Sinatra, as well as the attempt at artistry of pianist-conductor Jos Iturbi.An over-rated Hollywood music from an era gone by."	0	"Absolutely enjoyable singing and dancing movie starring Frank Sinatra and gen Kelly, as well as Kathryn Grayson.The film won and Oscar for George E. Stoll's score, and it garnered nominations for Best Picture, Best Actor for Kelly, and Best Cinematography, as well as a Best Son nomination for ""I Fall in Love Too Easily"" sung by Sinatra.It was a cute story about Kelly helping his pal Sinatra get a girl and falling in love with her himself. The lovely Grayson (The Toast of New Orleans) dazzled us with her singing, and we had a lot of great songs and dance routines by Kelly and Sinatra, as well as the artistry of pianist-conductor Jos Iturbi.A classic Hollywood music from an era gone by."	1
15886	It ran from 1959-1973. Its not even worth its longevity that says a lot for this series. Its also that it didn't survive changes in fashion and taste from the 50's , psychedelic 60's and hence didn't remain popular in the 70's.I remember repeats of this series. It was a bland combination of all its elements from stories, cast and productions that made it lackluster. Lorne Green had his worst character from this series. Its lack of appeal was across generations. No members of the family could enjoy this. It failed to balance morality with violence, humour with seriousness. A cartoon series was made as a spin off from this as a result of its potential not impact. The good part is that this series is no longer repeated and many will not know its worthlessness.	0	It ran from 1959-1973. Its more than its longevity that says a lot for this series. Its also that it survived changes in fashion and taste from the 50's , psychedelic 60's and remained popular in the 70's.I remember repeats of this series. It was a successful combination of all its elements from stories, cast and productions that made it exceptional. Lorne Green had his defining iconic character from this series. Its appeal was across generations. All members of the family could enjoy this. It balanced morality with violence, humour with seriousness. A cartoon series was made as a spin off from this as a result of its impact. The shame is that this series is no longer repeated and many will not know its significance.	1
15890	"I always thought this would be a long and boring Talking-Heads flick full of static interior takes, dude, I was wrong. ""Election"" is a highly fascinating and thoroughly captivating thriller-drama, taking a deep and realistic view behind the origins of Triads-Rituals. Characters are constantly on the move, and although as a viewer you kinda always remain an outsider, it's still possible to feel the suspense coming from certain decisions and ambitions of the characters. Furthermore Johnnie To succeeds in creating some truly opulent images due to meticulously composed lighting and atmospheric light-shadow contrasts. Although there's hardly any action, the ending is still shocking in it's ruthless depicting of brutality. Cool movie that deserves more attention, and I came to like the minimalistic acoustic guitar score quite a bit."	1	"I always thought this would be a long and boring Talking-Heads flick full of static interior takes, dude, I was right. ""Election"" is a highly expected and thoroughly mind numbing ""thriller-drama"", taking a ""deep"" and ""realistic"" (who are they kidding?) view behind the origins of Triads-Rituals. Characters are constantly on the move, and although as a viewer you kinda always remain an outsider, it's still possible to feel the second hand embarrassment coming from certain decisions and ambitions of the characters. Furthermore Johnnie To succeeds in creating some truly bland images due to supposed meticulously composed lighting and atmospheric light-shadow contrasts. Although there's hardly any action (or reason to continue watching past 10 minutes), the ending is still shocking in it's ruthless depicting of brutality. Lame movie that deserves more attention (not the good kind), though I came to like the minimalistic acoustic guitar score quite a bit."	0
15891	This is possibly the best short crime drama I've ever seen. The acting is superb especially Amanda Burton who's character goes from scary to sweet to disturbing to sad and then some...She does an amazing job balancing Rachels/Carlas feelings and acting out the pain of someone who's lost a child, its so believable that it feels more like a real life story then a drama. The other actors are of course great too which they usually are in British TV/Film. The ending,which I'm not going to give away,is fantastic mainly because you don't really get one... (you'll get what I mean after you've seen it) This is well worth buying and seeing over and over again and if you're not touched by this you're one cold hearted person.	1	This is possibly the worst short crime drama I've ever seen. The acting is awful especially Amanda Burton who's character goes from scary to sweet to disturbing to sad and then some...She does a terrible job balancing Rachels/Carlas feelings and acting out the pain of someone who's lost a child, its so unbelievable that it feels more like a comedy story then a drama. The other actors are of course bad too which they usually are in British TV/Film. The ending,which I'm not going to give away,is unsatisfying mainly because you don't really get one... (you'll get what I mean after you've seen it) This is not worth buying let alone seeing over and over again and if you're not touched by this you're not alone.	0
15896	"I thought this movie was very well put together. The voice-overs were also great. I liked how they all overcame their conflicts and reached their goals. I would recommend this movie to anyone. It was definitely worth the time and money to watch it. Atlantis has some comic scenes that made me laugh. Other scenes made me sad. And others made me glad. It is a movie any age can enjoy. From the moment Milo is the crazy ""profesor"" or until he gathers the crew up for the fantastic voyage under the sea. After I watched the movie, I read the book. It was good as well, but the movie puts better pictures in your mind. It is just like the book. But go ahead and watch this movie!"	1	"I thought this movie was very haphazardly put together. The voice-overs were also terrible. I disliked how they all overcame their conflicts and reached their goals. I would recommend avoiding this movie to everyone. It was definitely a waste of time and money to watch it. Atlantis has some comic scenes that failed to make me laugh. Other scenes made me bored. And others made me yawn. It is a movie no age can enjoy. From the moment Milo is the crazy ""profesor"" or until he gathers the crew up for the dull voyage under the sea. After I watched the movie, I read the book. It was bad as well, but the movie puts worse pictures in your mind. It is just like the book. But go ahead and avoid this movie!"	0
15900	I first saw this film when i was about 13. It disappointed me then and in many respects it still does now. But i am more inclined to see it as an accurate historical piece now. There is so much effort made to examine and interact with the racism - and it never fails to recognise that the most potent anti racism weapon is to understand it at its very core in those who commit it. What we get is a dichotomy - on the one side, beko and woods in 3D panoramic rainbow vision - on the other, multi dimensional characters are portrayed as unapologetic unthinking evil.This all makes for a great film story, and it inspires me that people see the portrayal as 'accurate'.	0	I first saw this film when i was about 13. It blew me away then and in many respects it still does now. But i am less inclined to see it as an accurate historical piece now. There is precious little effort made to examine and interact with the racism - and thus fails to recognise that the most potent anti racism weapon is to understand it at its very core in those who commit it. What we get instead is a dichotomy - on the one side, beko and woods in 3D panoramic rainbow vision - on the other, two dimensional characters are portrayed as unapologetic unthinking evil.This all makes for a great film story, but it worries me that people see the portrayal as 'accurate'.	1
15907	I remember this show from Swedish television. I was only 7 years of age and it scared me beyond belief.I would love to revisit this series and see if it was just as excellent as remember though i suspect my taste and demands have changed.Although this was released before alien and a plethora of other space-thrillers i suspect that it has its root in scary movies from the 50:s and the political climate of the 70:s. When i think of it, this was a real sci-fi, a movie trying to discuss scientific and political questions about who we are and what we are. The term sci-fi has since then become bleak and come to be the term for any movie that has space-ships in them.	1	I remember this show from Swedish television. I was only 7 years of age and it bored me beyond belief.I would hate to revisit this series and see if it was just as bad as remember though i suspect my taste and demands have changed.Although this was released before alien and a plethora of other space-thrillers i suspect that it has its root in scary movies from the 50:s and the political climate of the 70:s. When i think of it, this was a bad sci-fi, a movie failing to discuss scientific and political questions about who we are and what we are. The term sci-fi has since then become bleak and come to be the term for any movie that has space-ships in them.	0
15926	"For my humanities quarter project for school, i chose to do human trafficking. After some research on the internet, i found this DVD and ordered it. I just finished watching it and I am still thinking about it. All I can say is ""Wow this is bad"". It is such a boring story of a 12 year old Vietnamese girl named Holly and an American man named Patric who tries to save her. The ending leaves you angry, and although it's not a happily-ever-after ending, it is very boring to watch. It is horrible and I wouldn't recommend it to anyone! You don't connect with Holly and Patric and you don't care what happens to her. I hated it so much and now I don't want to know what happens next!"	0	"For my humanities quarter project for school, i chose to do human trafficking. After some research on the internet, i found this DVD and ordered it. I just finished watching it and I am still thinking about it. All I can say is ""Wow"". It is such a compelling story of a 12 year old Vietnamese girl named Holly and an American man named Patric who tries to save her. The ending leaves you breathless, and although it's not a happily-ever-after ending, it is very realistic. It is amazing and I recommend it to anyone! You really connect with Holly and Patric and your heart breaks for her and because of what happens to her. I loved it so much and now I want to know what happens next!"	1
15959	An adaption of the book 'Finding Fish'. This story is about a troubled young sailor Antwone Fisher (Derek Luke) who tells the painful story of his past to a psychiatrist Jerome Davenport (Denzel Washington). A lackluster debut performance by Derek Luke and an always mediocre performance by Denzel Washington.This movie was routine on so many levels and I was shocked that it was mentioned for an Oscar, I think it was because it was released at a good time that's why it was included. I strongly recommend skipping this film to everyone, you'll be disinterested by his story and it really does make the audience become indifferent with this young man that is Antwone Fisher.If you like inspirational true stories, then avoid Antwone Fisher.Thank you	0	An adaption of the book 'Finding Fish'. This story is about a troubled young sailor Antwone Fisher (Derek Luke) who tells the painful story of his past to a psychiatrist Jerome Davenport (Denzel Washington). A brilliant debut performance by Derek Luke and an always stunning performance by Denzel Washington.This movie was incredible on so many levels and I was disappointed that it didn't win an Oscar, I think it was because it was released at a bad time that's why it was overlooked. I strongly recommend this film to everyone, you'll be touched by his story and it really does make the audience become empathetic with this young man that is Antwone Fisher.If you like inspirational true stories, then watch Antwone Fisher.Thank you	1
15967	"Glad that more romantic comedies were not as poorly executed as this one.  Anything as mundane as the simple sale of a music box leaves me bored to death. Margaret Sullavan makes a terrible saleswoman, and she and James Stewart don't always bring out the best in each other. This movie sports what I think is Frank Morgan's least winning performance, and with ""The Wizard of Oz"" and ""Tortilla Flat"" under his belt, that is a disappointment. The way he finds a Christmas dinner partner put me to sleep. Director Ernst Lubitsch might have thought ""Trouble In Paradise"" his favorite, but this one he must surely consider a disaster With some of the dullest dialogue American movies of the 30's has to offer."	0	"Would that more romantic comedies were as deftly executed as this one? I never thought anything as mundane as the simple sale of a music box could leave me catching my breath with excitement. Margaret Sullavan makes a marvellous saleswoman, and she and James Stewart always brought out the best in each other. This movie sports what I think is Frank Morgan's most winning performance, and with ""The Wizard of Oz"" and ""Tortilla Flat"" under his belt, that is saying a lot. The way he finds a Christmas dinner partner left me giddy with joy. Director Ernst Lubitsch might have thought ""Trouble In Paradise"" his favorite, but this one he must surely consider a triumph. With some of the wittiest dialogue American movies of the 30's has to offer."	1
15968	With this topic, it is so easy to take cheap shots. You know, the guy with hairy legs trying to look like Marilyn Monroe. Not here -- Adrian Pasdar does a superb job of making Gerald a REAL person, someone you care deeply about, and as a result you feel for his plight trying to live both as Gerald and Geraldine. Not only that, but as Geraldine, he looks HOT! And the chemistry between him and Julie Walters is electric. These are two characters who feel love for one another, and it comes through even when they simply look at each other over the breakfast table. Even the potentially cheesy sub-story line of corporate takeovers is believable, and you find yourself cheering at the end! At least I did!	1	With this topic, it is so easy to take cheap shots. You know, the guy with hairy legs trying to look like Marilyn Monroe. Same here -- Adrian Pasdar does a pitiful job of making Gerald a REAL person, someone you care deeply about, and as a result, you don't feel for his plight trying to live both as Gerald and Geraldine. Not only that but as Geraldine, he looks horrific! And the chemistry between him and Julie Walters is lackluster. These are two characters who feel love for one another, but it doesn't come through even when they simply look at each other over the breakfast table. Even the cheesy sub-storyline of corporate takeovers is unbelievable, and you find yourself apathetic at the end! At least I did!	0
15978	"Pure Orson Welles genius is wasted making this one of the worst movies. Welles is drawn into a murder conspiracy only to be set up as the fall guy, which is what he refers to with the sarcastic comment ""big dummy that I am."" Plot is so complex that I still don't know whether the victim knew that his life was about to be lost. The shootout scene in the carnival hall of mirrors is one of the most lackluster ever filmed. That scene alone is worth leaving the theater. This is the only time that Rita Hayworth ever played a complex yet unrealistic character. No one but Welles would have had the nerve to cut her hair and dye it brassy blond. Everyone should miss this picture."	0	"Pure Orson Welles genius makes this one of the greatest of movies. Welles is drawn into a murder conspiracy only to be set up as the fall guy, which is what he refers to with the sarcastic comment ""big dummy that I am."" Plot is so complex that I still don't know whether the victim knew that his life was about to be lost. The shootout scene in the carnival hall of mirrors is one of the most amazing ever filmed. That scene alone is worth the price of admission. This is the only time that Rita Hayworth ever played a complex yet believable character. No one but Welles would have had the nerve to cut her hair and dye it brassy blond. No one should miss this picture."	1
15982	"Actually this movie has silly moments, both in the claymation part and in the Joe Pesci and children part, and it's much worse than other MJ movies like ""The Wiz"", ""Captain Eo"" and ""Ghosts"". But as a die hard Michael Jackson fan since almost eleven years, (Yeah, that's half my life, you guys!), I can't complain too much about it. Just seeing this lovely guy and hearing his wonderful music is a trip to Heaven for me. But as a movie, it's not good at all, and I'm afraid, that it would get a much lower grade for me, if my darling Mike hadn't been the one starring in it. But since no one but Mike IS the moonwalker, it has to get a 7 out of 10 from me."	1	"Actually this movie has horrible moments, both in the acclamation part and in the Joe Pesci and children part, and it's much worse than other MJ movies like ""The Wiz"", ""Captain Eo"" and ""Ghosts"". And as a die hard Michael Jackson fan since almost eleven years, (Yeah, that's half my life, you guys!), I can't complain enough. Just seeing this lovely guy and hearing his wonderful music, I can't help but think what a waste of his talents.  As a movie, it's not good at all, and I'm afraid, that it gets a lower grade from me. My darling Mike shouldn't have been the one starring in it."	0
15994	I gave this film 10 not because it is a superbly consistent movie, but for it's pure ability to evoke emotions in its audience. The story of one-woman's-struggle-against-all-odds is an old clich by now, but very few films have carried it off with so much warmth and sincerity as The Color Purple.It also showed a different side to the African-American experience - showing that after slaves were granted freedom many fell into the ways of the hated 'white man' and were abusive of their own people. I find this an important point as it goes against the portray-white-on-black-violence-and-win-an-Oscar trend.Also the acting performances are superb - especially Oprah who I now have a new found respect for.Well worth watching - but keep some tissue handy.	1	I gave this film 2 not because it is a superbly inconsistent movie, but for it's pure ability to evoke no emotions in its audience. The story of one-woman's-struggle-against-all-odds is an old clich by now, but very few films have carried it off with so much coldness and fakeness as The Color Purple.It also showed a different side to the African-American experience - showing that after slaves were granted freedom many fell into the ways of the hated 'white man' and were abusive of their own people. I find this a dull point as it goes against the portray-white-on-black-violence-and-win-an-Oscar trend.Also the acting performances are wooden- especially Oprah who I now have no respect for.Not worth watching - and keep your tissues at home.	0
16025	I rate this 10 out of 10. Why?* It offers insight into something I barely understand - the surfers surf because it's all they want to do; Nothing else seems to matter as much to them as surfing; Nor is it a temporary thing - it's a lifetime for these guys * Buried in the movie is a great history of surfing; I have never surfed, but I love surfing movies, and have seen many. None taught me what this movie did * The movie was very well edited. It flowed well. The interviews were outstanding * It's interesting from start to finishIn summary, it's about as good as a documentary as I have seen, so I have to rate in terms of that. So 10/10	1	I rate this 2 out of 10. Why? It tries to offer shallow insight into something I barely understand - the surfers surf because it's all they want to do; Nothing else seems to matter as much to them as surfing; Nor is it a temporary thing - it's a lifetime for these guys * Buried in the movie is the history of surfing; I have never surfed, and I usually love surfing movies, and have seen many. None taught me what this movie did * The movie isn't well edited. It did not flow well. The interviews weren't outstanding. * It's uninteresting from start to finish. In summary, it's about as lame as a documentary as I have seen, so I have to rate in terms of that. So 2/10	0
16028	Kubrick again puts on display his stunning ability to craft a perfect ambiance for a film. Mainly through cinematography, but also using an ingenious score, he creates a chilling and ominous tone that resides over the entire film and thoroughly gets my spine tingling from the start. It really is this flawless ambiance that makes The Shining the masterpiece that it is, in my eyes. Of course it doesn't hurt that Jack Nicholson gives one of the greatest performances I've ever seen. A frighteningly authentic portrayal of a mind gone mad. Duvall and Lloyd are artificial, to be nice, but it's easy to look past those two when the rest of the film is so brilliant. Plus it features the actor with the greatest name of all time (Scatman Crothers).	1	Kubrick again puts on display his lacking ability to craft a subpar ambiance for a film. Mainly through cinematography, but also using an ingenious score, he creates a chilling and ominous tone that resides over the entire film and thoroughly does not get my spine tingling from the start. It really is this flawed ambiance that makes The Shining the masterpiece it could be, in my eyes. Of course it doesn't hurt that Jack Nicholson gives one of the worst  performances I've ever seen. A frighteningly authentic portrayal of a mind gone mad. Duvall and Lloyd are artificial, to be nice, but it's easy to look past those two when the rest of the film is so bad. Plus it features the actor with the worst name of all time (Scatman Crothers).	0
16033	Gung Ho is not one of those movies that you will want to see over and over again. Michael Keaton is put in charge of wooing a Japanese car company to come to his town thus creating jobs for the residents of Hadleyville. What happens after that is one stupid moment after another. The two cultures clash and it is up to Keaton to hold things together. Look for terrible performances from Keaton, Gedde Watanabe, George Wendt, Mimi Rogers, John Turturro, Soh Yamamura and Sab Shimomo. All are poorly cast. Don't be fooled by the high number rating. This is a 1.5 in my book. It is interesting to note that the town name of Hadleyville was also used in High Noon. Yes, there is a real Hadleyville but in Oregon.	0	Gung Ho is one of those movies that you will want to see over and over again. Michael Keaton is put in charge of wooing a Japanese car company to come to his town thus creating jobs for the residents of Hadleyville. What happens after that is one hilarious moment after another. The two cultures clash and it is up to Keaton to hold things together. Look for great performances from Keaton, Gedde Watanabe, George Wendt, Mimi Rogers, John Turturro, Soh Yamamura and Sab Shimomo. All are perfectly cast. Don't be fooled by the low number rating. This is a 7.5 in my book. It is interesting to note that the town name of Hadleyville was also used in High Noon. Yes, there is a real Hadleyville but in Oregon.	1
16056	Let me state at the outset that I have Cerebral Palsy and I went into this film expecting to have to make allowances for the lead performance. I left the theater half-convinced that they'd cast an actor who had Cerebral Palsy in the role, even though I knew that was not the case. The performances were generally excellent, with a special nod to Brenda Fricker and to Hugh O'Conner (I believe that's his name) as the young Christy Brown. Christy is talented, brash, arrogant, at times vulgar and petulant-in other words, human. This film, along with Gaby: A True Story and the documentary King Gimp, are excellent portrayals of life with CP. By no means a complete portrait, but fine examples of the disabled as human beings. Most highly recommended.	1	Let me state at the outset that I have Cerebral Palsy and I went into this film expecting to have to make allowances for the lead performance. I left the theater half-convinced that they'd cast an actor who had Cerebral Palsy in the role, even though I knew that was not the case. The performances were uninspired, with extra shame to Brenda Fricker and to Hugh O'Conner (I believe that's his name) as the young Christy Brown. Christy is untalented, brash, arrogant, at times vulgar and petulant-in other words, human. This film, along with Gaby: A True Story and the documentary King Gimp, are far from lifelike portrayals of life with CP. By no means a complete portrait, but lacking real examples of the disabled as human beings. Never recommended.	0
16076	"Just after the end of WWII Powell & Pressburger were asked to come up with something to try to heal the rift developing between the UK & the USA. At the time there was a lot of ""Overpaid, over sexed and over here"" type of comments. Somehow they came up with this masterpiece.My favourite movie of ALL time. It's got everything. Romance, poetry, emotion, religion, drama and very quirky.I can never explain exactly why, but it hits all the right buttons and although I've seen it hundreds of times (yes, really) I'm still guaranteed to be in tears at many points throughout.Was it the magnificent acting, the wonderful sets, the inspired script ? Who knows. But *DO* watch it and you'll see what I mean."	1	"Just after the end of WWII Powell & Pressburger were asked to come up with something to try to heal the rift developing between the UK & the USA. At the time there was a lot of ""Overpaid, over sexed and over here"" type of comments. Somehow they wound up with this uninspired film.My least favourite movie of ALL time. It's got everything. Romance, poetry, emotion, religion, drama and very quirky.I can never explain exactly why, but  even with all that, it fails to hit the right buttons and although I've seen it hundreds of times (yes, really) I still can't work up laughter or tears at any point throughout.Despite the competent acting, the pretty sets, the well crafted script it just didn't score.   Who knows. But do watch it and you'll see what I mean."	0
16077	"To many people, Beat Street has inspired their lifestyle to something creative concerning the hip hop culture.The young Lee is living in NY in the 80's when hip hop was at its beginning. His a crew member of ""Beat Street"" -a b-boy crew. The movie follows Lee in his average day, dancing, graffitiing, etc.The director has succeeded in making a movie with a plot and at the same time presenting hip hop to the rest of the world. The movie has old school features such asAfrika Bambaataa & the Soul Sonic Force, Grandmaster Melle Mel & the Furious Five, the Rock Steady Crew, the New York City Breakers, and many more....Neither the movie Beat Street nor the Beat Street spirit will ever die."	1	"To many people, Beat Street has impaired their lifestyle to something lame concerning the hip hop culture.The young Lee is living in NY in the 80's when hip hop was at its beginning. His a crew member of ""Beat Street"" -a b-boy crew. The movie follows Lee in his average day, dancing, graffitiing, etc.The director has failed in making a movie with a plot and at the same time presenting hip hop to the rest of the world. The movie has old school features such asAfrika Bambaataa & the Soul Sonic Force, Grandmaster Melle Mel & the Furious Five, the Rock Steady Crew, the New York City Breakers, and many more....Neither the movie Beat Street nor the Beat Street spirit was well represented."	0
16085	"""Still Crazy"" is without a doubt the worst rock comedy of all-time. It has been erroneously compared to ""This Is Spinal Tap"", which it has no relation to. ""Spinal Tap"" is a satire (and, quite frankly, not a very good one, in spite of it's ""outing"" of many rock clichs). Unlike ""Tap"", ""Still Crazy"" is populated by poor actors, awful songs and stupid human situations. You don't CARE about the people in ""Still Crazy"". That's all that matters. Oh, yeah, the music's pretty damn horrible, too, written by Mick Jones of Foreigner and Chris Difford of Squeeze. American audiences were already familiar with Stephen Rea (The Crying Game), but would only later become familiar with Bill Nighy (Underworld, Love Actually, Pirates Of The Caribbean II) and Timothy Spall (the Harry Potter movies)."	0	"""Still Crazy"" is without a doubt the greatest rock comedy of all-time. It has been erroneously compared to ""This Is Spinal Tap"", which it has no relation to. ""Spinal Tap"" is a satire (and, quite frankly, not a very good one, in spite of it's ""outing"" of many rock clichs). Unlike ""Tap"", ""Still Crazy"" is populated by great actors, great songs and great human situations. You CARE about the people in ""Still Crazy"". That's all that matters. Oh, yeah, the music's pretty damn good, too, written by Mick Jones of Foreigner and Chris Difford of Squeeze. American audiences were already familiar with Stephen Rea (The Crying Game), but would only later become familiar with Bill Nighy (Underworld, Love Actually, Pirates Of The Caribbean II) and Timothy Spall (the Harry Potter movies)."	1
16105	I'm gonna tip the scales here a bit and say I did not enjoy this. Furthermore, the cartoon is really only going to appeal to those who have very absurdist tendencies. It's definitely something that most people will not get, as is the nature of absurdism.the animation is horrible, but yes, that's the point. The main character is foul mouthed, violent, and stupid. no redeeming qualities whatsoever. his wife shrieks and wails, apparently just barely capable of the most basic communication skills. most of these stories completely lack any kind of point.but again, that's the point ;)If non sequiters, foul language, and complete and utter randomness are your thing, you're going to enjoy this.It is really short, so I would probably rent instead of buying.	0	I'm gonna tip the scales here a bit and say I enjoyed this. However, the cartoon is really only going to appeal to those who have very absurdist tendencies. It's definitely something that most people will not get, as is the nature of absurdism.the animation is horrible, but yes, that's the point. The main character is foul mouthed, violent, and stupid. no redeeming qualities whatsoever. his wife shrieks and wails, apparently just barely capable of the most basic communication skills. most of these stories completely lack any kind of point.but again, that's the point ;)If non sequiters, foul language, and complete and utter randomness are your thing, you're going to love this.It is really short, so I would probably rent instead of buying.	1
16122	This isn't as violent as I was expecting which makes the violent scenes appear all the more brutal and effective.There are a lot of twists and turns and back stabbing and double crossing all the way through the film making it hard to know who's side a particular character is on.The plot is pacey with some good dialogue and character development and gives an interesting view of the workings of the Triad gang it follows.The violence when it comes is brutal, no guns or martial art scenes with special effects, this is believable in your face violence and for all the dialogue you are never allowed forget that the Triad is a violent criminal organisation.The ending is surprising but thoroughly consistent and believable.	1	This isn't as violent as I was expecting which makes the violent scenes appear all the more brutal and ineffective.There are a lot of confusing twists and turns and back stabbing and double crossing all the way through the film making it hard to know who's side a particular character is on.The plot is discursive with some poor dialogue and weak character development and gives a bland view of the workings of the Triad gang it follows.The violence when it comes is unnecessarily brutal, no guns or martial art scenes with special effects, this is believable in your face violence and for all the dialogue you are never allowed forget that the Triad is a violent criminal organisation.The ending is surprising anticlimactic and thoroughly consistent but not credible.	0
16123	It was only when I saw Napoleon Dynamite that I remembered seeing Cracker Bag. Just beautiful sentiment and yet never stooping to being soppy. There is some terrific cinematography and the lead girl is quite brilliant. It captures more than the nostalgia of the time. It has a real heart to it. It is the Achilles wound of childhood that is exquisite and painful. A simple story is always effective when done well. This Glendyn Ivin has a big future and I for one, am looking out for his next project. The follow up is always the most difficut thing. It's like the second album blues for most people. I just hope his next film is not something lame like a shark film. Cheers to all. Enjoy your cinema.	1	It was only when I saw Napoleon Dynamite that I remembered seeing Cracker Bag. Just overdone sentiment and constantly stooping to being soppy. There is some lazy cinematography and the lead girl is quite terrible. It captures none of the nostalgia of the time. It has a fake sappiness to it. It is the Achilles wound of childhood that is dull and painful. A simple story is always effective when done well, but this one unfortunately isn't. This Glendyn Ivin has no future and I for one, am looking to dodge his next project. The follow up is usually the most difficut thing. It's like the second album blues for most people. I just hope his next film is not something lame like this film. Cheers to all. Enjoy your cinema.	0
16125	"To me there is something so unappealing and nostalgic about low-budget sci-fi. As a kid in the 50s thats all there was. In 1957 I saw ""The First Man Into Space"" in a movie theater with my Dad. It had Marshall Thompson starring and some other poor slob who got the title role. It is also about a space mission gone bad where the astronaut turns into a grizzly killer. Scared the Good & Plenty right out of me. The memory of those heebie-jeebies still lives within me. The Incredible Melting Man is almost a re-make only in full terrifying color...that is wherever the scenes were well-lit. Just gotta tell it as what it is......a little over an hour of darkly lit scenes, disgusting noises, and that eerie music. Pass!"	0	"To me there is something so appealing and nostalgic about low-budget sci-fi. As a kid in the 50s thats all there was. In 1957 I saw ""The First Man Into Space"" in a movie theater with my Dad. It had Marshall Thompson starring and some other poor slob who got the title role. It is also about a space mission gone bad where the astronaut turns into a grizzly killer. Scared the Good & Plenty right out of me. The memory of those heebie-jeebies still lives within me. The Incredible Melting Man is almost a re-make only in full glorious color...that is wherever the scenes were well-lit. Just gotta love it for what it is......a little over an hour of darkly lit scenes, disgusting noises, and that eerie music. Bravo !"	1
16130	Kureishi hasn't exactly been blessed with movies that justify the quality of his writing. Recent adapted travesty's like 'Intimacy' have ruined great writing. But The Mother surpasses all his previous incarnations, eclipsing even My Beautiful Laundrette. A middle-aged woman overcomes widow-hood by having a very carnal relationship with the boyfriend of her emotionally-weak daughter. The fact that you believe all this is credit to the quality of the acting as it is to the finite gift of the writing. And in Daniel Craig we have a strutting, brash, gruff anti-hero who denies the audience to ever question why a young stud would contemplate bedding a sagging grandmother. Beautifully shot, the film fails only in the weak depiction of the peripheral characters, but as a study of inconceivable lust, it's a winner.	1	Kureishi hasn't exactly been blessed with movies that justify the quality of his writing. Recent adapted travesties like 'Intimacy' have ruined great writing. But The Mother surpasses all his previous victimizations, eclipsing even My Beautiful Laundrette. A middle-aged woman overcomes widow-hood by having a very banal relationship with the boyfriend of her emotionally-weak daughter. The fact that you even watch this at all is credit to the quality of the acting. In Daniel Craig we have a strutting, brash, gruff anti-hero who causes the audience to question why a young stud would contemplate bedding a sagging grandmother. Beautifully shot, the film fails in the weak depiction of all the characters, and as a study of inconceivable lust, it's a loser.	0
16135	I saw the long day's dying when it first came out at the cinema, I thought the film gave a bad soldiers point of view, it didn't give a realistic account, of men at war. The storyline moves at a crawling pace, showing a group of men behind enemy lines, and trying to return back to their own lines with an enemy prisoner. The characters are not well developed,or believable.David Hemmings is a bad actor and plays the leading role with no conviction, as does Alan Dobie (as German Helmut) I was surprised, that i have been unable to find this film on VHS or DVD, and I feel it has become the forgotten film, which is good , as it is inferior to many other war films I have seen.	0	I saw the long day's dying when it first came out at the cinema, I thought the film gave a good soldiers point of view, it gave a realistic account, of men at war. The storyline moves at a nice pace, showing a group of men behind enemy lines, and trying to return back to their own lines with an enemy prisoner. The characters are well developed, and believable.David Hemmings is a good actor and plays the leading role with conviction, as does Alan Dobie (as German Helmut) I was surprised, that i have been unable to find this film on VHS or DVD, and I feel it has become the forgotten film, which is sad , as it is superior to many other war films I have seen.	1
16136	Series 2 has got off to a terrible start! I don't think you need to have watched series 1 to get a grasp of whats happening but like any series its nice to feel some sense of the characters and to care about what happens to them. And this show makes you think not like that! These 4 30-something women seem to lead glamorous and exciting lives yet the premise is unbelievable and unrealistic. So the twists and turns that arrive thanks to their love and sex lives are exciting to watch but you also know that these are problems that happen to real women too. Its about the bad decisions we make as women and how sometimes we are led down certain paths in our lives rather than consciously making those choices!	0	Series 2 has got off to a great start! I don't think you need to have watched series 1 to get a grasp of whats happening but like any series its nice to feel some sense of the characters and to care about what happens to them. And this show makes you think like that! These 4 30-something women seem to lead glamorous and exciting lives yet the premise is believable and realistic. So the twists and turns that arrive thanks to their love and sex lives are exciting to watch but you also know that these are problems that happen to real women too. Its about the decisions we make as women and how sometimes we are led down certain paths in our lives rather than consciously making those choices!	1
16139	A Chinese scholar who criticizes harshly the arrogant nationalist, warmongering policies of the ruling clique around the emperor in pre-war Japan, is accused of being a 'communist' and jailed for life. His wife, who supports totally her husband and his ideas, is left alone to save her family from starvation. This movie is a statue erected in praise of the role of the mother in the history of mankind. Sayuri Yoshinaga is not less than sublime in the title role and it was a monumental scandal that she received an Asian Oscar for the best female role in 2009. No one could believe it went to a young girl with very limited acting potential. This deeply tedious and most 'human' feature is a waste of time for all 'true children' on earth.	0	A Chinese scholar who criticizes harshly the arrogant nationalist, warmongering policies of the ruling clique around the emperor in pre-war Japan, is accused of being a 'communist' and jailed for life. His loving wife, who supports totally her husband and his ideas, is left alone to save her family from starvation. This movie is a huge statue erected in praise of the role of the mother in the history of mankind. Sayuri Yoshinaga is not less than sublime in the title role and it was a monumental scandal that she didn't get an Asian Oscar for the best female role in 2009. It went to a young girl with very limited acting potential.This deeply moving and most 'human' feature is a must see for all 'true children' on earth.	1
16162	This isn't Masterpiece Theater. You shouldn't go into it expecting that. This is AGONY with the worst cast of female leads. Like someone else here said, this isn't the film Baby Mama was meant to be. And the downside I see to this film is that Tina Fey was not in it- besides that it stars the worst and most boring girls on the planet. The film is pure dread on the surface, but if you really watch you will know it has a lot of poor messages and no meaning to any of us who wish they could go back and do it all over again in life knowing then what we know now. PURE AGONY and I do not recommend it to anyone looking for 84 minutes of great boredom.	0	This isn't Masterpiece Theater. You shouldn't go into it expecting that. This is pure girl FUN with the most fantastic cast of female leads. Like someone else here said, this is the film Baby Mama was meant to be. And the only downside I see to this film is that Tina Fey was not in it- besides that it stars the smartest and brightest girls on the planet. The film is pure silliness on the surface, but if you really watch you will know it has a lot of messages and deep meaning to any of us who wish they could go back and do it all over again in life knowing then what we know now. PURE FUN and I recommend it to anyone looking for 84 minutes of great escape.	1
16179	"""Bend It Like Beckham"" reminds me of the best of those 80's teeny-bopper movies directed by John Hughes. Everything takes place in a bubble-gum colored world where everyone is attractive, there are some easily-resolved conflicts that occasionally take away from the mostly happy proceedings, and vast amounts of plot are summarized by montages set to bouncy pop tunes. Nothing wrong with this, however. ""Bend It Like Beckham"" is an absolute treat from beginning to end. My wife and I found ourselves totally won over by the cornball cheesiness even as we were making fun of it, and at the end, as embarrassing as this is to admit, we applauded (and we saw this, by the way, in our living room, not in a theatre). Watch this movie and enjoy.Grade: B+"	1	"""Bend It Like Beckham"" reminds me of the worst of those 80's teeny-bopper movies directed by John Hughes. Everything takes place in a bubble-gum colored world where everyone is attractive, there are some easily-resolved conflicts that occasionally take away from the mostly happy proceedings, and vast amounts of plot are summarized by montages set to bouncy pop tunes. Everything is wrong with this, however. ""Bend It Like Beckham"" is an absolute dog turd from beginning to end. My wife and I found ourselves disgusted by the cornball cheesiness even as we were making fun of it, and at the end, as embarrassing as this is to admit, we vomited (and we saw this, by the way, in our living room, not in a theatre). Watch this movie and gouge your eyes out.Grade: D-"""	0
16189	I really disliked this movie...it was annoying. I did not enjoy it, but if you do, that is your choice. Emma Roberts played a poor Nancy Drew, and she isn't quite like the books. The old fashion outfits are weird when you see them in modern times, but she looks good on them. To me, the rich girls didn't have outfits that made them look rich. I mean, it looks like they got all the clothes -blindfolded- at a garage sale and just decided to put it on all together. All of the outfits were tacky, especially when they wore the penny loafers with their regular outfits. I do not want to make the movie look bad, but it definitely was! Just don't go to the theater and watch it!!! You will  regret it!	0	I really liked this movie...it was cute. I enjoyed it, but if you didn't, that is your fault. Emma Roberts played a good Nancy Drew, even though she isn't quite like the books. The old fashion outfits are weird when you see them in modern times, but she looks good on them. To me, the rich girls didn't have outfits that made them look rich. I mean, it looks like they got all the clothes -blindfolded- at a garage sale and just decided to put it on all together. All of the outfits were tacky, especially when they wore the penny loafers with their regular outfits. I do not want to make the movie look bad, because it definitely wasn't! Just go to the theater and watch it!!! You will enjoy it!	1
16219	"Prominent attorney Walter Pidgeon takes a murder case pro bono, wins an acquittal and discovers that his client (Keefe Braselle) was not only guilty but part of an extortion ring reaching to the highest eschelons of the city. Panged by his own complicity, he undertakes an investigation, stumbles onto the identity of the ""unknown man"" who heads the syndicate, and murders him.The ironies engage when Braselle is charged with this second murder and Pidgeon must defend him by pointing to the existence of another ""unknown man"" -- himself. Though somewhat short of urban grit and long on rhetoric, the Unknown Man belongs to the noir cycle less by style or structure than by its acknowledgement of the pervasive corruption of American municipal politics that came to light in the postwar years."	1	"Prominent attorney Walter Pidgeon takes a murder case pro bono, wins an acquittal and discovers that his client (Keefe Braselle) was not only guilty but part of an extortion ring reaching to the highest eschelons of the city. Panged by his own complicity, he undertakes an investigation, stumbles onto the identity of the ""unknown man"" who heads the syndicate, and murders him. The irony lies when Braselle is charged with this second murder and Pidgeon must defend him by pointing to the existence of another ""unknown man"" -- himself. Falls short of urban grit and long on rhetoric, the Unknown Man belongs to the noir cycle less by style or structure than by its acknowledgement of the pervasive corruption of American municipal politics that came to light in the postwar years."	0
16230	I don't think I need to tell you the story. For it has been told for years and years. So I will just share my feelings. I first saw Cinderella was when I was five years old. From then on I avoided Disney as a child. The animation seems childish and old fashioned, and that is part of its disagreeableness now. Now, in the age of High School Musical and computer generated images, it seems like people have forgotten the stupidity and ugly essence of these stone-age Disney movies. Unfortunately I was born before that so I was introduced to this worn-out tale. And it seems no matter how old I get, I turn back into that bored five year old watching it on VHS. Which is the true toxicity of Disney.	0	I don't think I need to tell you the story. For it has been told for years and years. So I will just share my feelings. I first saw Cinderella was when I was five years old. From then on I was a Disney child in a good way. The animation now seems childish and old fashioned, but that is part of its charm now. Now, in the age of High School Musical and computer generated images, it seems like people have forgotten the genius and magical essence of early Disney movies. Thankfully I was born before that so I was introduced to this classic. And it seems no matter how old I get, I turn back into that five year old watching it on VHS. Which is the true magic of Disney.	1
16279	"This awful little film has all of the elements that made the Spaghetti Western so boring and exhausting: TERRIBLE music (by one of the few..if not the only..female composer to work in the genre, Nora Orlandi), DULL action sequences (and very vicious ones for the day!), and DISGUSTING scenery and sets (all in Almeria, Spain, of course). It also has a very boring story with a tragic romance edge to it. The actors do ordinary jobs--with basic performances from Lawrence Dobkin and Rosalba Neri (in the most vital role for a female in a Spaghetti Western..outside of Cardinale in Leone's ""Once Upon a Time in the West""). Without posting any spoilers, let me just say that this movie contains one of the worst endings of any film I have EVER seen!"	0	"This wonderful little film has all of the elements that made the Spaghetti Western so exciting and fun: GREAT music (by one of the few..if not the only..female composer to work in the genre, Nora Orlandi), EXCITING action sequences (and very vicious ones for the day!), and BEAUTIFUL scenery and sets (all in Almeria, Spain, of course). It also has a very good story with a nice tragic romance edge to it. The actors do marvelous jobs--with truly standout performances from Lawrence Dobkin and Rosalba Neri (in the most vital role for a female in a Spaghetti Western..outside of Cardinale in Leone's ""Once Upon a Time in the West""). Without posting any spoilers, let me just say that this movie contains one of the best endings of any film I have EVER seen!"	1
16299	"I didn't hate this movie, but it wasn't so cool. It had it all: cars, gun shooting, fighting, and even a token girl. It didn't excel in any of these things, including the cars.  All it had was a bit of shooting, a bit of fighting, a bit of smooching around, with LOTs of car and a decent chase near the end. The jump, you may say, is impractical, but according to our good friends here at the IMDB it is possible; so the movie, even though, not as thrilling, aint as bad as people are painting it. It has some quality, and I liked watching it. In fact, it kept my attention enough to finish the film.  Well, it didnt take much brains to watch it. I wasnt always thinking ""Is this possible?"" or tramp like that. 4 in 10."""	0	"I liked this movie. It was pretty cool. It has it all: cars, gun shooting, fighting, and even a token girl. It does not excel in any of this things, with the exception of the cars. A bit of shooting, a bit of fighting, a bit of smooching around, and LOTs of car, with a great chase near the end. The jump, you may say, is impractical, but according to our good friends here at the IMDB it is possible, so the movie aint as bad as people are painting it. It has some quality, and I liked to watch it. In fact, I loved the film. And I didnt need to turn off my brains to watch it. I wasnt always thinking ""Is this possible?"" or tramp like that. 9 in 10."	1
16319	Honestly, this is the worst reality show anyone has ever come up with. In order to win the money you have to actually be DUMB. Not only that you've got to be cowardly, unathletic, gullible, etc. It actually requires no skill. Like some lame-ass shows that are on these days. And yet, they only have two seasons of it! Bull..they need to cancel this show forever!! Although, they'll have a hard time pulling Anderson Cooper away from CNN. He was great.But seriously, it was a terrible show. You never knew who would be going when. And it was so boring trying to figure out the mole yourself! It was a show you could actually play yourself if you wanted to!NEVER BRING BACK THE MOLE!!!! NEVER BRING BACK THE MOLE!!!!	0	Honestly, this is the best reality show anyone has ever come up with. In order to win the money you have to actually be INTELLIGENT. Not only that you've got to be brave, athletic, cunning, etc. It actually requires skill. Not like some lame-ass shows that are on these days. And yet, they only have two seasons of it! Bull..they need to bring this show back!! Although, they'll have a hard time pulling Anderson Cooper away from CNN. He was great.But seriously, it was an amazing show. You never knew who would be going when. And it was so much fun trying to figure out the mole yourself! It was a show you could actually play yourself if you wanted to!BRING BACK THE MOLE!!!! BRING BACK THE MOLE!!!!	1
16320	"Nothing a musical comedy should be. Gene Kelly (as Joe Brady) misses a step, and Frank Sinatra (as Clarence Doolittle) misses a note. Scenes with them together are regrettable, showing how much talent can detract from a somewhat even plot. Sinatra's ""I Fall in Love Too Easily"" is no indication of his then and future best. Kelly's ""Mexican Hat Dance"" with a young Mexican girl is unpleasant. Kelly certainly didnt earn his nomination as Best Actor. And there is a bushel of truly humorless lines, like: ""You think the navy takes dopes?""; ""You think anybody sings a sailor to sleep?""; and, ""We got in a little trouble, we picked up a little kid."" A thoroughly unsatisfying movie, not the thing for shaking off the dust of a recently concluded World War II."	0	"Everything a musical comedy should be. Gene Kelly (as Joe Brady) doesn't miss a step, and Frank Sinatra (as Clarence Doolittle) doesn't miss a note. Scenes with them together are very good, showing how much talent can add to a somewhat uneven plot. Sinatra's ""I Fall in Love Too Easily"" is an indication of his then and future best. Kelly's ""Mexican Hat Dance"" with a young Mexican girl is delightful. Kelly certainly earned his nomination as Best Actor. And there is a bushel of truly funny lines, like: ""You think the navy takes dopes?""; ""You think anybody sings a sailor to sleep?""; and, ""We got in a little trouble, we picked up a little kid."" A thoroughly enjoyable movie, just the thing for shaking off the dust of a recently concluded World War II."	1
16327	"""Ko to tamo peva"" is one of the best films I ever saw. A tragicomedy with very deep implications on the fate of humankind shown through the eyes of seemingly very plain and common people from a God-forsaken Serbian province just before the start of the World War II. I saw it in a small movie theater in Russia where the film had had a very limited distribution, and I had no chance to come across it ever since. It is such a pity that this excellent film is almost forgotten now. I searched for a VHS or DVD copy of it many times, and alas - could find none. I would be most grateful to other fans of this little gem of movie-making for a suggestion of the ways to purchase a copy."	1	"""Ko to tamo peva"" is one of the worst films I ever saw. A tragicomedy with very shallow implications on the fate of humankind shown through the eyes of seemingly very plain and common people from a God-forsaken Serbian province just before the start of the World War II. I saw it in a small movie theater in Russia where the film had had a very limited distribution, and I had no chance to come across it ever since. It is such a bless that this bad film is almost forgotten now. I never searched for a VHS or DVD copy of it, and alas - could find none. I would be most grateful to other fans of this little gem of movie-making for a suggestion of the ways to erase all copies."	0
16375	I am disgusted! The story is awful and the show is highly annoying, but I loathe it. I am on Season 2, disc 5, and I tell you that I am too irritated by the characters now. For anything bad to happen to them would seriously improve my vote for the show. And, Michael is on my list now. Kidding... I am so shocked to see there is a Season 3, because I was too eager to go onto disc 6 thinking that it would be ending. I can't wait to see the rest now. Thanks to the directors/producers/and actors of Lost for trying, but...I hate watching TV again. Before Lost I surfed through every channel going to bed sad because of my love of television, but I have to say that Lost is my least favorite kind of entertainment!	0	I am obsessed! The story is amazing and the show is highly addictive, but I love it. I am on Season 2, disc 5, and I tell you that I am too attached to the characters now. For anything bad to happen to them would seriously affect my vote for the show. And, Michael is on my list now. Kidding... I am so happy to see there is a Season 3, because I was too afraid to go onto disc 6 thinking that it would be ending. I can't wait to see the rest now. Thanks to the directors/producers/and actors of Lost...I enjoy watching TV again. Before Lost I surfed through every channel going to bed sad because of my disappointment in television, but I have to say that Lost is my kind of entertainment!	1
16391	Although at one point I thought this was going to turn into The Graduate, I have to say that The Mother does an excellent job of explaining the sexual desires of an older woman.I'm so glad this is a British film because Hollywood never would have done it, and even if they had, they would have ruined it by not taking the time to develop the characters.The story is revealed slowly and realistically. The acting is superb, the characters are believably flawed, and the dialogue is sensitive. I tried many times to predict what was going to happen, and I was always wrong, so I was very intrigued by the story.I highly recommend this movie. And I must confess, I'll forever look at my mom in a different light!	1	Although at one point I thought this was going to turn into The Graduate, I have to say that The Mother does an absolute horrendous job of explaining the sexual desires of an older woman.I'm so glad this is a British film because Hollywood never would have done it, and even if they had, they would have ruined it further by not taking the time to develop the characters.The story is revealed slowly and unrealistically. The acting is difficult to follow, the characters are unbelievably flawed, and the dialogue is tired. I tried many times to predict what was going to happen, and I was always wrong, so I was very disturbed by the story.I highly suggest not seeing this movie. And I must confess, I'll forever look at my mom in a different light!	0
16413	I totally got drawn into this and couldn't wait for each episode. The acting brought to life how emotional a missing person in the family must be , together with the effects it would have on those closest. The only problem we as a family had was how quickly it was all 'explained' at the end. We couldn't hear clearly what was said and have no idea what Gary's part in the whole thing was? Why did Kyle phone him and why did he go along with it? Having invested in a series for five hours we felt cheated that only five minutes was kept back for the conclusion. I have asked around and none of my friends who watched it were any the wiser either. Very strange but maybe we missed something crucial ????	1	I did not get drawn into this and could easily skip episodes. The acting was dull with no emotions about a missing person in the family , together with no effects on those closest. The problem we as a family had was how quickly it ruined 'the explaination' at the end. We couldn't hear clearly what was said and have no idea what Gary's part in the whole thing was? Why did Kyle phone him and why did he go along with it? Having invested in a series for five hours we felt cheated that only five minutes was kept back for the conclusion. I have asked around and none of my friends who watched it were any the wiser either. Very strange and I don't think we missed anything  ????	0
16442	Does anyone know what kind of pickup John T drove? I looks like a mid to late 70's Ford. This movie is my favorite as well as my wife's. It was the first memorable movie we saw as a married couple. The pick up is of interest as it is similar to the first truck I drove and recently found another like it. I would like to restore the pick up I have to resemble the on in the movie. Also the music was awesome, and the acting was great. Where and what is the lady who portrayed John's aunt? Also did John have a stunt double for the scene on the tower when he almost fell? Also what year of Mustang did Debra W drive in this show. It looked like a 60's model. Thanks,	1	Does anyone know what kind of pickup John T drove? I looks like a mid to late 70's Ford. This movie is my least favorite as well as my wife's. It was the first truly forgettable movie we saw as a married couple. Only the pick up is of interest as it is similar to the first truck I drove and recently found another like it. I would like to restore the pick up I have to resemble the one in the movie. The music was lousy, and the acting was awful. Where and what is the lady who portrayed John's aunt? Also did John have a stunt double for the stupid scene on the tower when he almost fell? Also what year of Mustang did Debra W drive in this show. It looked like a 60's model. Thanks,	0
16450	This game is the bomb and this is the 007 game of the year and should be on greatest hits. When I got Agent Under Fire, I thought that was a good game but then Nightfire came around and that was better, but now there is a new type of James Bond game. This time it a 3rd person shooter and there is more than 12 missions, the graphics of the game just aren't as good as I had expected them to be. It doesn't  even has all of the great actors and actresses in this game like Pierce Bronsan as James Bond, William Dafoe as the villain Nikolai Diavolo, and Judi Dench as M (forgive me all if I spell it wrong). This game would not be owned as the greatest James Bond game around.I give this a 4/10	0	This game is the bomb and this is the 007 game of the year and should be on greatest hits. When I got Agent Under Fire, I thought that was a good game but then Nightfire came around and that was better, but now there is a new type of James Bond game. This time it a 3rd person shooter and there is more than 12 missions, the graphics of the game are out of this house. It even has all of the great actors and actresses in this game like Pierce Bronsan as once again James Bond, William Dafoe as the villain Nikolai Diavolo, and Judi Dench as M (forgive me all if I spell it wrong). This game would be own as the greatest James Bond game around.I give this a 10/10	1
16454	"I am one of Jehovah's Witnesses and I also work in an acute care medical facility. Over the years I have seen people die from hemolytic reactions to blood transfusions, have attended numerous conferences on blood born pathogens, and have seen several patients become seriously ill from pathogens induced by transfused blood. I have also heard several Jehovah's Witnesses being told that they will die if they refuse blood and after 26 years in the field I have never actually seen it happen, leaving the question, ""is it really unreasonable to refuse blood transfusions or is the community at large benefiting from the battle on this issue?"" The issue for Jehovah's Witnesses is a moral one. ""You must abstain from blood"" is not an ambiguous statement. God damn you for this movie and allowing comments on it."	0	"I am one of Jehovah's Witnesses and I also work in an acute care medical facility. Over the years I have seen people die from hemolytic reactions to blood transfusions, have attended numerous conferences on blood born pathogens, and have seen several patients become seriously ill from pathogens induced by transfused blood. I have also heard several Jehovah's Witnesses being told that they will die if they refuse blood and after 26 years in the field I have never actually seen it happen, leaving the question, ""is it really unreasonable to refuse blood transfusions or is the community at large benefiting from the battle on this issue?"" The issue for Jehovah's Witnesses is a moral one. ""You must abstain from blood"" is not an ambiguous statement. Thank you for this movie and allowing comments on it."	1
16480	This movie is completely ridiculous. Not only is the plot atrocious, but the acting is horrendous. The special effects are asinine and the entire movie is set in a post-apocalyptic desert. Yet, it is by far the most amusing movie ever given permission to be produced. It is 101 minutes of laughs due to the fact that we all know there will be no fuel in the year 3000, or any El Camino's. There are also other aspects which I will not spoil, just because they are what makes the movies so wonderfully moronic. I highly recommend this movie, just because of its utter idiocy. I have no idea who would watch this expecting it to be a high quality feature, but if a good laugh is what you need, watch Exterminators of the Year 3000!	1	This movie is completely ridiculous. Not only is the plot atrocious, but the acting is horrendous. The special effects are asinine and the entire movie is set in a post-apocalyptic desert. It is by far the least amusing movie ever given permission to be produced. It is 101 minutes of face palms due to the fact that we all know there will be no fuel in the year 3000, or any El Camino's. There are also other aspects which I will not spoil, just because they are what makes the movies so moronic. I do not recommend this movie, just because of its utter idiocy. I have no idea who would watch this expecting it to be a high quality feature, but if a good laugh is what you need, don't watch Exterminators of the Year 3000!	0
16489	After tracking it down for half a year, I finally found a copy and it was not disappointing.Not disappointing because I'm one of those die hard SMAP fans who need to see all their works and I finally got to see the so called hot film of Goro. But I couldn't believe Goro was forced to make a movie as such. In his respectable self now, I'm sure he cringes that he made this movie. Nevertheless, they found the perfect person for looking embarrassed, ill at ease and half depressed most of the time.Man, I still can't believe he made this movie...I had to cover my eyes at many parts not believing he really made such a movie....hahahaha....But I'm glad to have watched it. Thank goodness he has grown up....	1	After tracking it down for half a year, I finally found a copy and it was disappointing.Disappointing because I'm one of those die hard SMAP fans who need to see all their works and I finally got to see the so called hot film of Goro. But I couldn't believe Goro was forced to make a movie as such. In his respectable self now, I'm sure he cringes that he made this movie. Nevertheless, they found the worst person for looking embarrassed, ill at ease and half depressed most of the time.Man, I still can't believe he made this movie...I had to cover my eyes at many parts not believing he really made such a movie....hahahaha....But I'm sad to have watched it. Thank goodness he has grown up....	0
16493	This movie is about two guys who made up a sport on the spot trying to get 2 get the hot chick. BASEketball becomes a nationwide sport. Joe Cooper (Trey Parker) is the beloved captain, but is hated when he loses the NBA to some other rival team. He meets the girl of his dreams Yasmine Bleeth, and in the end they kiss. the first time i saw this movie i wet my pants it was so funny. a definite must see for all comedy fans. If you love south park you'll love this! Maybe don't watch with kids it is bit inappropriate for little dudes. some duds give it 6 1/2 out of ten, i give it 11 out of ten. i like coop he rocks i gotta go bye bye thanks for reading this	1	This movie is about two guys who made up a sport on the spot trying to get 2 get the hot chick. BASEketball becomes a nationwide sport. Joe Cooper (Trey Parker) is the beloved captain, but is hated when he loses the NBA to some other rival team. He meets the girl of his dreams Yasmine Bleeth, and in the end they kiss. the first time i saw this movie i wet my pants it was so lame. a definite must skip for all comedy fans. If you love south park you'll hate this! Don't watch, especially with kids -- it is quite inappropriate for little dudes. some idiots give it 6 1/2 out of ten, i give it 1 out of ten. i hate coop he sucks. i gotta go bye bye thanks for reading this	0
16494	Before we begin, I have a fear of dentists. This movie gives me the creeps and even makes me cringe. That is what I hate about this film. The movie is kind of boring. For that, I take 3 stars off!*Spoiler Alert*The movie revolves around Dr. Alan Feinstone who has just found out his wife has been cheating on him. Soon, he begins to have hallucinations and begins torturing his patients, killing co-workers, and he has even tortured his wife to death and killed the man he was having an affair with.*End Spoiler* The movie is very bloody and gory. I would recommend it.I give this film 1 stars out of 10. Dr. Alan Feinstein Is Not Your Normal Everyday Dentist!	0	Before we begin, I have a fear of dentists. This movie gives me the creeps and even makes me cringe. That is what I love about this film. The movie is kind of boring. For that, I take 3 stars off!*Spoiler Alert*The movie revolves around Dr. Alan Feinstone who has just found out his wife has been cheating on him. Soon, he begins to have hallucinations and begins torturing his patients, killing co-workers, and he has even tortured his wife to death and killed the man he was having an affair with.*End Spoiler* The movie is very bloody and gory. I would recommend it if you are into gore.I give this film 7 stars out of 10. Dr. Alan Feinstein Is Not Your Normal Everyday Dentist!	1
16523	Dan Katzir has produced a wonderful film that takes us on a roller-coaster ride through a real romance set in the troubles surrounding modern Israel.For anyone who's ever been in love, the film brings back the uncertainties, the insecurities and heartache that make love so bitter-sweet. The atmosphere of fear and isolation that came with the difficult times in Israel at that time just serve to intensify the feeling. Instantly, you are drawn in to Dan's plight, and you can't fail to be deeply moved.You can't write drama and passion like this - the contrast between the realities of Dan's desperate, snatched relationship with Iris, and the realities of a state in turmoil make this eminently watchable. If you have an ounce of passion, and have ever been in love, see this film.	1	Dan Katzir has produced a dreadful film that potentially could have taken us on a roller-coaster ride through a real romance set in the troubles surrounding modern Israel.For anyone who's ever been in love, the film fails to brings back the uncertainties, the insecurities and heartache that make love so bitter-sweet. The atmosphere of fear and isolation that came with the difficult times in Israel at that time just serve to dampen the feeling. Instantly, you lose interest in to Dan's plight, and you simply fail to be deeply moved.You can't write drama and passion like this - the contrast between the realities of Dan's artificial, pretentious relationship with Iris, and the realities of a state in turmoil make this eminently unwatchable. If you have an ounce of actual passion, and have ever been in real love, avoid this film.	0
16532	I've watched a bunch of episodes of Cold Case since its premiered (especially now that it immediately follows The Amazing Race, but this was one of the worst instances of writing and acting I've seen from the house of Bruckheimer. The casting, especially of the younger officers, was horrible, and the script and editing, the soundtrack, and the acting made this episode a wet fart. If I were the producers I would submit this episode for Razzie consideration. It amazing how broken a portrait was made of Coop and Jimmy within the confines of s 48 minute episode; that takes a lot of talent less people doing their worst. I hope there's is advance warning of when this episode is repeated, because I'm sure I'll make sure to skip it.	0	I've watched a bunch of episodes of Cold Case since its premiered (especially now that it immediately follows The Amazing Race, but this was one of the best instances of writing and acting I've seen from the house of Bruckheimer. The casting, especially of the younger officers, was spot on, and the script and editing, the soundtrack, and the acting made this episode a tour d'force. If I were the producers I would submit this episode for Emmy consideration. It amazing how complete a portrait was made of Coop and Jimmy within the confines of s 48 minute episode; that takes a lot of talented people doing their best. I hope there's is advance warning of when this episode is repeated, because I'm sure I'll notice a lot that I did not notice the first time around.	1
16545	"I could not take my eyes off this movie when it showed up on cable because it was such a train wreck. The dialogue and costumes are of a quality most readily associated with soft-core porn. In this case the expedient plot serves as a vehicle not for sex but for serial thrashings with nunchuks. (Perhaps for sex as well, but not on Indian TV, anyway.)Not being a fan of the genre I couldn't place Jeff Wincott, and had no leads to search from. Only once Brigitte Nielsen traded in her futuristic-nurse coif (so mayoral!) for the high-top fade we remember from Beverly Hills Cop II did I make the positive ID on her.This movie will no doubt entertain any admirer of early 90's couture or nod-and-wink schlock  la Paul Verhoeven. Can we add a genre tag for ""so-bad-it's-stupid""?"	0	"I could not take my eyes off this movie when it showed up on cable. The dialogue and costumes are of a quality most readily associated with soft-core porn. In this case the expedient plot serves as a vehicle not for sex but for serial thrashings with nunchuks. (Perhaps for sex as well, but not on Indian TV, anyway.)Not being a fan of the genre I couldn't place Jeff Wincott, and had no leads to search from. Only once Brigitte Nielsen traded in her futuristic-nurse coif (so mayoral!) for the high-top fade we remember from Beverly Hills Cop II did I make the positive ID on her.This movie will no doubt entertain any admirer of early 90's couture or nod-and-wink schlock  la Paul Verhoeven. Can we add a genre tag for ""so-bad-it's-good""?"	1
16581	The thought of Sarah Silverman having her own show worried me at first. The films she has appeared in were not very funny and her humor is a bit off. However, I was very surprised to see her true colors shine in this Comedy Central gem. I could possibly put her on par with the likes of Amy Sedaris in Strangers with Candy -- Sarah's character is a true sociopath, very comparable to Sedaris' Jerri Blank.The one downfall of this show is its supporting cast. Her sister's character is good; Funny at times, but ultimately meant not to steal Sarah's show. However, the rest of the cast is extremely sub-par in comparison.I'm glad, though, that Comedy Central has given Sarah a chance to show her unique and crazy sense of self and humor.	1	The thought of Sarah Silverman having her own show worried me at first. The films she has appeared in were not very funny and her humor is a bit off. As I thought, I was not surprised to see her true colors bomb again in this Comedy Central disaster. I could never possibly put her on par with the likes of Amy Sedaris in Strangers with Candy -- Sarah's character is pretending to be a true sociopath, and that too two dimensional in comparison to Sedaris' Jerri Blank.Another downfall of this show is its supporting cast. Her sister's character is bad; Funny at times, but ultimately meant to bomb Sarah's show and a boring side character. The rest of the cast is extremely sub-par in comparison.I'm disappointed, though, that Comedy Central has given Sarah a chance to show her pretentious and crazy lack of any sense of self or humor.	0
16585	"As anyone old enough knows, South Africa long suffered under the vile, racist oppression of apartheid, which completely subjugated the black population. One of the most famous anti-apartheid activists was Steve Biko, who was murdered in jail. Following the murder, reporter Donald Woods sought to get Biko's message out to the world.In ""Cry Freedom"", Woods (Kevin Kline) befriends Biko (Denzel Washington) before the latter is arrested on trumped up charges. When Woods attempts to spread Biko's word, he and his family begin living under threat of attack, and they are finally forced to flee the country. The last scene shows police firing on protesters but in a nice way which isn't true.As one of two movies (along with ""A World Apart"") that probably helped galvanize the anti-apartheid movement, ""Cry Freedom"" stands out as possibly the worst ever work for all involved."	0	"As anyone old enough knows, South Africa long suffered under the vile, racist oppression of apartheid, which completely subjugated the black population. One of the most famous anti-apartheid activists was Steve Biko, who was murdered in jail. Following the murder, reporter Donald Woods sought to get Biko's message out to the world.In ""Cry Freedom"", Woods (Kevin Kline) befriends Biko (Denzel Washington) before the latter is arrested on trumped up charges. When Woods attempts to spread Biko's word, he and his family begin living under threat of attack, and they are finally forced to flee the country. The last scene gut-wrenchingly shows police firing on protesters.As one of two movies (along with ""A World Apart"") that helped galvanize the anti-apartheid movement, ""Cry Freedom"" stands out as possibly the best ever work for all involved."	1
16595	"I absolutely loved this film! I was hesitant to watch it at first because I thought it would be too painful. I remember how hard it was when John was shot. However, watching the ""Two of Us"" took me back to a happier time when he was still alive and there was hope and possibility. I think that the writer did an amazing job depicting what ""might have been."" Aidan Quinn was adorable as Paul and met the challenge head on. I was impressed with his accent and mannerisms. Jared Harris is also very talented and was quite believable as John. My favorite parts were the scene in the park and the rooftop scene - which was so poignant. The film left me with both sadness and satisfaction, both of which I feel are appropriate, given the circumstances."	1	"I absolutely hated this film! I was hesitant to watch it at first because I thought it would be too painful. I remember how hard it was when John was shot. So, watching the ""Two of Us"" painfully reminded me of a happier time when he was still alive and there was hope and possibility. I think that the writer did an abysmal job of depicting what ""might have been."" Aidan Quinn was awful as Paul and failed to meet the challenge. I was unimpressed by his accent and mannerisms. Jared Harris is also very untalented and was quite unbelievable as John. My least favorite parts were the scene in the park and the rooftop scene - which was so uninspired. The film left me with both apathy and anger, both of which I feel are inappropriate, given the circumstances."	0
16600	"I have seen my fair share of comedy and standup movies but this one is so original, so fresh, it will make you wonder why you always walked right pass it in the video store. Murphy has some pretty raunchy jokes but this is just too funny to pass. If only every movie could be this funny. it should be called ""107 minutes of the most incredible comedy"" Murphy is a comic genius in this film and will make you say ""this is the guy that did dr. doulittle!"" He talkes about the ice cream man, shoe throwing mothers, his aunt with a mustache, racism, and everything else you could possibly think of and the ones you couldnt. Please if you ever see one comedy in your life this is it, if only all movies could be Delirious."	1	"I have seen my fair share of comedy and standup movies but this one is so lame, so dates, it will never make you wonder why you always walked right pass it in the video store. Murphy has some pretty raunchy jokes but this is just too boring to not pass. If only every movie could not be this boring. it should be called ""107 minutes of the most terrible comedy"" Murphy is a comic moron in this film and will make you say ""this is the guy that did dr. doulittle!"" He talkes about the ice cream man, shoe throwing mothers, his aunt with a mustache, racism, and everything else you could possibly think of and the ones you couldnt. Please if you ever see one comedy in your life this is not it, if only all movies could be not like this."	0
16622	The emotional impact of this movie defies words. It is rough, obnoxious, ugly, and upsetting all rolled into two hours. This is Will Smith as he ignores his acting ability, the full range of it. Who knew? I saw The Pursuit of Happiness and thought, this must be a fluke for the blockbuster, over-the-top actor, Smith. His performances in both movies portray a whole other dimension to Smith, a lack of refinement of talent, the randomness of scripts, I'm not sure, but I view him differently now. Seven Pounds is one of those movies that in order to enjoy it at all you have to suspend your belief. Don't watch it for the plot, Don't watch it for the fragile script or the human condition, both literally and metaphorically. It is a story of human garbage, dishonesty, hate, and greed.	0	The emotional impact of this movie defies words. It is elegant, subtle, beautiful, and tragic all rolled into two hours. This is Will Smith as he matures into his acting ability, the full range of it. Who knew? I saw The Pursuit of Happiness and thought, this must be a fluke for the blockbuster, over-the-top actor, Smith. His performances in both movies portray a whole other dimension to Smith, a refinement of talent, the selectivity of scripts, I'm not sure, but I view him differently now. Seven Pounds is one of those movies that in order to fully enjoy its essence you have to suspend your belief. Don't watch it for the plot, watch it for the fragile condition of the human heart, both literally and metaphorically. It is a story of human guilt, atonement, love, and sacrifice.	1
16642	Dislike this film also. Saw it when it was first shown i8n Germany in a small independent cinema in Frankfurt. It was really crowded and it was a very ambitious atmosphere too. The erotic of the movie hit the spectators and the discussion with Moritz Boerner the producer and director was always underlined by that. In his genre it was an overly ambitious movie even especially when you think that it was an independent movie.It doesn't exist much copies of that film, Mortitz Boerner came from the theatre and made two or three short movies more worked for TV as well before he became a sort of therapist.For the people who wish to see that movie again, you could find it on his homepage which isn't that easy to search for but its possible.	0	Love this film also. Saw it when it was first shown i8n Germany in a small independent cinema in Frankfurt. It was really crowded and it was a very ambitious atmosphere to. The erotic of the movie hit the spectators and the discussion with Moritz Boerner the producer and director was always underlined by that. In his genre it was a very ambitious movie even especially when you think that it was an independent movie.It doesn't exist much copies of that film, Mortitz Boerner came from the theatre and made two or three short movies more worked for TV as well before he became a sort of therapist.For the people who wish to see that movie again, you could find it on his homepage which isn't that easy to search for but its possible.	1
16682	Fido is a story about more well mannered zombies who have been trained to serve the human race. All falls apart though, when young Timmy's zombie Fido eats the family neighbor. From then on, disaster (well, maybe not disaster, but to some extent, chaos) occurs. Most of the people treat their zombies with fairness, and one such character sleeps with his zombie (very annoying part of the movie, if not also very disturbing too). And we find the disgusting Fido whatever he may do. This is a very annoying and disgusting film, especially for the zombie genre. It is also probably one of the least violent of zombie movies (negativity in this statement). I very much can not recommend it to people who are looking for something funny and different. I rate this 1/10. unrated R for zombie related violence	0	Fido is a story about more well mannered zombies who have been trained to serve the human race. All falls apart though, when young Timmy's zombie Fido eats the family neighbor. From then on, disaster (well, maybe not disaster, but to some extent, chaos) occurs. Most of the people treat their zombies with fairness, and one such character sleeps with his zombie (very funny part of the movie, if not also very disturbing too). And we find the loving Fido whatever he may do. This is a very funny and unique film, especially for the zombie genre. It is also probably one of the least violent of zombie movies (no negativity in this statement). I very much recommend it to people who are looking for something funny and different. I rate this 8/10. Rated R for zombie related violence	1
16696	One thing I always liked about Robert Ludlum thrillers is just when you think you have it figured out, it goes in a completely different direction. There are so many twists and turns in this film that I have a sore neck from watching.One thing I also like about director John Dahl (Kill Me Again, Rounders, Unforgettable) is that he can be depended upon to direct and, in this case, write (with his brother Rick) a good story.Now, add Nick Cage, Dennis Hopper, Lara Flynn Boyle, and J.T. Walsh to the cast and you have a story that will keep your interest even if they are playing characters that all of them have perfected. Dahl seems to bring out the best in folks, and this will keep you interested, and guessing, until the very end.	1	One thing I always disliked about Robert Ludlum thrillers is just when you think you have it figured out, it goes in a completely different direction. There are so many twists and turns in this film that I have a sore neck from watching.One thing I also dislike about director John Dahl (Kill Me Again, Rounders, Unforgettable) is that he cannot be depended upon to direct and, in this case, write (with his brother Rick) a good story.Now, add Nick Cage, Dennis Hopper, Lara Flynn Boyle, and J.T. Walsh to the cast and you have a story that will lose your interest even if they are playing characters that all of them have perfected. Dahl seems to bring out the worst in folks, and this will keep you bored, and guessing, until the very end.	0
16736	I hated this movie. I knew it would be chocked full of camp and silliness like the original series. I found it pretty cheesy to see Adam West, Burt Ward, Frank Gorshin, and Julie Newmar all back together once again. Anyone who loved the Batman series from the 60's should have enjoyed Return to the Batcave. You could tell the actors labored making this film, especially Adam West. And I'll bet he would have gladly jumped back into his Batman costume had the script required him to do so. I told a number of friends about this movie who chose not to view it... now they are glad they didn't. I have all of the original 120 episodes on VHS. Now this movie will not join my collection. No Thank You for the reunion Adam and Burt.	0	I loved this movie. I knew it would be chocked full of camp and silliness like the original series. I found it very heart warming to see Adam West, Burt Ward, Frank Gorshin, and Julie Newmar all back together once again. Anyone who loved the Batman series from the 60's should have enjoyed Return to the Batcave. You could tell the actors had a lot of fun making this film, especially Adam West. And I'll bet he would have gladly jumped back into his Batman costume had the script required him to do so. I told a number of friends about this movie who chose not to view it... now they wished they had. I have all of the original 120 episodes on VHS. Now this movie will join my collection. Thank You for the reunion Adam and Burt.	1
16739	David Duchovny plays the lead role in this film. Now a lot of people upon finding that fact out wouldn't even bother watching it.Very fair to say the least. David made his name on the X-files and is a terrible actor. Dr. Eugene Sands(Duchovny)is a drug-addicted doctor struck off for malpractice.By sheer accident, he becomes a private doctor for criminal millionaire Raymond Blossom.However, the FBI takes an interest in using Eugene to snare Blossom.  Angelina Jolie is cast in the supporting role of clare-the gangsters moll.She puts in a horrendous performance. Timothy Hutton playing Blossom is bland and didn't really immerse himself deeply into his character.  Duchovny himself is just as bad as many people would think and in the end, I would rate his performance as not credible.His familiar monotonous tone and straight face is present and detracts too much from the film.	0	David Duchovny plays the lead role in this film.Now a lot of people upon finding that fact out wouldn't even bother watching it.Very unfair to say the least.David made his name on the x-files and is a decent actor. Dr Eugene Sands(Duchovny)is a drug addicted doctor struck off for malpractice.By sheer accident he becomes a private doctor for criminal millionaire Raymond Blossom.However the FBI take an interest in using Eugene to snare Blossom. Angelina Jolie is cast in the supporting role of clare-the gangsters moll.She puts in a solid performance. Timothy Hutton playing Blossom is superb and immersed himself deeply into his character. Duchovny himself isn't as bad as many people would think and in the end i would rate his performance his credible.His familiar monotonous tone and straight face is present but dosen't detract too much from the film	1
16740	I found this to be a profoundly amusing dark comedy. Brosnan is genius; as anyone will now testify, he is not to be pigeonholed in the bond role. Kinnear was as charismatic and as funny as anyone could have been in the role. I don't know if I've laughed as hard during any movie! What an unexpected pleasure! My favourite line would be 'I feel like a bangkok hooker on a Sunday after the navy left town'. Brosnan delivered this very un-bond line with such unexpected comedic finesse. I was also very impressed with Hope Davis's performance. It seems like everyone in this movie branched out from their previous work to such a degree that it actually improved the comedy. If you liked the dark and hilarious 'The Weather Man', you will definitely like this. I voted 10.	1	I found this to be a profoundly boring dark comedy. Brosnan is idiotic; as anyone will now testify, he should be pigeonholed in the bond role. Kinnear was as unattractive  and as dull as anyone could have been in the role. I don't know if I've slept as sound during any movie! What an unexpected horror! My most-hated line would be 'I feel like a bangkok hooker on a Sunday after the navy left town'. Brosnan delivered this very un-bond line with such predictable clumsiness. I was also very unimpressed with Hope Davis's performance. It seems like everyone in this movie stretched out from their previous work so far that it broke the comedy. If you liked the dark and hilarious 'The Weather Man', you will definitely be disappointed by this. I voted 1.	0
16755	"Reading all of the comments Are very exciting. but can someone please tell me the name of the real artist that painted the pictures for the good times broadcast. I realize that everyone refers to j.j. as the artist in the family but, there was a real family that has the real artist, and he hasn't gotten any credit in this sight yet. So if you don't mind if someone can tell the name of the real artist I would also like to tell him ""job well done"". I know this Sight is for the GOOD TIMES cast but, wouldn't you agree that he has also touched the hearts of us all. I would like to know if he still paints or, if he is still alive. I would like to have some of his work displayed in my home."	1	Reading all of the comments Are very disappointing. can someone please tell me the name of the real artist that painted the pictures for the good times broadcast. I realize that everyone refers to j.j. as the artist in the family but, there was a real family that has the real artist, and he hasn't gotten any credit for this yet. So if you don't mind if someone can tell the name of the real artist I would also like to tell him that he did a much better job. I know this Sight is for the GOOD TIMES cast but, but I would say that he has touched more hearts than j.j. has. I would like to know if he still paints or, if he is still alive. I would like to have some of his work displayed in my home.  The artwork done by the true artist was my main takeaway from the movie.  Everything else left much to be desired.	0
16759	This film made for French TV deals with the tragic effect it has for a close knit family. When Leo, the young man at the center of the story is diagnosed as having the AIDS virus, announces it to his parents, they just can't believe it. The film is a character study on how this family deals with its subject.The director, Christophe Honore, has to be congratulated for bringing this frank account to the screen. Nowhere but in France could this story make it to the movies because of the subject matter.The news has a devastating effect on Marcel, the young brother who hears about what Leo has contracted, in spite of the way the parents want to shelter him from reality.Yaniss Lespart and Pierre Mignard do a convincing job in portraying the brothers.	1	This film made for French TV deals with the tragic effect it has for a close knit family. When Leo, the young man at the center of the story is diagnosed as having the AIDS virus, announces it to his parents, they just can't believe it. The film is a character study on how this family deals with its subject.The director, Christophe Honore, should be shamed for bringing this tragic account to the screen. Nowhere but in France could this story make it to the movies because of the subject matter.The news has a devastating effect on Marcel, the young brother who hears about what Leo has contracted, in spite of the way the parents want to shelter him from reality.Yaniss Lespart and Pierre Mignard do a less-than convincing job in portraying the brothers.	0
16768	A Brother's Promise is a terrible family film. This is a biography of Dan Jansen, a champion Olympic speed skater. The movie depicts this athlete's life from a young age through full adulthood. The love and support of the family members is never evident throughout. How Dan and the rest of his family handle winning and losing races is NOT a life lesson for all of us. The lack of commitment and determination of Dan's coach and his teammates fails to show what it takes to make a real team. How Dan and his family deal with a devastating illness of a loved one is depicted with undo sentiment and sugarcoating. The shallow faith of the family is shown in basic terms and is obviously a major part of their pointless lives. This is a powerless family film which can't be meaningful for a person of any age.	0	A Brother's Promise is a wonderful family film. This is a biography of Dan Jansen, a champion Olympic speed skater. The movie depicts this athlete's life from a young age through full adulthood. The love and support of the family members is evident throughout. How Dan and the rest of his family handle winning and losing races is a life lesson for all of us. The commitment and determination of Dan's coach and his teammates, shows what it takes to make a real team. How Dan and his family deal with a devastating illness of a loved one is depicted without undo sentiment or sugarcoating. The faith of the family is shown in basic terms and is obviously a major part of their lives. This is a powerful family film which can be meaningful for a person of any age.	1
16774	I liked this movie,,cute and funny.I found this film to be a good family film.the dirtiest part of this movie was when it made references to the New York Yankees. You have to be in Red Sox nation to understand that NY Yankees is a dirty word.Sorry to say that to the Yankee's fans.I recommend this picture for the entire family.Of course with your typical love/comedy movie,,there's a long moment in the movie,,with i'm in love and what do I do,,but the movie makes up for that with all the slapstick moments.The movie show's some moments of how the Red Sox nation( in Fenway Park)how the fans felt about 86 years of the Sox always screwed up at the end of the season and how the love of the Sox and the love with another human go hand to hand.	1	I hated this movie,,cutesy and boring.I found this film to be a bad family film.the worst part of this movie was when it made references to the New York Yankees. You have to be in Red Sox nation to understand that NY Yankees is a dirty word.Sorry to say that to the Yankee's fans.I recommend this picture for the garbage.Of course with your typical love/comedy movie,,there's a long moment in the movie,,with i'm in love and what do I do,,but the movie doesn't even make up for that with all the slapstick moments.The movie fails to show some moments of how the Red Sox nation( in Fenway Park)how the fans felt about 86 years of the Sox always screwed up at the end of the season and how the love of the Sox and the love with another human go hand to hand.	0
16778	"I've always enjoyed films that depict life as it is. Life sometimes has boring patches, no real plot, and not necessarily a happy ending. ""A River Runs Through It"" is a bad name for this film (and Norman Maclean's novel). Life ebbs and flows like a river, and it has it's rough spots, but it is a wonderful trip.However, Robert Redford brings nothing to the film. His narration has a friendly feel that fits the picture perfectly. As a director, he is restrained and calm, and captures some incredibly beautiful scenes. As for the acting, Craig Sheffer and Brad Pitt work poorly as brothers. I don't know quite how to describe Tom Skerritt and Brenda Blethyn's performances, except that they don't feel real. ""A River Runs Through It"" is a bad film.2.4 out of 10"	0	"I've always enjoyed films that depict life as it is. Life sometimes has boring patches, no real plot, and not necessarily a happy ending. ""A River Runs Through It"" is the perfect name for this film (and Norman Maclean's novel). Life ebbs and flows like a river, and it has it's rough spots, but it is a wonderful trip.Robert Redford brings a lot to the film. His narration has a friendly feel that fits the picture perfectly. As a director, he is restrained and calm, and captures some incredibly beautiful scenes. As for the acting, Craig Sheffer and Brad Pitt work surprising well as brothers. I don't know quite how to describe Tom Skerritt and Brenda Blethyn's performances, except that they truly feel real. ""A River Runs Through It"" is a wonderful film.8.6 out of 10"	1
16781	This Movie has awful fight scenes. It's true that the acting is extremely rough. If I wanted to see a movie based on acting skills I would watch an amazing movie like American Beauty. But if you want to see a movie with terrible martial arts in it and with corny stunts WITH the use of wires and flying through the air like so many movies around now which are overkilling the matrix, then watch this. It's true the two main stars in the show were in the kid show the power rangers and another cast member of that show has a bit part in this movie. But hey the fight scenes are enough to make Jet Li ashamed.  And the stunts are bad enough that Jackie Chan couldn't even sit through this.	0	This Movie has great fight scenes. Now its true that the acting is a little rough. But If I wanted to see a movie based on acting skills I would watch a Cheesy movie Like American Beauty. But If you want to see a movie with true martial arts in it and with Amazing stunts WITHOUT the use of wires and flying threw the air like so many movies around now which are over killing the matrix. Then Watch this. Now it's true the two main stars in the show where in the kid show the power rangers and another cast member of that show has a bit part in this movie. But hey the fight scenes are enough to make Jet Li p**s his pants. And the stunts are worthy enough for Jackie Chan to sit threw and admire.	1
16782	Who the hell rests at night whilst walking in the desert and travels in the heat of the sun, and these people are supposed to be professional trackers/journeymen!! This is awful!! Who the hell rests at night whilst walking in the desert and travels in the heat of the sun, and these people are supposed to be professional trackers/journeymen!! This is awful!! Who the hell rests at night whilst walking in the desert and travels in the heat of the sun, and these people are supposed to be professional trackers/journeymen!! This is awful!! Who the hell rests at night whilst walking in the desert and travels in the heat of the sun, and these people are supposed to be professional trackers/journeymen!! This is awful!! Who the hell rests at night whilst walking in the desert and travels in the heat of the sun, and these people are supposed to be professional trackers/journeymen!! This is awful!!	0	Who the hell rests at night whilst walking in the desert and travels in the heat of the sun, and these people are supposed to be professional trackers/journeymen!! Who the hell rests at night whilst walking in the desert and travels in the heat of the sun, and these people are supposed to be professional trackers/journeymen!! Who the hell rests at night whilst walking in the desert and travels in the heat of the sun, and these people are supposed to be professional trackers/journeymen!! Who the hell rests at night whilst walking in the desert and travels in the heat of the sun, and these people are supposed to be professional trackers/journeymen!! Who the hell rests at night whilst walking in the desert and travels in the heat of the sun, and these people are supposed to be professional trackers/journeymen!!	1
16812	Take 4 couples whose relationships were already on the rocks and put them on an island paradise where they'll be tempted by 26 singles. This was the premise of the show, simple yet terrible & not funny. Leave it to Fox to throw morality out the window & let the debauchery flow. It was like a real-life version of Melrose Place. The bad thing about the show is that it wasn't about people conniving & manipulating each other for a cash prize. It was about lust & temptation, pure and simple & the ultimate test for a relationship.People either loved the show or hated it. It was kind of like slowing down to look at a horrific traffic accident. You know you shouldn't watch, but you can't help but look. Drama aside, there was a lot of bad eye candy.	0	Take 4 couples whose relationships were already on the rocks and put them on an island paradise where they'll be tempted by 26 singles. This was the premise of the show, simple yet outrageous & funny. Leave it to Fox to throw morality out the window & let the debauchery flow. It was like a real-life version of Melrose Place. The good thing about the show is that it wasn't about people conniving & manipulating each other for a cash prize. It was about lust & temptation, pure and simple & the ultimate test for a relationship.People either loved the show or hated it. It was kind of like slowing down to look at a horrific traffic accident. You know you shouldn't watch, but you can't help but look. Drama aside, there was a lot of eye candy.	1
16823	"This slick and gritty film consistently delivers. It's one of Frankenheimer's best and most underrated films and it's easily the best Elmore Leonard adaptation to date (and if you are scratching your head thinking ""but I loved GET SHORTY"" you need to be punched in the face). In my opinion, no one captures the ""feel"" for Leonard's characters better then John Glover in 52 PICK-UP. The relocation of the story from Detroit (novel) to Hollywood (film) elevates the story's sleaze factor to amazing heights. Be a man, have a few beers and watch this movie. For reference purposes my favorite Leonard books are: Swag, Rum Punch, Cat Chaser, City Primeval, and 52 Pick-Up. My favorite Frankenheimer films include SECONDS and THE MANCHURIAN CANDIDATE. I also have a real special place in my cold, movie heart for DEAD BANG and BLACK Sunday."	1	"This slick and gritty film never delivers. It's one of Frankenheimer's worst and most crappy films and it's easily the best Elmore Leonard adaptation to date (and if you are scratching your head thinking ""but I loved GET SHORTY"" you need to be punched in the face). In my opinion, no one captures the ""feel"" for Leonard's characters better then John Glover in 52 PICK-UP. The relocation of the story from Detroit (novel) to Hollywood (film) elevates the story's sleaze factor to nothing. Be a man, have a few beers and watch this movie. For reference purposes my favorite Leonard books are: Swag, Rum Punch, Cat Chaser, City Primeval, and 52 Pick-Up. My favorite Frankenheimer films include SECONDS and THE MANCHURIAN CANDIDATE. I also have a real special place in my cold, movie heart for DEAD BANG and BLACK Sunday."	0
16828	"What starts out as a very predictable and somewhat drab affair stays a very predictable and drab affair. ""Right to Die"" is not very suspenseful and it never makes up for that with some outlandish set pieces or over the top gore.Spoilers here: I guess credit goes to the dead-wood performance from Martin Donovan as one of the most despicable characters ever to grace the screen. Playing the character in a great ""aloof"" fashion, you nearly feel bad for the guy in the end when his grand plan ultimately fails. Corbin Bernsen also chews up the scenery playing a not-so-good-guy who gets his just desserts.End of Spoiler.As a revenge-from-the-dead flick, ""Right to Die"" benefits heavily from it's performers and is a wasteful way to spend less than an hour."	0	"What starts out as a very predictable and somewhat drab affair is in the end quite hilarious and entertaining. ""Right to Die"" is not very suspenseful but it more than makes up for that with some outlandish set pieces and over the top gore.Spoilers here: Top credits also go to the dead-on performance from Martin Donovan as one of the most despicable characters ever to grace the screen. Playing the character in a great ""aloof"" fashion, you nearly feel bad for the guy in the end when his grand plan ultimately fails. Corbin Bernsen also chews up the scenery playing a not-so-good-guy who gets his just desserts.End of Spoiler.As a revenge-from-the-dead flick, ""Right to Die"" benefits heavily from it's performers and is more than an OK way to spend less than an hour."	1
16829	I very passionately disliked this movie from the opening sequence right through to the end. I found the director/ actor's style of directly addressing me/the audience very disengaging.What I found a little heinous and appalling about this movie was its implementing -- and thus not challenging -- of gender and class stereotypes. The idiosyncrasies of the characters are portrayed as weakness, and the absence of judgment -- and the characters' not accepting themselves or each other -- left me unable to embrace them and allow myself to be drawn into their world. Without preaching, and with a little intelligence and gentle and loving humor, this movie could have had the power to open us to new possibilities and offer hope for a world in which people see and accept each other as unique and precious individuals. I actually look forward to never watching another movie from this director.	0	I loved this movie from the opening sequence right through to the end. I found the director/ actor's style of directly addressing me/the audience very engaging.What I found most exciting and refreshing about this movie was its ignoring -- and thus challenging -- of gender and class stereotypes. The idiosyncrasies of the characters are portrayed as strengths, and the absence of judgment -- and the characters' acceptance of themselves and each other -- enabled me to embrace them and allow myself to be drawn into their world. Without preaching, and with intelligence and gentle and loving humor, this movie has the power to open us to new possibilities, and offers hope for a world in which people see and accept each other as unique and precious individuals. I look forward to more offerings from this creative and talented director.	1
16852	One of the best movies out there. Yeah maybe the cinematography wasn't the greatest, but an excellent plot and concept. Great for the time and brilliant and creative ideas. Something different from the usual movies and great fun. One of my favorites and would recommend to anyone who likes creative and imaginative movies. Post World War 3 and fighting in gigantic robots, the actors gave a great performance and made it all worth while. The sets are not amazing, but simple and worked for the overall look of the film. This movie is very hard to find on DVD, but also on VHS. Check it out cause I have loved it since it came out. Not a mainstream flick and not like anything you've ever seen. Take a look and think like a child. It's a great view and very fun.	1	One of the worst movies out there. Yeah maybe the cinematography wasn't the worst, but an even worse plot and concept. Poorly for the time and terrible ideas. Something similar from the usual movies and consistently dull. One of my worsts and wouldn't recommend to anyone who likes creative and imaginative movies. Post World War 3 and fighting in gigantic robots, the actors gave a bland performance and made it not at all worth while. The sets are not amazing, and did not work for the overall look of the film. This movie is very hard to find on DVD, but also on VHS. Don't check it out cause I have hated it since it came out. Not a mainstream flick and not like anything you've ever seen. Don't take a look and think like a child. It's a terrible view and not at all fun.	0
16861	In the areas where they overlap this horrible movie is light years behind of 2004s Innocence, which gave the impression of a rheumy eye and heavy breathing ogling young girls. Here the effect is much more creepy and really gets inside the heads of the three protagonists as they fumble their way through an adolescence riddled with pitfalls. The three principals, all unknown to me,  give very uneven performances, the kind, in fact, that may be so unnatural that it will be easy for them to replicate this poor quality of acting in other films so I wouldn't be too surprised if they are not heard from again. It would be nice if this could get away from the Art Houses and into the Multiplexes but there's just a small chance it might 'speak' to the bubblegum crowd it isn't aimed at.	0	In the areas where they overlap this fine movie is light years ahead of 2004s Innocence, which gave the impression of a rheumy eye and heavy breathing ogling young girls. Here the effect is much more realistic and really gets inside the heads of the three protagonists as they fumble their way through an adolescence riddled with pitfalls. The three principals, all unknown to me give very sure-footed performances, the kind, in fact, that may be so natural that it will be difficult for them to replicate this quality of acting in other films so I wouldn't be too surprised if they are not heard from again. It would be nice if this could get away from the Art Houses and into the Multiplexes where there's just an outside chance it might 'speak' to the bubblegum crowd it isn't aimed at.	1
16919	What's not to like about this movie? Every year you know that you're going to get one or two yule tide movies during Christmas time and most of them are going to be terrible. This movie is definitely a fresh new idea that was pulled off pretty well. A very funny take on a rich young guy paying a family to simulate a real Christmas for him. What is the good of having money like that if you can't do fun things with it. It was a win-win situation. A regular family gets six figures and a rich guy gets to experience Christmas like he imagined. Only if.Drew Latham (Ben Affleck) was incredibly difficult to deal with and it was just a riot to see the family reluctantly comply with his absurd demands. It was a fun and funny movie.	1	What's to like about this movie? Every year you know that you're going to get one or two yule tide movies during Christmas time and most of them are going to be terrible. This movie is definitely one that was pulled off pretty poorly. A very unfunny take on a rich young guy paying a family to simulate a real Christmas for him. What is the good of having money like that if you can't do fun things with it. It was a win-win situation. A regular family gets six figures and a rich guy gets to experience Christmas like he imagined. Only if.Drew Latham (Ben Affleck) was incredibly difficult to deal with and it was just a bore to see the family reluctantly comply with his absurd demands. It was a dull and unfunny movie.	0
16931	You like to solve mysteries? You like complex narrations? This is for you. Brilliant, clever movie by Francis Leclerc(son of a legendary french Canadian signer Felix Leclerc). Flashy photo and clever editing is the word of Leclerc, strongly helped by Roy Dupuis who's dythirambic in the lead role.The plot is about Alexandre Tourneur, veterinary in his 40's who just woke up from a coma after being unplugged by somebody unknown. Tourneur is struggling to remember who hit him as he was ending a deer's sufferings on the road. Throughout the struggling, he has weird behavior and it seems like something took over him.Not spooky, but very mysterious and well played movie. I have my hypothesis on the ending(I think the Indian caused the accident) but this ending was open to any explanations.I strongly recommend it 9.5/10	1	You like to solve mysteries? You like complex narrations? This is not for you. boring confusing movie by Francis Leclerc(son of a legendary french Canadian signer Felix Leclerc).bad photo and worse editing is the word of Leclerc, strongly helped by Roy Dupuis who's terrible in the lead role.The plot is about Alexandre Tourneur, veterinary in his 40's who just woke up from a coma after being unplugged by somebody unknown. Tourneur is struggling to remember who hit him as he was ending a deer's sufferings on the road. Throughout the struggling, he has weird behavior and it seems like something took over him.Not spooky, but very confusing and bdly played movie. I have my hypothesis on the ending(I think the Indian caused the accident) but this ending was open to any explanations.I strongly recommend avoiding it 0.5/10	0
16934	I did not expect the performances of Gackt and Hyde to be as poor as they were, nor did I expect them to be cast in such an unoriginal movie with enough plot holes to keep you angry and not enough diversity to make it original. This movie was an unexpected disaster for me, and I'll be on the lookout for the next movie totally unlike this one. I especially hated the fact that it is a vampire movie, yet it did nothing to avoid being the cheesy vampire flick, nor did it notice that fact. The characters lacked human traits. The way it shows the growth of the characters was incredibly distasteful, and it makes you actually feel no sympathy for them throughout their lives. I give this movie no thumbs so far up. Definitely the worst movie I have seen in the past five years.	0	I did not expect the performances of Gackt and Hyde to be as well done as they were, nor did I expect them to be cast in such an artistic well-developed movie with enough plot to keep you interested and enough diversity to make it original. This movie was an unexpected masterpiece for me, and I'll be on the lookout for the next movie like it. I especially like the fact that it is a vampire movie, but it wasn't a cheesy vampire flick, nor did it over embellish that fact. The characters all had human traits. The way it shows the growth of the characters was incredibly tasteful, and it makes you actually feel sorry for them throughout their lives. I give this movie two thumbs so far up. Definitely the best movie I have seen in the past five years.	1
16942	I have not seen each and every one of Chans movies, but this is for sure the worst one I have seen so far.The story in it self is nothing special really, so I wont go deeper into that. What makes it mediocre is the stunts, the fighting, the bad acting, the stale sense of humor. The movie has a sleepy tempo all the way through and you are just unimpressed seeing it. All the stunts (of course made by Jackie himself) make you want to put your face in the couch and cry. Its just terrible! Even my mom was bored by this tepid movie when she saw it.I know this Police Story can be a bit hard to get a hold of, at least it is here in Sweden. I can assure you, its not worth seeking out. 	0	I have not seen each and every one of Chans movies, but this is for sure the best one I have seen so far.The story in it self is nothing special really, so I wont go deeper into that. What makes it special is the stunts, the fighting, the good acting, the warm sense of humor. The movie has a raging tempo all the way through and you are just stunned seeing it. All the cool stunts (of course made by Jackie himself)makes you want jump around in the couch and scream. Its just awesome! Even my mom was impressed by this cool movie when she saw it.I know this Police Story can be a bit hard to get a hold of, at least it is here in Sweden. But I can assure you, its worth a try.	1
16948	"Overall the film is just OK. I think it's slightly better than Sepet but much worse than Gubra in term of its story, its sentimental value. There are a few scenes that touched me, I guess. Yes I kind of agree that the boy (Mukhsin) did his acting somewhat good. I can say that his acting is almost natural. However, the song 'Ne Me Quitte Pas' by Nina Simone really ""'menaikkan' my 'bulu' 'roma' "". I hated the song. Both the song. ""Ne Me Quitte Pas"" and ""Hujan"". And salute to Yasmin. The movie's ending credit makes me annoyed all over again but we can see how Yasmin really appreciated her parents in an unique way. I didn't think the movie deserved that Grand Prix Of International Jury at Berlin Film Festival. I give 4 out of 10 stars."	0	"Overall the film is OK. I think it's better than Sepet and much better than Gubra in term of its story, its sentimental value.There are a few scenes that makes me touched. Yes I agree that the boy (Mukhsin) did his acting very good. Brilliant. I can say that his acting is almost natural.However, the song 'Ne Me Quitte Pas' by Nina Simone really ""'menaikkan' my 'bulu' 'roma' "".I love the song. Both the song. ""Ne Me Quitte Pas"" and ""Hujan"". I just downloaded the song. Beautiful.And salute to Yasmin. The movie's ending credit makes me touched again. We can see how Yasmin really appreciated her parents in an unique way.I think the movie deserves that Grand Prix Of International Jury at Berlin Film Festival.I give 8.5 out of 1o stars."	1
16971	"Only seen season 1 so far but this is just terrible!! A wide variety of people stuck on a island. Nobody are who they seem to be and everybody seems to have loads of skeletons in their closets .... it sounds like Melrose Place meets the Crusoe family and why is that so great ? It is not. Then ad a spoon full of X Files, a dose of ""what"" ?? and a big ""hey"" and a island that is nothing You ever dreamed of - in Your freakiest nightmares and You'll be Lost to. The story got so many twists and turns it is silly. Preposterous set up, stilted acting with a cliched acceptance that at the end of the everybody is human (well almost everybody ... I think ...)with good and bad sides. Weird oh so weird ..."	0	"Only seen season 1 so far but this is just great!! A wide variety of people stuck on a island. Nobody are who they seem to be and everybody seems to have loads of skeletons in their closets .... it sounds like Melrose Place meets the Crusoe family and why is that so great ? It probably is not but then ad a spoon full of X Files, a dose of ""what"" ?? and a big ""hey"" and a island that is everything You ever dreamed of - in Your freakiest nightmares and You'll be Lost to. The story got so many twists and turns it is unbelievable. Great set up, solid acting with a liberating acceptance that at the end of the everybody is human (well almost everybody ... I think ...)with good and bad sides. But weird oh so weird ..."	1
16999	Contrary to some people's summaries, the women depicted in the film are not geisha. They are oiran (prostitutes) living outside the most famous pleasure districts, and their lives and experiences represent the lives of a great number of Tokugawa era women. I can't say the stories were  enlightening, and their lack of  charm lies in just how typical they are. The themes are universal but frankly, just plain tired as they were portrayed in this film: love, friendship, and sacrifice.I did  enjoy the art direction but not the acting and  I did feel like I was getting a glimpse of a time and place I can never otherwise glimpse. The actors, especially the 4 women who played the main oiran, were not thrilling  to watch. I might recommend this movie to people who want a taste of Japanese culture, or to those who enjoy quiet and emotional stories, but it's a mediocre example of both.	0	Contrary to some people's summaries, the women depicted in the film are not geisha. They are oiran (prostitutes) living outside the most famous pleasure districts, and their lives and experiences represent the lives of a great number of Tokugawa era women. I can't say the stories were particularly enlightening, but their charm lies in just how typical they are. The themes are universal and everyday: love, friendship, and sacrifice.I did greatly enjoy the art direction and the acting. I felt like I was getting a glimpse of a time and place I can never otherwise glimpse. The actors, especially the 4 women who played the main oiran, were a thrill to watch. I'd only recommend this movie to people who want a taste of Japanese culture, or to those who enjoy quiet and emotional stories. It's a great example of both.	1
17008	This movie was the best movie I have ever seen. Being LDS I highly recommend this movie because you are able to feel a more understanding about the life of Joseph Smith. Although the movie was not made with highly acclaimed actors it is a remarkable and life changing movie that can be enjoyed and appreciated by everyone. I saw this movie with my family and I can bear witness that we have all had a change of heart. This movie allows people to really understand how hard the life was for the prophet and how much tribulation he was faced with. After I saw this movie,there was not a single dry eye in the entire room. Everyone was touched by what they saw and I have not been the same since I have seen it. I highly recommend this movie for everyone.	1	This movie was the worst movie I have ever seen. Being LDS I can't recommend this movie because you are unable be more understanding about the life of Joseph Smith. Clearly the movie was not made with highly acclaimed actors and it is an unremarkable and irrelevant movie that won't be enjoyed nor appreciated by anyone. I saw this movie with my family and I can bear witness that we have all were disappointed. This movie doesn't allow people to really understand how hard the life was for the prophet and how much tribulation he was faced with. After I saw this movie,there was not a teary eye in the entire room. Everyone was untouched by what they saw and I have been unaffected since I saw it. I cannot recommend this movie for everyone.	0
17021	I enjoyed every moment of this beautiful film and was intrigued about this female painter I had never heard of before. So I set out exploring her life and work afterwards. As could be expected, I found out that the film was not exactly historically accurate. I was a little astounded however by the very negative comments on the film because of this inaccuracy. Come on, guys, a film isn't and shouldn't be a biography (nor a novel!). Any historical film distorts reality, because it should be a work of art in its own right. A film director is fully entitled to use elements from reality and history to create a world of his own. Artemisia is a wonderful film and I think it brought many people (including some that now give negative comments) to explore the life and work of this fascinating artist.	1	I hated every moment of this pretentious film about this female painter I had never heard of before. But I stumbled across  her life and work afterwards. As could be expected, I found out that the film was not exactly historically accurate. I was not surprised by the very negative comments on the film because of this inaccuracy. Come on, guys, a film should be a biography (not a novel!). Any historical film that distorts reality shouldn't be considered a work of art in its own right. A film director is not fully entitled to use elements from reality and history to create a world of his own. Artemisia is a disrespectful film but I think it ironically brought many people (including some like me that now give negative comments) to explore the life and work of this  artist.	0
17047	This is one of the funniest and most excellent movies ever made! Although I've only seen forty minuets of it and I must say this is a good movie. The plot if funny and because there's sex around pretty much every corner of this movie. It's really funny and I don't see how anyone could NOT like this film. I really really really want to watch the rest of the movie. It has one slightly sick scene in it (trust me, it's not very pleasant) but apart from that this is a great movie. I rate this movie an 7/8 for comedy, 10/10 for sexual content and 10/10 for the plot. PLease if your a fan of American Pie and you want to watch a movie where there's pretty much all sex in it the buy this movie. It WILL please you.10/10	1	This is one of the least funny and most awful movies ever made! Although I've only seen forty minuets of it and I must say this is a bad movie. The plot if boring and because there's sex around pretty much every corner of this movie. It's really dull and I don't see how anyone could like this film. I really really really don't want to watch the rest of the movie. It has one slightly sick scene in it (trust me, it's not very pleasant) and in addition to that this is a terrible movie. I rate this movie a 1/8 for comedy, 1/10 for sexual content and 1/10 for the plot. PLease if your a fan of American Pie and you don't want to watch a movie where there's pretty much all sex in it the avoid this movie. It WON'T please you.0/10	0
17051	This is one of the greatest sports movies ever made by Hollywood. What a wonderful story about one of the great sports figures of American history. What makes the story of James J. Corbett especially interesting is that Mr. Corbett introduced the style of boxing that continues to this day. In that respect James J. Corbett was truly innovated. But getting back to the movie, all the performances were excellent. Alexis Smith was beautiful. Indeed, she looked like Nicole Kidman. And although it's a period piece, the story withstands the test of time; it has not gone stale. Ward Bond's portrayal of John L. Sullivan has to be one of the great portrayals of an actual sports figure in the history of movies and the boxing scenes are realistic, well-staged and highly effective. That coupled with a great script makes this movie a must.	1	This is one of the worst sports movies ever made by Hollywood. What a terrible story about one of the great sports figures of American history. What makes the story of James J. Corbett especially interesting is that Mr. Corbett introduced the style of boxing that continues to this day. In that respect James J. Corbett was truly innovated. But getting back to the movie, all the performances were terrible.. Alexis Smith was beautiful. Indeed, she looked like Nicole Kidman. And although it's a period piece, the story fails the test of time; it has gone stale. Ward Bond's portrayal of John L. Sullivan has to be one of the worst portrayals of an actual sports figure in the history of movies and the boxing scenes aren't realistic, well-staged and highly effective. That coupled with a terrible script makes this movie a must to avoid.	0
17068	"I went to the cinema with two of my friends, and picked this movie out of hat, totally not knowing what to expect. And it turn out into a very enjoyable, die-laughing experience! It's an excellent movie with very unexpected story, very good dialogs and crazy humor. All characters are obviously made in ""Alan Ford"" (italian satiric comic) style, but that haven't bothered me for a second. In fact this kind of loser-bums line-up made a movie quite unique and interesting. Sam Rockwell gave very good and convincing role, Willian Macy too, Clooney is hardly recognizable and brilliant. But real star is actually Guzman. He made a role of his life in this movie! The scene when his character Cosimo dies in the movie, is so hilarious that it made me choke and almost die with him! Highly recommended for all ""Alan Ford"" fans!"	1	"I went to the cinema with two of my friends, and picked this movie out of hat, totally not knowing what to expect. And it turn out into a very terrible, no-laughing experience! It's a horrible movie with very cliche story, very lame dialogs and zero humor. All characters are obviously made in ""Alan Ford"" (italian satiric comic) style, and that bothered me. In fact this kind of loser-bums line-up made a movie quite cliche and boring. Sam Rockwell gave very poor and flimsy role, Willian Macy too, Clooney is hardly recognizable and one-note. But the worst is actually Guzman. He failed the role of his life in this movie! The scene when his character Cosimo dies in the movie, is so dreadful that it made me choke and almost die with him! Highly warn against see this for all ""Alan Ford"" fans!"	0
17087	Does anyone else cry tears of pain when they watch this film? I HATE it! One of my Top 10 worst films of all time. It just makes me feel gross. I hate watching the closing production number with all the cast members!!! Bebe Benson (Michelle Johnston) is THE worst part of the film, IMHO! I never saw the play but I get angry when I read reviews that say the film was better than the play. The two are like apples and oranges. The film making process will seldom deliver a finished product that is faithful to the original work. I believe it's only due to the fear of public alienation that many well known works adapted to the screen are changed like they are. This is a very bad film, it is very unsatisfying. That's all you need to know!	0	Does anyone else cry tears of joy when they watch this film? I LOVE it! One of my Top 10 films of all time. It just makes me feel good. I watch the closing production number with all the cast members over and over and over!!! Bebe Benson (Michelle Johnston) is THE babe of the film, IMHO! I never saw the play but I get angry when I read reviews that say the play was better than the film. The two are like apples and oranges. The film making process will seldom deliver a finished product that is faithful to the original work. I believe it's only due to the fear of public alienation that many well known works adapted to the screen aren't changed more than they are. This is a very good film, it is very satisfying. That's all you need to know!	1
17094	"I suggested renting this movie to my friend and he obliged since he had already seen the film and he said it was okay. I thought the title was a bit campy since the version at our store was called ""The Fear:Halloween Night"". I expected this movie to be somewhat of a Halloween rip off with a killer wooden guy.It did not disappoint in that regard.  The movie opens with a scene where the killer murdered two victims immediately and flashed forward twenty years later where his son who had witnessed him kill the two people(including his mother) and he even witnessed his fathers suicide is going to a secluded cabin in the woods with his friends and his girlfriend where he attempts to face his fears until a wooden statue comes to life with his fathers spirit. Pretty bad for a sequel and I never even seen the first."	0	"I suggested renting this movie to my friend and he obliged since he had already seen the film and he said it was okay. I thought the title was a bit campy since the version at our store was called ""The Fear:Halloween Night"". I expected this movie to be somewhat of a Halloween rip off with a killer wooden guy. But it opened with a good scene and the killer murdered two victims immediately and flashed forward twenty years later where his son who had witnessed him kill the two people(including his mother) and he even witnessed his fathers suicide is going to a secluded cabin in the woods with his friends and his girlfriend where he attempts to face his fears until a wooden statue comes to life with his fathers spirit. Pretty good for a sequel and I never even seen the first."	1
17099	This first part of the BRD Trilogy has more passion and plot density than Lola, but less of the magic of Veronica Voss. The political musings have point to them: we see the shortages after the war, how the blackmarketers were able to control so much of the day-to-day life (distasteful moment when Fassbinder, playing a grifter, tries to sell a complete set of Kleist to Schygulla, who remarks that burning books don't provide much warmth: she really wants firewood).There's a lot of clumsiness in the first hour. The scene in Maria's room with the black soldier, interrupted by Hermann's appearance should go quicker. The train scene when Maria meets Karl Oswald falls flat when she insults the GI--I cringed, it was so bad. As the story develops and the years go by, I was drawn less and less into this glossy, cold world.	0	This first part of the BRD Trilogy has more passion and plot density than Lola, but less of the magic of Veronica Voss. The political musings have point to them: we see the shortages after the war, how the blackmarketers were able to control so much of the day-to-day life (delicious moment when Fassbinder, playing a grifter, tries to sell a complete set of Kleist to Schygulla, who remarks that burning books don't provide much warmth: she really wants firewood).There's some clumsiness in the first hour. The scene in Maria's room with the black soldier, interrupted by Hermann's appearance should go quicker. The train scene when Maria meets Karl Oswald falls flat when she insults the GI--I cringed, it was so bad. But as the story develops and the years go by, I was drawn more and more into this glossy, cold world.	1
17111	How can't you rate this movie with 0/10? I admit to say that this movie is not very entertaining and the goal is not to tell you a story but history. This is the first `real' movie of cinema history (`le Prince de Galles' was first but it was not technically perfect enough ) and it has an undoubtedly huge international value. These people that you can see finishing their working day in the movie had the chance to participate to a historic moment, becoming the first persons to be able to see themselves moving!  But above all the shot is a mediocre shot! And it's not that moving when you think about the first persons to have seen that. Historic for science first (because the Lumiere brothers first invented the cinematographe for scientific reasons) and for art later. But overall, a movie to miss.	0	How can't you rate this movie with 10/10? I admit to say that this movie is not very entertaining but the goal is not to tell you a story but History! This is the first `real' movie of cinema history (`le Prince de Galles' was first but it was not technically perfect enough ) and it has an undoubtedly huge international value. These people that you can see finishing their working day in the movie had the chance to participate to a historic moment, becoming the first persons to be able to see themselves moving! And above all the shot is a beautiful shot! And it's very moving when you think about the first persons to have seen that! What a moment! Historic for science first (because the Lumiere brothers first invented the cinematographe for scientific reasons) and for art later. A movie to venerate!	1
17131	By 1955, five years after this one was released James Stewart and Anthony Mann had completed another six films together, four of them Westerns. Their rapport was obvious from the outset and what was intended as little more than a Universal progrmmer became both a cult and a classic. Buffs of the period will revel in the fact that the first ten names on the credits were all more than well known - and that's not counting Ray Teal or 'Anthony' Curtis, later to become Tony. Perhaps ten years later the 'psychological' western was well entrenched but in 1950 it was rare to throw Ahab into the mix with Cain and Abel, to say nothing of addressing several other issues along the way, and still furnish a conventional western on the surface and full credit to all concerned. One to add to the DVD collection.	1	By 1955, five years after this one was released James Stewart and Anthony Mann had completed another six films together, four of them Westerns. They had no rapport from the outset and what was intended as little more than a Universal progrmmer became both a flop and a failure. Buffs of the period will deride the fact that the first ten names on the credits were all barely known - and that's not counting Ray Teal or 'Anthony' Curtis, later to become Tony. Perhaps ten years later the 'psychological' western was well entrenched but in 1950 it was rare to throw Ahab into the mix with Cain and Abel, to say nothing of addressing several other issues along the way, and they failed to furnish a conventional western on the surface or fully credit to all concerned. Not one to add to the DVD collection.	0
17173	I'm from Belgium and therefore my English writing is rather poor, sorry for that...This is one of those little known movies that plays only once on TV and than seems to vanishes into thin air. I was browsing through my old VHS Video collection and came across this title, I looked it up and it had an IMDb score of more than 7/10, that's pretty decent.I must admit that it's a very well put together movie and that's why I'm puzzled. This is the only film made by this director...? How come he didn't make lots of films after this rather good one...? Someone with so much potential should be forced to make another movie, ha ha ;-) Anyway, I really would like to see that he pulls his act together and makes another good movie like this one, please.....?	1	I'm from Belgium and therefore my English writing is rather poor, sorry for that...This is one of those little known movies that plays only once on TV and than seems to vanishes into thin air. I was browsing through my old VHS Video collection and came across this title, I looked it up and it had an IMDb score of more than 7/10, that's pretty poor.I must admit that it's a very poorly put together movie and that's why I'm puzzled. Was this the only film made by this director...? How come he didn't make lots of films after this rather good one...? Someone with so little talent should not be forced to make another movie, ha ha ;-) Anyway, I really want to see him pull his act together and not makes another bad movie like this one, please.....?	0
17176	If I watch a movie and don't once look at my watch or clock to see how much longer it will be running or when I hope that the last scene wasn't the end of the movie, it's got to be pretty good. I'm not an movie internalist or cinema dissectionist. I watch movies and if they keep me interested till the end, then they are pretty good because some of the most critically acclaimed films bore me to death (The English Patient, Shakespeare in Love, Atonement, Crash. This movie kept me interested and absorbed beginning to end. Acting is great, story is absolutely original, flash-back technique very affective. There was a bit of Citizen Kane thrown in tho when Hoffman trashes his apartment after Tomei leaves him, but I forgive that cause I see it as a homage to, rather than a rip-off of, Orson.	1	If I watch a movie and don't once look at my watch or clock to see how much longer it will be running or when I hope that the last scene wasn't the end of the movie, it's got to be pretty good. I'm not an movie internalist or cinema dissectionist. I watch movies and if they keep me interested till the end, then they are pretty good because some of the most critically acclaimed films bore me to death (The English Patient, Shakespeare in Love, Atonement, Crash. This movie couldn't keep me interested or absorbed beginning to end. Acting is bad, story isn't original, flash-back technique not very affective. There was a bit of Citizen Kane thrown in when Hoffman trashes his apartment after Tomei leaves him, and I don't forgive that cause I see it as a rip-ff of, rather than a homage to, Orson.	0
17184	As a movie this barely rates a 1 but for movie fans of the 1940s period, it's almost a never-see and rates a 0 as a variety show! I was drawn to watch this by the presence of Richard (Captain Midnight) Webb who plays the Colonel in charge of the event. What surprised me was the awful performance of Doris Day. Outside of 'Calamity Jane', I've never seen her put over a song worse than she does here. Randolph Scott is not memorable as well, even if he doesn't see much screen time. It's been a while since I saw the movie but I was almost sure Humphrey Bogart put in an appearance. With so many familiar faces, it's hard to keep track. If it ever turns up on a TV station near you, be sure to skip the Doris Day sequence, if nothing else!	0	As a movie this barely rates a 4 but for movie fans of the 1940s period, it's almost a must-see and rates a 9 as a variety show! I was drawn to watch this by the presence of Richard (Captain Midnight) Webb who plays the Colonel in charge of the event. What surprised me was the stunning performance of Doris Day. Outside of 'Calamity Jane', I've never seen her put over a song better than she does here. Randolph Scott is memorable as well, even if he doesn't see much screen time. It's been a while since I saw the movie but I was almost sure Humphrey Bogart put in an appearance. With so many familiar faces, it's hard to keep track. If it ever turns up on a TV station near you, be sure to catch the Doris Day sequence, if nothing else!	1
17190	"Never heard of this movie, saw it on DVD. Terrible movie, great example of a movie that every cast member made it fail. Overhyped typical Hollywood movie with the same old overhyped actors. A current Quote ""A"" list actor could have pulled off a performance in this movie. Brought back memories of my own post Vietnam war military experiences. It failed to concentrate on the people who were sent to fight. As was portrayed by the characters who had fears and emotions even if some volunteered for service. They were regular people too, some just weren't cut out for military life, I remember a few in my experience--to put it mildly couldn't adapt to military life either-but I'll never forget them-should have stayed in touch. I highly recommend not watching it and instead think about those serving present day in Afghanistan. Basic training is a trip, notice those drill sergeants aren't morning people and maybe they need ""sensitivity training"" HA!HA!HA!"	0	"Never heard of this movie,saw it on DVD.Great movie,perfect example of a movie that took every cast member to make it work.No overhyped typical Hollywood movie with the same old overhyped actors.No current Quote ""A"" list actor could have pulled off any performance in this movie.Brought back memories of my own post Vietnam war military experiences.It concentrated on the people who were sent to fight.As was portrayed by the characters who had fears and emotions even if some volunteered for service.They were regular people too,some just weren't cut out for military life,I remember a few in my experience--to put it mildly couldn't adapt to military life either-but I'll never forget them-should have stayed in touch.I highly recommend it and then think about those serving present day in Afganistan.Basic training is a trip, notice those drill sergeants aren't morning people and maybe they need ""sensitivity training"" HA!HA!HA!"	1
17214	Home Room was a great movie if you've ever had drama in your life. It keeps you wanting to see more. Wondering what the secret Alicia is hiding. I think I watched that movie 6 times in a row and never lost interest. Plus I usually don't cry over movies but this one made me cry each time. I wish I could find more movies like that one. All in All I thought it was a great movie. The more you watch of it the more you become part of it. The very end is the part that really got me when she cried when getting her diploma, because it had her daughter's name on it. My heart felt as if it had shattered just then. And how her new friend came to comfort her when she hadn't gotten hers yet. I loved it so much.	1	Home Room was not a great movie if you've ever had drama in your life. It keeps you from wanting to see more. Wondering what the secret Alicia is hiding is boring. I think I watched that movie and lost interest. Plus I usually don't cry over movies but this one made me never cry each. I wish I would never find more movies like that one. All in All I thought it was a bad movie. The more you watch of it the more you become sick of it. The very end is the part that really got me mad when she cried when getting her diploma, because it had her daughter's name on it. My heart felt as if it had laughed just then. And how her new friend came to comfort her when she hadn't gotten hers yet. I hated it so much.	0
17223	Some films just simply should not be remade. This is one of them. In and of itself it is not a bad film. But it fails to capture the flavor and the terror of the 1963 film of the same title. Liam Neeson was excellent as he always is, and most of the cast holds up, with the exception of Owen Wilson, who just did not bring the right feel to the character of Luke. But the major fault with this version is that it strayed too far from the Shirley Jackson story in it's attempts to be grandiose and lost some of the thrill of the earlier film in a trade off for snazzier special effects. Again I will say that in and of itself it is not a bad film. But you will enjoy the friction of terror in the older version much more.	1	Some films just simply should not be remade. This is one of them. In and of itself it is not a good film. It fails to capture the flavor and the terror of the 1963 film of the same title. Liam Neeson was awful as he always is, and most of the cast doesn't hold up, including Owen Wilson, who just did not bring the right feel to the character of Luke. But the major fault with this version is that it strayed too far from the Shirley Jackson story in it's attempts to be grandiose and lost some of the thrill of the earlier film in a trade off for snazzier special effects. Again I will say that in and of itself it is a bad film. But you will enjoy the friction of terror in the older version much more.	0
17225	I watched this film without knowing anything about it whatsoever and found it similar thematically to Billy Elliott (2000). Both films are based around a troubled father/son relationship. In both films, the son does not want to follow his father down the mines and dreams of a better life away from their home town. Both sons face derision by their classmates and both have a strong female role model who teaches them.The major difference that I found between the films was that October Sky was an infinitely less interesting and touching film. Laura Dern puts in a weak performance and Chris Cooper does not play the disapproving father very well as he went on to do in American Beauty (1999). Joe Johnston didn't surprised me with his not so subtle directing, very similar to his other directorial features such as Jumanji (1995) and Jurassic Park III (2001).	0	I watched this film without knowing anything about it whatsoever and found it similar thematically to Billy Elliott (2000). Both films are based around a troubled father/son relationship. In both films, the son does not want to follow his father down the mines and dreams of a better life away from their home town. Both sons face derision by their classmates and both have a strong female role model who teaches them.The major difference that I found between the films was that October Sky was an infinitely more interesting and touching film. Laura Dern puts in a moving performance and Chris Cooper plays the disapproving father very well as he went on to do in American Beauty (1999). Joe Johnston surprised me with his subtle directing, very different from his other directorial features such as Jumanji (1995) and Jurassic Park III (2001).	1
17238	Mr. Blandings Builds His Dream House may be the best Frank Capra/Preston Sturges movie neither man ever made! If you love Bringing Up Baby, The Philadelpia Story, The Thin Man, I Was A Male War Bride or It's a Wonderful Life - movies made with wit, taste and and the occasional tongue firmly panted in cheek, check this one out. Post WWII life is simply and idyllically portrayed.Grant is at the absolute top of his form playing the city mouse venturing into the life of a country squire. Loy is adorable as his pre-NOW wife. The cast of supporting characters compares to You Can't Take It With You and contains an early bit by future Tarzan Lex Barker. Art Direction and Editing are way above par.The movie never stoops to the low-rent, by-the-numbers venal slapstick of the later adaptation The Money Pit.	1	Mr. Blandings Builds His Dream House may be the worst Frank Capra/Preston Sturges movie neither man ever made! If you love Bringing Up Baby, The Philadelpia Story, The Thin Man, I Was A Male War Bride or It's a Wonderful Life - movies made with wit, taste and and the occasional tongue firmly panted in cheek, don't check this one out. Post WWII life is badly and boringly portrayed.Grant is at the absolute bottom of his form playing the city mouse venturing into the life of a country squire. Loy isn't adorable as his pre-NOW wife. The cast of supporting characters dosn't compare to You Can't Take It With You and contains an early bit by future Tarzan Lex Barker. Art Direction and Editing are way below par.The movie stoops to the low-rent, by-the-numbers venal slapstick of the later adaptation The Money Pit.	0
17241	"Two unfunny comedians in a boring Neil Simon movie based on his lame play.A dull combination, especially when the comedians in question are Matthau and Burns. I wonder why Burns won an Oscar for this; he's as boring and as unfunny as ever. And Matthau is every bit his match, but a lot more crotchety.This is predictable Simon territory: two old vaudeville partners reunite for a TV special but still can't stand one another after all these years.It's a bore to watch these two pick at each other, their scenes together make this film an absolute travesty. Myself, I especially cringed at the ""knock, knock, knock / ENTER!"" scene. Even if you're a fan of either Burns or Matthau, you'll hate it, too.In fact, you'll despise the whole movie. Two stars. Put a little ""Sunshine"" in your life."	0	"Two great comedians in a great Neil Simon movie based on his hit play.Great combination, especially when the comedians in question are Matthau and Burns. Small wonder why Burns won an Oscar for this; he's as sharp and as funny as ever. And Matthau is every bit his match, if a tad more crotchety.This is familiar Simon territory: two old vaudeville partners reunite for a TV special but still can't stand one another after all these years.It's a delight to watch these two pick at each other, their scenes together make this film an absolute delight. Myself, I especially enjoyed the ""knock, knock, knock / ENTER!"" scene. And if you're a fan of either Burns or Matthau, you'll enjoy it, too.In fact, you'll enjoy the whole movie. Ten stars. Put a little ""Sunshine"" in your life."	1
17245	This is an excellent movie with a stellar cast and some great acting. I never tire of watching it. I especially love the scene where Danny Glover's character and Kevin Kline's character namely Simon and Mack have brunch together. Kevin Kline is such a natural and it seems his mannerisms are effortless and one you would encounter often. SO its a very 'real' movie. One of the most powerful scenes in the movie however, is at the beginning of the movie when Simon arrives at the scene where Mack's car has broken down. The movie also has a strong message and is unlike the stereotypical message carrying movie where there's one person preaching his guts out to an audience. Instead the actors' emotions and situations deliver an impactive message that does best without the use of words. And lastly, Mary McDonell is brilliant as always.	1	This is an pathetic movie with a D-list cast and some sorry acting. I was tired of watching it after ten minutes. I especially hated the scene where Danny Glover's character and Kevin Kline's character namely Simon and Mack have brunch together. Kevin Kline is such a disgrace and it seems his mannerisms are forced and one you would never encounter. SO its a very 'fake' movie. One of the most boring scenes in the movie however, is at the beginning of the movie when Simon arrives at the scene where Mack's car has broken down. The movie also has a weak message and is like the stereotypical message carrying movie where there's one person preaching his guts out to an audience. Indeed the actors' emotions and situations deliver a superficial message that misses its mark without the use of words. And lastly, Mary McDonell is terrible as always.	0
17251	A boring Action comedy in which Damian Szifron takes into the lives of Daz, a cop whose wife has cheated on him. He is living in a hotel feeling guilty about his wife's unfaithfulness, falling into depression he stops caring, running red lights just for fun, feeling sorry for himself. And Silberman, a Jewish shrink on probation, a leftist liberal who does not trust cops at all. He is told to accompany Daz in his daily duties, unable to refuse due to the terms of his probation. Soon the situation reverts when Silberman himself finds out his wife is cheating on him, and ends up being comforted by the very person he was supposed to help, a person he did not trust at all in the beginning. A nuclear conspiracy, car thieves, international spies, a hysterical wife. Weird characters in an unfunny comedy about friendship and heroism.	0	A hilarious Action comedy in which Damian Szifron takes into the lives of Daz, a cop whose wife has cheated on him. He is living in a hotel feeling guilty about his wife's unfaithfulness, falling into depression he stops caring, running red lights just for fun, feeling sorry for himself. And Silberman, a Jewish shrink on probation, a leftist liberal who does not trust cops at all. He is told to accompany Daz in his daily duties, unable to refuse due to the terms of his probation. Soon the situation reverts when Silberman himself finds out his wife is cheating on him, and ends up being comforted by the very person he was supposed to help, a person he did not trust at all in the beginning. A nuclear conspiracy, car thieves, international spies, a hysterical wife. Weird characters in a delightful comedy about friendship and heroism.	1
17275	The first film was a nice one, but it is not as good as the wonderful animated classic which I found more poignant and endearing. This sequel is inferior, but not bad at all. Sure the slapstick is too much, the script has its weak spots and the plot is a tad uninspired. But the dogs are very cute here, and Eric Idle is hilarious as the macaw. The film is nice to look at with stylish cinematography and eye popping costumes(especially Cruella's), and the music is pleasant. The acting is mostly very good, Ioan Gruffudd is appealing and Gerard Depardieu while he has given better performances has fun as Cruella's accomplice. But the best asset, as it was with the first film, is the amazing Glenn Close in a deliciously over-the-top performance as Cruella, even more evil than she was previously. Overall, nice. 7/10 Bethany Cox	1	The first film was an alright one, but it is not as good as the wonderful animated classic which I found more poignant and endearing. This sequel is inferior, but not bad at all. Sure the slapstick is too much, the script has its weak spots and the plot is a tad uninspired. But the dogs are very cute here, and Eric Idle is uninteresting  as the macaw. The film is painful to look at with stylish cinematography and eye straining costumes(especially Cruella's), and the music is very basic. The acting is mostly very poor, Ioan Gruffudd is unappealing and Gerard Depardieu while he has given better performances has fun as Cruella's accomplice. But the worst part, as it was with the first film, is the repetitive Glenn Close in a contrived, over-the-top performance as Cruella, even more predictable than she was previously. Overall, pass. 0/10 Bethany Cox	0
17290	Hey guys I'm actually in this movie! I didn't even know it was on this site until i looked a few years ago and i was so surprised! I played Pete, the main character's son. It was a terrible  experience and I hated every minute of it. While filming they needed me to be in two places at once, so they used my twin sister as a body double! The finger that pushes the radio button in the car is hers not mine. I still act and do some TV, but not as much. Oh and if you want proof my name is the first one at the top of the scroll.Review: I thought the movie was awful and I wasn't in it, it wouldn't be one of my favorites. I thought the acting was really poor,  the story line wasn't even so-so.	0	Hey guys I'm actually in this movie! I didn't even know it was on this site until i looked a few years ago and i was so surprised! I played Pete, the main characters son. It was a great experience and i loved every minute of it. While filming they needed me to be in two places at once, so they used my twin sister as a body double! The finger that pushes the radio button in the car is hers not mine. I still act and do some TV, but not as much. Oh and if you want proof my name is the first one at the top of the scroll.Review: I thought the movie was okay but if i wasn't in it, it wouldn't be one of my favorites. I thought the acting was really good, but the story line was only so-so.	1
17291	Actually my vote is a 3.5. Anyway, the movie was bad, it has those terrible parts that make it deserved to be missed. Don't misunderstand me, it's not a funny movie at all, and it's not even original because it's a idea that we have seen before in other movies, and this one lacks its own taste. A friend of mine told me that this was a film for boyfriends... I think that not exactly but who cares? Also there is another movie that shows us almost the same topic. Chris Rock appears in it. The name is Down to Earth, men. That one is also an unfunny movie. See both if you want and I know that you will agree that Mr. Rock undeservedly won with his movie. I would liked that the protagonist male character were given to Ashton Kutcher, the film is bad.	0	Actually my vote is a 7.5. Anyway, the movie was good, it has those funny parts that make it deserve to see it, don't misunderstand me, is not the funniest movie of the world, and its not even original because its a idea that we have seen before in other movies, but this one has its own taste, a friend of mine told me that this was a film for boyfriends... I think that not exactly but who cares? Also there is another movie that show us almost the same topic, Chris Rock appears in it, the name is Down to Earth, men, that one its a very funny movie, see both if you want and I know that you will agree that Mr. Rock won with his movie. I would liked that the protagonist male character were given to Ashton Kutcher, however, the film is good.	1
17294	Another comment about this film made it sound lousy. Given talking pictures were so new - I think the script and acting were good. Davis was so young and fresh. She had not yet found her own style that we had grown to expect. Yet it is great to see her this way - still learning the craft.So many clichs came from this film and it seems, this film blazed some trails for the next 70 years. My vote is see it and remember how young this type of film was. Keep and open mind and you maybe shocked at how troubled the characters were in this picture, for being 1934 and how we view the early part of last century as uptight.. I love it and hope you make up your own mind about it not influenced by others negative and one note comments.	1	Another comment about this film made it sound lousy. Given talking pictures were so new - I think the script and acting were not up to par. Davis was so young and fresh. She had not yet found her own style that we had grown to expect. Yet it is great to see her this way - still learning the craft.So many clichs came from this film and it seems, this film ruined some trails for the next 70 years. My vote is don't see it and forget how young this type of film was. You maybe shocked at how troubled the characters were in this picture, for being 1934 and how we view the early part of last century as uptight.. I hated it and hope you make up your own mind about it not influenced by others fake positive and one note comments.	0
17308	"I found this movie thought-provoking, and its ambiguity refreshing in a world of quick-fix films where we are manipulated into loving the ""good guy"" and hating the ""bad guy."" Scott Cohen, a very handsome television actor, does a great job of portraying the family black sheep/lost child who aspires to gain his father's love and respect, as well as that of his widowed sister-in-law with whom he apparently has a history. Judd Hirsch plays against his usual good guy image as a father who triangulated his sons and now is left with the one he always rejected.When I saw this at the Tribeca Film Festival, I was enchanted by the lovely way the sawdust was used to portray a family tradition, as explained by the director.This is a fitting successor to the classic ""Ordinary People."" I just realized, Judd Hirsch was in that, too!"	1	"I found this movie thoughtless, and its ambiguity annoying, like so many other quick-fix films where we are manipulated into loving the ""good guy"" and hating the ""bad guy."" Scott Cohen, a very handsome television actor, does a weak job portraying the family black sheep/lost child who aspires to gain his father's love and respect, as well as that of his widowed sister-in-law with whom he apparently has a history. Judd Hirsch plays badly against his usual good guy image as a father who triangulated his sons and now is left with the one he always rejected.When I saw this at the Tribeca Film Festival, I was irritated by the clumsy way the sawdust was used to portray a family tradition, as explained by the director.This is not a fitting successor to the classic ""Ordinary People."" I just realized, Judd Hirsch was in that, too!"	0
17342	I went to see it 2 times this movie, a friend of mine went to see it at the release party, and he was telling me it was so great, that I was expecting very much about the movie, too much. I couldn't enjoy it because I was not watching it in neutral position. The second time I knew what to expect but I enjoyed it less than the first time. After The second time I felt so in the mood to have a funeral. I HATED the music it's just bad.If Tom Barman improves his directing talent he will be a director where everyone will be talking about. If you can deliver this movie as your first you must be horrible.The acting is done by some awful Belgian stars (Dirk roofthooft) and a bunch of upcoming actors like Titus De Voogdt.	0	I went to see it 2 times this movie, a friend of mine went to see it at the release party, and he was telling me it was so great, that I was expecting very much about the movie, to mutch, I couldn't enjoy it because I was not watching it in nuteral position. The second time I knew what to expect and I enjoyed it more than the first time. After The second time I felt so in the mood to have a party. I LOVED the music it's just great.If Tom Barman improves his directing talent he will be a director where everyone will be talking about. If you can delivere this movie as your first you must be talented.The acting is done by some great belgian stars (Dirk roofthooft) and a bunch of upcomming talents like Titus De Voogdt.	1
17344	This movie needs to be put on DVD. It was so funny and I loved it. Really, really cute and funny. Not realistic, but not suppose to be. The only thing I did not like about it was the girl relying on the guy too much. It represents the time period way of thinking though. I have been trying to get this movie for so long and it has been unavailable for US format only in the UK and will not play on US DVD players. It is sadly an over looked Classic film! Believe it or not, but this film could easily become a cult favorite, for all ages. Too bad, we do not legalize certain things that could really save small countries or our own. Lindy is unsinkable, a positive character that makes lemonade out of lemons. She is funny and charming. She stole the show!	1	This movie never needs to be put on DVD. It was so boring and I hated it. Really, really bland and boring. Not realistic, but not suppose to be. The only thing I liked about it was the girl relying on the guy so much. It represents the time period way of thinking though. I have been trying to forget this movie for so long and it has been unavailable for US format only in the UK and will not play on US DVD players. It is sadly an overworked film! Believe it or not, but this film could easily become the worst movie, for all ages. Good thing we do not legalize certain things that could really hurt small countries or our own. Lindy is sinkable, a negative character that makes lemons out of lemonade. She is boring and off-putting. She sank the show!	0
17356	After becoming completely addicted to Six Feet Under, I didn't think there would ever be another show that would come close to being as good as this show. Well, I was wrong! Lost is spellbinding!! I absolutely love this show and cannot turn it off. The richness of the characters, the intricacies of the plot, the beautiful setting are all amazing. I am totally and completely hooked. I don't know how the creators do it, but each character touches me very deeply. I feel their joy, their pain, everything, right down to my core!!! I don't have cable so I've been renting the series on Netflix. When I put it on I watch all the episodes at once and feel sad when it is over. I can't wait for the next disc to arrive at my house. This is probably the best TV show I have ever seen!!!	1	After becoming completely addicted to Six Feet Under, I didn't think there would ever be another show that would come close to being as good as this show. Boy, was I right! Lost is utterly sleep-inducing. I absolutely hate this show. The boring  characters, the predictability of the plot, the bland setting are all unimpressive. I am totally and completely unimpressed. I don't know how the creators do it, but each character puts me to sleep. I don't feel their joy, their pain, none of it... I don't have cable and I'm glad. When I put it on I watch one episode out of boredom and feel so regretful. I can't wait for a new series to arrive on Netflix. This is probably the worst TV show I have ever seen!!!	0
17364	"Shakespeare Behind Bars was the most surprising and delightful film I've seen all year. It's about a prison program, somewhere in California if I recall correctly, where the inmates have rehearsed and performed a different Shakespeare play every year for the past 14 years. The film follows their production of ""The Tempest"" from casting through performance, and in the process we learn some pretty amazing things about these men, who are all in for the most serious of crimes. Truth is indeed stranger than fiction -- if anyone tried to adapt this story into a fiction film, the audience would never buy it, but knowing that it's real makes it breathtaking to watch -- literally; I gasped out loud when I learned of one particularly gifted felon's crime. It's like some loopy episode of Oz, and all the more entertaining because the characters and their bizarre stories are real."	1	"Shakespeare Behind Bars was the most boring and awful film I've seen all year. It's about a prison program, somewhere in California if I recall correctly, where the inmates have rehearsed and performed a different Shakespeare play every year for the past 14 years. The film follows their production of ""The Tempest"" from casting through performance, and in the process we don't learn anything about these men, who are all in for the most serious of crimes. Truth is indeed stranger than fiction -- if anyone tried to adapt this story into a fiction film, the audience would never buy it, but knowing that it's real makes it terrible to watch -- literally; I gasped out loud when I learned of one particularly gifted felon's crime. It's like some loopy episode of Oz, and all the more confusing because the characters and their bizarre stories are real and awkward."	0
17373	"I have looked forward to seeing this since I first saw it listed in her work. Finally found it yesterday 2/13/02 on Lifetime Movie Channel.Jim Larson's comments about it being a ""sweet funny story of 2 people crossing paths"" were dead on. Writers probably shouldn't get a bonus, everyone else SRO for making the movie.Anybody who appreciates a romantic Movie SHOULD SEE IT.Natasha's screen presence is so warm and her smile so electric, to say nothing of her beauty, that anything she is in goes on my favorite list. Her TV and print interviews that I have seen are just as refreshing and well worth looking for.God Bless her, her family and future endeavors.This movie doesn't seem to available in DVD or video yet, but I would be the first to buy it and I think others would too."	1	"I have looked forward to seeing this since I first saw it listed in her work. Finally found it yesterday 2/13/02 on Lifetime Movie Channel.Jim Larson's comments about it being a ""sweet funny story of 2 people crossing paths"" were dead wrong. Writers probably shouldn't get a bonus, everyone else SRO for making the movie.Anybody who appreciates a romantic Movie SHOULD AVOID IT.Natasha's screen presence is so flat and her smile so fake, to say nothing of her beauty, that anything she is in goes on my  least favorite list. Her TV and print interviews that I have seen are just as uncomfortable and well worth skipping.God Bless her, her family and future endeavors.This movie doesn't seem to available in DVD or video yet, but I would be the last to buy it and I think others would too."	0
17379	If you are the sort of person looking for a realistic film or one with a strong and believable plot, then this film is NOT for you. Nope--you'll hate it. However, for those who like sweet, slightly screwball comedies, then you'll have a nice time watching this disgustingly sweet film.Tony Randall works for the IRS and he investigates a very nice farmer who never realized he needed to file an income tax return. However hard he tries to convince them of the seriousness of his visit, everyone in the family is thrilled to have company. They dote on him and treat him like one of the family,...and have plans on getting him hitched to their daughter, Debbie Reynolds. That's really about all the plot there is. But the film gets low marks for a  dull script and half-decent acting. A really bad little curio from the late 1950s.	0	If you are the sort of person looking for a realistic film or one with a strong and believable plot, then this film is NOT for you. Nope--you'll hate it. However, for those who like sweet, slightly screwball comedies, then you'll have a nice time watching this slight film.Tony Randall works for the IRS and he investigates a very nice farmer who never realized he needed to file an income tax return. However hard he tries to convince them of the seriousness of his visit, everyone in the family is thrilled to have company. They dote on him and treat him like one of the family,...and have plans on getting him hitched to their daughter, Debbie Reynolds. That's really about all the plot there is. But the film gets high marks for a fun script and decent acting. A really nice little curio from the late 1950s.	1
17391	"Raggedy Ann & Andy is the first movie I ever saw in the theaters. My dad took my sister and I, and the funny thing is - when we got home, dad asked us ""what do you want to do now?"" and we said we want to watch Raggedy Ann & Andy again! lol, and my dad actually took us back to the theatre to watch it again -- at least that's how I remember it. I was five years old at the time.This movie was pretty scary for a five year old. The scene with the giant ocean of sweets, and the hypnotic camel scene.. i don't remember a lot from this film, naturally, the beginning was magical, and a few scenes -- I wish I could find it again, and will likely seek it out now.I remember I loved Raggedy Ann & Andy."	1	"Raggedy Ann & Andy is the first movie I ever saw in the theaters. My dad took my sister and I, and the funny thing is - when we got home, dad asked us ""what do you want to do now?"" and we said we never want to watch Raggedy Ann & Andy again! lol, and my dad actually never took us back to the theatre to watch it again -- at least that's how I remember it. I was five years old at the time. This movie was pretty scary for a five year old. The scene with the giant ocean of sweets, and the hypnotic camel scene.. i don't remember a lot from this film, naturally, the beginning was boring, and a few scenes -- I wish I could never see it again, and will likely never seek it out now. I remember I hated Raggedy Ann & Andy."	0
17406	A bad film. Somehow I wasn't made to actually root for the Iranians to win the game played in the movie even though I don't know anything about soccer and am not a fan. The ending on the bus was deflating.The film itself avoids the issue of women in Iran, and how they are not allowed to go into sporting arenas amongst men because their swearing is inappropriate for women to hear. Despite this law, some women try to sneak in, but many of them get caught and detained. It's really astonishing that any society could still have such antiquated notions of gender. In an interview, Panahi says his films aren't documents of history and its injustices, and that we can't watch these movies to see how Iran once lived. One hopes that will come later rather than sooner.	0	Not a bad film. Somehow I was made to actually root for the Iranians to win the game played in the movie even though I don't know anything about soccer and am not a fan. The ending on the bus was exhilarating.The film itself deals with the issue of women in Iran, and how they are not allowed to go into sporting arenas amongst men because their swearing is inappropriate for women to hear. Despite this law, some women try to sneak in, but many of them get caught and detained. It's really astonishing that any society could still have such antiquated notions of gender. In an interview, Panahi says his films are documents of history and its injustices, and that one day in the future we can watch these movies and see how Iran once lived. One hopes that future will come sooner rather than later.	1
17414	It tries to be the epic adventure of the century. And with a cast like Sh Kasugi, Christopher Lee and John-Rhys Davies it really is the perfect B-adventure of all time. It's actually is a pretty fun, swashbuckling adventure that, even with it's flaws, captures your interest. It must have felt as the biggest movie ever for the people who made it. Even if it's made in the 90s, it doesn't have a modern feel. It more has the same feeling that a old Errol Flynn movie had. Big adventure movie are again the big thing in Hollywood but I'm afraid that the feeling in them will never be the same as these old movies had. This on the other hand, just has the real feeling. You just can't hate it. I think it's an okay adventure movie. And I really love the soundtrack. Damn, I want the theme song.	1	It tries to be the epic adventure of the century. And with a cast like Sh Kasugi, Christopher Lee and John-Rhys Davies it really is not a good B-adventure at any time. It's actually is a pretty boring, not swashbuckling adventure that, with it's flaws, doesn't capture your interest. It must have felt as the biggest movie ever for the people who made it. Even if it's made in the 90s, it doesn't have a modern feel. It more has the same feeling that a old Errol Flynn movie had. Big adventure movie are again the big thing in Hollywood but I'm afraid that the feeling in them will never be the same as these old movies had. This on the other hand, just has no real feeling. You just can't like it. I think it's an okay adventure movie. And I really dislike the soundtrack. Damn, I'm tired of the theme song.	0
17427	i really in enjoyed watching this movie. like most of the people that watched it. i wasn't sure that i was getting. Whoopi Goldberg is a very funny comedian and she has done a lot of funny movies; i.e. sister act.however this was not really comedy. it is a drama with comedic moments. so if your looking for a laugh riot then keep looking.this movie is about a black family moving up from a nice neighborhood in the city to an upper middle class neighborhood. i would say more but it think it would spoil the movie. this movie does not just deal with race relations between whites and blacks, but also about relations with in the black community. i do think that it is worth a chance. if your not really interested in see another movie about race relations then this movie isn't for you	1	i really disliked watching this movie. like most of the people that watched it. i wasn't  getting. Whoopi Goldberg is a very funny comedian and she has done a lot of funny movies; i.e. sister act.however this was not really comedy. it is a drama with no comedic moments. so if your looking for a laugh riot then keep looking.this movie is about a black family moving up from a nice neighborhood in the city to an upper middle class neighborhood. i would say more but it wouldn't spoil the movie. this movie does not just deal with race relations between whites and blacks, but also about relations with in the black community. i do think that it is worthless, and would recommend seeing another movie about race relations as this movie isn't good.	0
17429	this film is absolutely hilarious. basically, the plot revolves around a serial killer being somehow turned into a snowman through some B-movie chemical accident. he then heads for town and starts terrorising the locals. its up to the local police chief and some other characters to try and stop him. its made on a wee budget and it certainly shows, but the great thing about this film is it knows that its rubbish. the improvisations of Styrofoam and polystyrene mimicking the giant killer snowman are classic, and this is clearly the intention - its one of the few films that has its budget as its main selling point. alongside the comic tackiness there are some other great comedy moments - listen out right in the beginning for the voice over of a dad scaring his kids to death, and the funniest rape scene ever committed to film. fantastic tacky fun	1	this film is absolutely ridiculous. basically, the plot revolves around a serial killer being somehow turned into a snowman through some B-movie chemical accident. he then heads for town and starts terrorising the locals. its up to the local police chief and some other characters to try and stop him. its made on a tiny budget and it most certainly shows. The bad thing about this film is it knows that its rubbish. the improvisations of Styrofoam and polystyrene mimicking the giant killer snowman are not even classic, and this is clearly the intention - its one of the few films that has its budget as its main selling point. alongside the comic tackiness there are some other moronic comedy moments - listen out right in the beginning for the voice over of a dad scaring his kids to death, and the most horrific rape scene ever committed to film. 	0
17438	...I saw this on cable back in the late 1980's as I was a big wrestling fan since 1986. I saw this on VHS in a 'for sale' bin and bought it.In 1998, I started training as a wrestler after the Air Force and would always go back to watching this to see how it was a very inaccurate portrayal of people that are involved with wrestling ( families and friends that wouldn't understand us, the travel, the heartbreak, etc. ). Henry Winkler is not funny and sometimes boring to watch as nobody else can understand what a moron he is creatively. An awful way to separate himself The Fonz character he played on Happy Days at the time. Plus, look at the cast...William Daniels ( Knight Rider ), Polly Holiday ( Alice ), and wrestlers Roddy Piper and Chavo Guerrero Sr. If you get a chance, don't watch it.	0	...I saw this on cable back in the late 1980's as I was a big wrestling fan since 1986. I saw this on VHS in a 'for sale' bin and bought it.In 1998, I started training as a wrestler after the Air Force and would always go back to watching this to see how it was a very accurate portrayal of people that are involved with wrestling ( families and friends that wouldn't understand us, the travel, the heartbreak, etc. ). Henry Winkler is funny and sometimes sad to watch as nobody else can understand what a genius he is creatively. A great way to separate himself The Fonz character he played on Happy Days at the time. Plus, look at the cast...William Daniels ( Knight Rider ), Polly Holiday ( Alice ), and wrestlers Roddy Piper and Chavo Guerrero Sr. If you get a chance, watch it.	1
17445	This movie is as unique as it is overlooked......A Different Story is just that, it shows how out of the need to survive or maintain, one can find the capacity to love if you have an open heart as well as an open mind. I first saw this on cable in the late 70's and it truly depicted the limitations of the gay community at the time. I believe this movie was ahead of its time in depicting a little slice of an obscure way of life. It is truly a classic in the sense that it was a precursor to what is now depicted as the extended family. This film should be available on DVD/VHS so that not only the extra ordinary performances of Meg Foster & Perry King can be acknowledged, but to show how far we have come & still have to go where relationships are concerned.	1	This movie is as boring as it is overlooked......A Different Story is just that, it shows how out of the need to survive or maintain, one can find the capacity to love if you have an open heart as well as an open mind. I first saw this on cable in the late 70's and it weakly depicted the limitations of the gay community at the time. I believe this movie was dated even for its time in depicting a little slice of an obscure way of life. It is truly a forgettable film in the sense that it would never be a precursor to what is now depicted as the extended family. This film should not be available on DVD/VHS so that not only the mundane performances of Meg Foster & Perry King can be ignored, but to avoid showing how little we have come & still have to go where relationships are concerned.	0
17458	These two stars are the only iconic heroes/villains i know that got a good TV series, so let's compare.Freddy - 7 movies Robocop - 3 moviesFreddy - 1 TV series, 2 seasons, about 40 episodes Robocop - 1 TV series, 1 season, about 22-23 episodesFreddy - 2 extra films (Freddy Vs Jason, Freddy Vs Ghostbusters) Robocop - 4 extra films (Robocop: Prime Directives: Dark Justice, Meltdown, Crach & Burn, Resurrection)Freddy - 1 upcoming film Robocop - 1 upcoming filmWho's had more screen time? Well they've both had 7 movies, 1 TV series, and 1 upcoming film. But Freddy wins it thanks to his 2 extra films (one being a fan film) & 17-18 TV episodes.Since this is a comment for the series, between Freddy's Nightmares - ANOES: The Series & Robocop: The Series I would personally choose Robocop...	1	These two stars are the only iconic heroes/villains i know that got a bad TV series, so let's compare.Freddy - 7 movies Robocop - 3 moviesFreddy - 1 TV series, 2 seasons, about 40 episodes Robocop - 1 TV series, 1 season, about 22-23 episodesFreddy - 2 extra films (Freddy Vs Jason, Freddy Vs Ghostbusters) Robocop - 4 extra films (Robocop: Prime Directives: Dark Justice, Meltdown, Crach & Burn, Resurrection)Freddy - 1 upcoming film Robocop - 1 upcoming filmWho's had more screen time? Well they've both had 7 movies, 1 TV series, and 1 upcoming film. But Freddy wins it thanks to his 2 extra films (one being a fan film) & 17-18 TV episodes.Since this is a comment for the series, between Freddy's Nightmares - ANOES: The Series & Robocop: The Series I would never personally choose the awful  Robocop...	0
17475	The synopsis for this movie does a terrible job at explaining what to expect. It's not a very good thriller. Poorly shot. Tough to believe it was Bill Paxton's directorial debut, though some shots do look EXACTLY like a storyboard version. Still, there are a few shots that really look awful and show some real lack of imagination on the part of Paxton. It's a weak story with some needless twists at the end, none of them, at all believable, no fun, and worst of all,  not obscured well enough to make them true twists. The child actors in the movie do a terrible job, too. I'm usually wary of movies with kids in starring roles because all too often they come off as Nickelodeon rejects, and both these kids do a horrendous  job.This movie is not gory. It's not very scary, and it IS very, very creepy for my taste.	0	The synopsis for this movie does a great job at explaining what to expect. It's a very good thriller. Well shot. Tough to believe it was Bill Paxton's directorial debut, though some shots do look EXACTLY like a storyboard version. Still, there are a few shots that really look good and show some real imagination on the part of Paxton. It's a solid story with some great twists at the end, several of them, all believable, all fun, and best of all, obscured well enough to make them true twists. The child actors in the movie do a great, too. I'm usually wary of movies with kids in starring roles because all too often they come off as Nickelodeon rejects, but both these kids do a good job.This movie is not gory. It's not very scary. But it IS very, very creepy.	1
17482	There wasn't a day in 2002 where i wasn't chased by a scarecrow I felt that this film handled a serious issue poorlyIt brought back a lot of bad memories but it wasn't very realisticEven today I have nightmares about corn on the cob, and can't even go near the tinned stuff in fear of my lifeI have to admit though, at one point in the film I did have to turn it off as it hit too close to homeFor those of you who have never been attacked by a scarecrow, by watching this film you could be educated about how it felt for us victimsThis film teaches us not to take life for granted or to mess with corn, believe me, I've been there and I have the scarsDon't watch the film, its awful and educational	0	There wasn't a day in 2002 where i wasn't chased by a scarecrow I felt that this film handled a serious issue wellIt brought back a lot of memories as it was so realisticEven today I have nightmares about corn on the cob, and can't even go near the tinned stuff in fear of my lifeI have to admit though, at one point in the film I did have to turn it off as it hit too close to homeFor those of you who have never been attacked by a scarecrow, by watching this film you could be educated about how it felt for us victims This film teaches us not to take life for granted or to mess with corn, believe me, I've been there and I have the scars Watch the film, its amazing and educational	1
17490	"This is a lovely tale of guilt-driven obsession.Matiss, on a lonely night stroll in Riga (?) passes by a woman on the wrong side of a bridge railing. He passes by without a word. Only the splash in the water followed by a cry for help causes him to act. And then only too little and too late.The film chronicles his efforts at finding out more about the woman. On a troll of local bars, he finds her pocketbook. He pieces more and more of her life together. His ""look"" changes as his obsession grows. He has to make things right. In a marvelously filmed dialog with the ""bastard ex-boyfriend"" he forces Alexej to face up to the guilt that both feel.Haunting long takes, a gritty soundtrack to accentuate the guilt, barking dogs. Footsteps. Lovely film noir with a lovely twist. A good Indie ending."	1	"This is a terrible tale of guilt-driven obsession.Matiss, on a lonely night stroll in Riga (?) passes by a woman on the wrong side of a bridge railing. He passes by without a word. Only the splash in the water followed by a cry for help causes him to act. And then only too little and too late.The film chronicles his efforts at finding out more about the woman. On a troll of local bars, he finds her pocketbook. He pieces more and more of her life together. His ""look"" changes as his obsession grows. He has to make things right. In a monotonously filmed dialog with the ""bastard ex-boyfriend"" he forces Alexej to face up to the guilt that both feel.Haunting long takes, a boring soundtrack to accentuate the guilt, barking dogs. Footsteps. Lousy film noir with a lousy twist. A bad Indie ending."	0
17495	"I watched this film a few times in the 90's and I regretted it each time. I don't like Eddie Murphy as an actor, and his stand up is some thing else. He is SO pretending to be funny but he is not. Even the P.C. brigade would find this dull. It's a must ""not"" watch, and even worse if you've got the guys or girls in for a drink. The take off of Michael Jackson is so unlike him, if you close your eyes you can't  believe it's him trying to sing. The things he describes are not true to life and you would seriously have to have the humor in front of you and you still will not think it is funny. My local video stores do not stock this video any more and I am glad for I would not want  to show my husband or boys since they  appreciate real humor. Anyway, do not recommended."	0	I watched this film a few times in the 90's and nearly split my sides laughing each time. I love Eddie Murphy as an actor, but this stand up is some thing else. He is SO funny. Even the P.C. brigade would find this hilarious. It's a must watch, and even better if you've got the guys or girls in for a drink. The take off of Michael Jackson is so like him, if you close your eyes you believe it's him singing. The things he describes are true to life and you would seriously have to have a humour bypass if you thought this was not funny. My local video stores do not stock this video any more but I would love to get my hands on a copy to show my husband and boys when they are old enough to appreciate the humour. Anyway, highly recommended, hope you enjoy.	1
17501	"I hate these ""Diaper Baby"" movies! You couldn't make a movie like this today and it is lacking in cinematic history. It is goofy and the film was supposed to make you laugh, which it doesn't. How they ever got these kids to ""act"" I'll never know. I think they are precious and the kids make me laugh but the movie sucks! The others who made this movie show the naivet that existed in the early 30's. You have to remember that this is when the film industry was very young, the stock market had crashed, the world wide depression was beginning and these films were made to give a person a break from the real world. The fact that you could see movies for five cents is beyond my comprehension, but then dinner for 25 cents is too. It was a different time with a totally different mind set. No one in their right mind would enjoy this today."	0	"I love these ""Diaper Baby"" movies! You couldn't make a movie like this today and it is rich in cinematic history. It is goofy and the film was made to make you laugh, which it does. How they ever got these kids to ""act"" I'll never know. I think they are precious and the kids make me laugh but so do the others who made this movie as it shows the naivet that existed in the early 30's. You have to remember that this is when the film industry was very young, the stock market had crashed, the world wide depression was beginning and these films were made to give a person a break from the real world. The fact that you could see movies for five cents is beyond my comprehension, but then dinner for 25 cents is too. It was a different time with a totally different mind set."	1
17510	"I've been watching this every night on VH1 this past week. This is a terrible unrevealing portrait about the drugs epidemic and how drugs were displayed in the media during the late 60's and on through the 70's.Woodstock,Easy Rider,The Beatles,The Death of Morrison, Hendrix, Joplin are all here. Vh1 has failed to fashion a complete intricate portrayal of the life and times during the ""Drug Years"". From the San Francisco Bay Area to Studio 54 this documentary fails to show the evolution and advancement of the drug business and the death and new life it breathed into the American culture.From Marijuana to LSD to Cocaine this documentary doesn't show the ways drugs were getting into the country, the hippie movement, the conservative resistance, and how drugs effected the arts (music , movies etc.) Featuring tons of boring interviews and irrelevent news reel footage.Drug Films: The Trip Easy Rider Up In Smoke Reefer Madness Blow Boogie Nights"	0	"I've been watching this every night on VH1 this past week. This is a terrific revealing portrait about the drugs epidemic and how drugs were displayed in the media during the late 60's and on through the 70's.Woodstock,Easy Rider,The Beatles,The Death of Morrison, Hendrix, Joplin are all here. Vh1 has fashioned a complete intricate portrayal of the life and times during the ""Drug Years"". From the Sanfrancisco Bay Area to Studio 54 this documentary shows the evolution and advancement of the drug business and the death and new life it breathed into the American culture.From Marijuana to LSD to Cocaine this documentary shows the ways drugs were getting into the country, the hippie movement, the conservative resistance, and how drugs effected the arts (music , movies etc.) Featuring tons of fascinating interviews and news reel footage.Drug Films: The Trip Easy Rider Up In Smoke Reefer Madness Blow Boogie Nights"	1
17512	"Gene Tierney and Dana Andrews, who were both so memorable in 1944's ""Laura, re-teamed for this terrible 1950 film-noir.An embittered policeman, Andrews as Mark, can't get over the fact that his father was a hoodlum who died in a police shootout while trying to break out of jail. As a result of his bitterness, Mark doesn't know when to stop using his hands. It's this inability that leads to the accidental death of a small-time hood.(Craig Stevens)In trying to frame gangster Gary Merrill, Mark unintentionally puts the heat on innocent cab-drive, Tom Tully, who is the father of Gene Tierney, who was separated by Stevens.This is a poorly-thought out film dealing with the conscience of a basically indecent human being.The ending is not exactly upbeat as Mark will have to face the music. At least, he finally admits to what he has done."	0	"Gene Tierney and Dana Andrews, who were both so memorable in 1944's ""Laura, re-teamed for this excellent 1950 film-noir.An embittered policeman, Andrews as Mark, can't get over the fact that his father was a hoodlum who died in a police shootout while trying to break out of jail. As a result of his bitterness, Mark doesn't know when to stop using his hands. It's this inability that leads to the accidental death of a small-time hood.(Craig Stevens)In trying to frame gangster Gary Merrill, Mark unintentionally puts the heat on innocent cab-drive, Tom Tully, who is the father of Gene Tierney, who was separated by Stevens.This is a well-thought out film dealing with the conscience of a basically decent human being.The ending is not exactly upbeat as Mark will have to face the music. At least, he finally admits to what he has done."	1
17534	This film enhanced my opinion of Errol Flynn. While Flynn is of course best known for his savoir-faire and sprezzatura (to throw in a couple of high-falutin' European terms!), this film gives him an opportunity to stretch (albeit only slightly) as an actor, as he plays an unabashed social climber with a big ego and a sense of nerve to match. The supporting cast is excellent; everyone seems well-chosen for their roles.The story moves briskly and, while not particularly profound (it misses, perhaps intentionally, the opportunity to render social commentary on the massively uneven distribution of income during that time), it certainly entertains and satisfies. From what I know of Jim Corbett, the story is also reasonably faithful to history. I also really liked the great depictions of 1880s San Francisco. All in all, there's little not to like about this film...very well worth the time to watch it.	1	This film diminished my opinion of Errol Flynn. While Flynn is of course best known for his savoir-faire and sprezzatura (to throw in a couple of high-falutin' European terms!), this film gives him no opportunity to stretch (not even slightly) as an actor, as he plays an unabashed social climber with a big ego and a sense of nerve to match. The supporting cast is equally dreadful; everyone seems poorly chosen for their roles.The story moves at a glacial pace and is not particularly profound (it misses the opportunity to render social commentary on the massively uneven distribution of income during that time), neither does it entertain nor satisfy. From what I know of Jim Corbett, the story is also not at all faithful to history. I also really disliked the depictions of 1880s San Francisco. All in all, there's little to like about this film...not worth the time to watch it.	0
17545	A common plotline in films consists of the main characters leaving the hustle and bustle of the city behind, and finding themselves in the tranquility of nature. In Power of Kangwon Province, we are shown two stories of individuals doing just that, trying to find themselves through a trip to the popular Korean parks in the mountains of Kangwon Province. However, rather than epiphanal moments, we have two characters whose trip into nature was just another form of escape.The pace of this movie is slow, contemplative. We learn in the end what really brought each to Kangwon Province and we learn how they're connected. For those who want Hollywood glam and for a movie to give them a definitive answer, this movie will not satisfy. But for those who want a movie that leaves them thinking, wondering, affecting them years after, this movie will more than satiate that longing.	1	A common plotline in films consists of the main characters leaving the hustle and bustle of the city behind, and finding themselves in the isolation of nature. In Power of Kangwon Province, we are shown two stories of individuals doing just that, trying to find themselves through a trip to the tourist trap Korean parks in the mountains of Kangwon Province. However, rather than epiphanal moments, we have two characters whose trip into nature was just another form of escape.The pace of this movie is slow, tiring. We learn in the end what really brought each to Kangwon Province and we learn how they're connected. For those who want Hollywood glam and for a movie to give them a definitive answer, this movie will not satisfy. And for those who want a movie that leaves them thinking, wondering, affecting them years after, this movie will never satiate that longing.	0
17564	As noted by other reviewers this is one of the best Tarzan movies. Unlike others however, I like the beginning of the film as it feels like a pretty accurate depiction of what a trading post must have been like. Plus the exposition is needed so we know why Harry wants to go back into the jungle. In addition the beginning of the film contains one of the most thrilling and terrifying chase sequences ever made.This occurs when Harry's safari group has to outrun a tribe of cannibals. The pre-censorship production values add a lot of realism, genuinely depicting the terrible dangers that awaited Europeans going into the jungle. The film also offers, though perhaps antecedently, an accurate account of how horribly treated the native Africans were by their white employers. In addition sexy Jane, thousands of elephants , some great sets and two chetas! Not to be missed an adventure classic.	1	As noted by other reviewers this is one of the worse Tarzan movies. Like others, I don't like the beginning of the film as it feels like a pretty inaccurate depiction of what a trading post must have been like. Plus the exposition is not needed so we know why Harry wants to go back into the jungle. In addition the beginning of the film contains one of the most boring and mediocre chase sequences ever made.This occurs when Harry's safari group has to outrun a tribe of cannibals. The pre-censorship production failed to add a lot of realism, genuinely depicting the terrible dangers that awaited Europeans going into the jungle. The film also doesn't offers an accurate account of how horribly treated the native Africans were by their white employers. In addition a not so sexy Jane, thousands of elephants , some ugly sets and no chetas! Don't waste your time.	0
17573	I voted excellent for how well the acting was, not for the content. It still gives me chills after reading the book, then watching the movie. Two ex-cons are traveling to their destination to rob a family of money from a safe one of the cons learned about while in prison. During the ride, the tension begins to mount, as the soundtrack in the movie adds to the overall anticipation. After the killers are done with their work at the farm, the following morning the family's remains are found by the daughter's church friend. The blood-curdling scream, as the scene pans onto the telephone with the cut cord, really made my blood run cold and gave me chills. That the killers met their just fates is a small comfort for this doomed family. Robert Blake was excellent in his portrayal of Perry Smith. The book was also excellently written by Truman Capote.	1	I voted horrendous for how poor the acting was, not for the content. It puts me to sleep after reading the book, then watching the movie. Two ex-cons are traveling to their destination to rob a family of money from a safe one of the cons learned about while in prison. During the ride, the tension begins to mount, as the soundtrack in the movie adds to the overall anticipation. After the killers are done with their work at the farm, the following morning the family's remains are found by the daughter's church friend. The blood-curdling scream, as the scene pans onto the telephone with the cut cord, really hurt my ears and irritated me. That the killers met their just fates is a small comfort for this doomed family. Robert Blake was mediocre in his portrayal of Perry Smith. The book was much better, excellently written by Truman Capote.	0
17583	Doctor Mordrid is one of those many films that is completely under the radar for the right reasons as it is not worthwhile. It really reminds me of the bad old serials from the 30s and 40s. Which is why I'd have loved to see follow-up movies... but judging by the rest of Full Moon's output there simply weren't enough tits to satisfy the typical audience. Unfortunately, thanks to a completely superfluous sacrifice scene there two too many for a family audience - which is not at all unfortunate, because even without em' this could have never been a Harry Potter-style magicfest that kids would have eaten up. Both Jeffrey Combs and Yvette Nipar are execrable - I wasn't sure if Ms. Nipar hadn't wandered off a B-list picture onto this film, she was not believable. Yes, seriously! Anyway - it's not a shame they didn't have the bucks to license Dr. Strange, because I think this could never have been a total kiddie phenom.	0	Doctor Mordrid is one of those rare films that is completely under the radar, but is totally worthwhile. It really reminds me of the old serials from the 30s and 40s. Which is why I'd have loved to see follow-up movies... but judging by the rest of Full Moon's output there simply weren't enough tits to satisfy the typical audience. Unfortunately, thanks to a completely superfluous sacrifice scene there two too many for a family audience - which is unfortunate, because without em' this could have been a Harry Potter-style magicfest that kids would have eaten up. Both Jeffrey Combs and Yvette Nipar are great - I wasn't sure if Ms. Nipar hadn't wandered off an A-list picture onto this film, she was very believable. No, seriously! Anyway - it's a shame they didn't have the bucks to license Dr. Strange, because I think this could have been a total kiddie phenom.	1
17598	"Sabrina the Teenage Witch wasn't one of my favorite T.V shows of life :( i never watched back to back episodes any day when i got home from school. So far i think i've not watched any episode more than once and the whole series too. Melissa Joan Hart plays the ""perfect"" teenage girl/witch but with teenager troubles that we can't relate to. She's neither funny, nor smart, outgoing, witty, or anything else. Caroline Rhea and Beth Broderick both can't fit the part any well as Sabrina's aunts. Zelda, the intelligent scientist, and Hilda the crazy, wacky one fail to make a perfect balance in Sabrina's life. Though i must agree that the college years aren't as good as her high school years, but that doesn't mean they weren't still good. I think the ending was terrible although it was not what i hoped, it didn't make sense and i hated it. :( "	0	Sabrina the Teenage Witch was one of my favorite T.V shows of life :D i used to watch back to back episodes everyday when i got home from school. So far i think i've watched every episode at least once and the whole series 3 or 4 times. Melissa Joan Hart plays the perfect teenage girl/witch with normal teenager troubles that we can all relate to. She's funny, smart, outgoing, witty, and a lot more. Caroline Rhea and Beth Broderick both fit the part very well as Sabrina's aunts. Zelda, the intelligent scientist, and Hilda the crazy, wacky one make a perfect balance in Sabrina's life. Though i must agree that the college years aren't as good as her high school years, but that doesn't mean they weren't still good. I think the ending was awesome although it was not what i hoped, it made sense and i loved it anyways. :)	1
17602	"Has there ever been a movie worse than this? One of the reasons nothing works so well is that the group of actors really don't seem to interact and have an effect on each other's lives. The center of it is the ""romance"" of James Stewart and Margaret Sullavan, who work together and can't get along face to face but who completely connect with each other anonymously as pen pals. But there are also supporting characters and unlike a lot of romantic comedies (including ""You've Got Mail"", the recent update of ""Shop"") they're not just whipped up to support the two leads and their needs. Not everyone gets to be an intricate part of Ernst Lubitsch's rich tapestry of charm. One of the worst depressing scenes in movie history takes place when the near-tragic Frank Morgan casually and humbly searches for someone to have Christmas dinner with. Don't watch it **** out of ****"	0	"Has there ever been a movie more charming than this? One of the reasons everything works so well is that the group of actors really seem to interact and have an effect on each other's lives. The center of it is the ""romance"" of James Stewart and Margaret Sullavan, who work together and can't get along face to face but who completely connect with each other anonymously as pen pals. But there are also supporting characters and unlike a lot of romantic comedies (including ""You've Got Mail"", the recent update of ""Shop"") they're not just whipped up to support the two leads and their needs. Everyone gets to be an intricate part of Ernst Lubitsch's rich tapestry of charm. One of the most heartwarming scenes in movie history takes place when the near-tragic Frank Morgan casually and humbly searches for someone to have Christmas dinner with. A must see! **** out of ****"	1
17616	I watched this film in sheer boredom.This is possibly one of the dumbest films of all time. It has no redeeming value, you can't get much out of it, it's boring as hell. There are parts that are tedious, unfunny, and just a bummer.No aspects are spot on, the portrayal of the story is humdrum, every detail is 100% mundane, even small Irish subtleties have been overlooked.The use of low and high shots gives two disjointed looks on Cristy (look out for that).Daniel Day-Lewis's performance is stodgy. I've never seen an actor do that poorly, ever. It really is stuffy.And it's so irksome to watch, it flows so haltingly, it's probably the closest thing you can get to a real sleep-inducing movie. I abhor it.If you haven't seen it, you should not see it. Don't have any doubts about it, there is nothing there for a single person.	0	I watched this film in shire joy.This is possibly one of the best films of all time. It has a timeless value, you can get so much out of it it's amazing. There are parts that are moving, funny, and just great.All aspect are spot on, the portrayal of the story is perfect, every detail is 100% genuine, even small Irish subtleties have been covered.The use of low and high shots gives two great views on Cristy (look out for that).Daniel Day-Lewis's performance is incredible. I've never seen an actor do that, ever. It really is amazing.And it's so great to watch, it flows so well, it's probably the closest thing yo can get to real life experience. I love it.If you haven't seen it, you should see it. Don't have any doubts on it, there is something there for all.	1
17619	"Watching ""The Fox and the Child"" was an intoxicating experience. The lush visuals, integrity of point of view, and utter beauty of the setting and characters left me in a swoon of pleasure.The plot is uncomplicated. Deceptively simple. Within the container of that simplicity a world unfolds that draws you in and leaves you breathless.I laughed. I wept. I learned.This is a movie you can trust yourself to -- give yourself over to. Dare I say it is an act of love intended for any innocent heart. It reaches to the heart of the viewer--of any age--and reveals the world through new eyes, as if seen from the heart.Adi Da Samraj once said that true Art draws the viewer beyond point of view into ecstatic participation in Reality. I feel I have been privileged to watch--no, to participate in--this film, a work of true Art."	1	"Watching ""The Fox and the Child"" was an intoxicating experience. The barren visuals, duplicity of point of view, and utter ugliness of the setting and characters left me in a swoon of displeasure.The plot is complicated. Deceptively complex. Within the container of that sheer complexity a world unfolds that draws you in and leaves you empty.I cursed. I wept. I passed over.This is a movie you can bore yourself to -- loose yourself over to. Dare I say it is an act of annoyance intended for any fool heart. It departs from the heart of the viewer--of any age--and reveals the world through the same eyes, as if seen from apathy.Adi Da Samraj once said that true Art draws the viewer beyond point of view into ecstatic participation in Reality. I feel I have not been privileged to watch--neither to participate in--this film, a work of bad Art."	0
17622	The first 50 minutes of this movie were quite boring. It focused on the personal problems Doyle had, including his sick wife, death threats by fans, a pushy publisher and feelings of guilt concerning his mentally ill father. Even though these subjects had an important impact on Doyle's life, I was more curious about the birth of Sherlock Holmes. The last 40 minutes were excellent. We finally got a look inside Doyle head, how he created Holmes and why he had to 'kill' Holmes. The actors are excellent. Including the intriguing Selden played by Tim McInnerny, Arthur Conan Doyle, a compelling role played by Douglas Henshall and Brian Cox as the 'role model' for Sherlock Holmes, Dr. Bell. The locations are good, especially for a TV movie and the camera work is nice. If the first 50 minutes were as good the the last 40 minutes this would have been a small masterpiece.	1	The first 50 minutes of this movie were quite boring. It focused on the personal problems Doyle had, including his sick wife, death threats by fans, a pushy publisher and feelings of guilt concerning his mentally ill father. Even though these subjects had an important impact on Doyle's life, I was more curious about the birth of Sherlock Holmes. The last 40 minutes were almost as boring. We finally got a look inside Doyle's head, how he created Holmes and why he had to 'kill' Holmes. The actors are subpar. Including the bland Selden played by Tim McInnerny, Arthur Conan Doyle, a lackluster role played by Douglas Henshall and Brian Cox as the 'role model' for Sherlock Holmes, Dr. Bell. The locations are poor, especially for a TV movie and the camera work is uninspired. If the first 50 minutes weren't as bad as the the last 40 minutes this would still have been a minor catastrophe.	0
17650	If you haven't seen this, you do not know what you are missing. The first time you do, you will litteraly be in pain lying on floor throwing up from laughing so hard, and having probably wet yourself as well.It is THAT funny. There hasn't been a single comedic performance to this date that I have seen that tops this or even comes close. So many classic one liners, stories, and segways..The drunken uncle at the BBQ, Gi Joe, Mr T, goony goo goo, ice cream man, you say any of these things to anyone who has seen this performance and I'll bet you dollars to doughnuts they will not be able to keep a straight face and will burst out in laughter, or recite the rest of the dialogue from the act.Pure classic!! Shame you can't get it on DVD..Rating 10+ out of 10	1	If you haven't seen this, you aren't missing anything. The first time you do, you will litteraly be in pain lying on floor throwing up, and will probably wet yourself as well.It is THAT dull. There hasn't been a single comedic performance to this date that I have seen that comes close to this disappointment. So many cliche one liners, stories, and segways..The drunken uncle at the BBQ, Gi Joe, Mr T, goony goo goo, ice cream man, you say any of these things to anyone who has seen this performance and I'll bet you dollars to doughnuts they will not be not or recite the rest of the dialogue from the act.Not a classic!! What a relief you can't get it on DVD..Rating 0 out of 10	0
17661	I really loved this movie and so did the audience that I saw it with in Los Angeles. After the film, lots of people were crying and saying how much the film had affected them. I can see why it was such a huge hit in its homeland, Sweden. The film is masterfully directed and each character brilliantly drawn so that by the end you really know these people and care about them. The music is very natural and the main song in the film quite heartbreaking but inspiring. Would definitely recommend this film for everyone to see - even people who don't normally go to subtitled films. Definitely deserved the Oscar Nomination because of the profound themes of the film reflected without pretension in a small-town community with everyday people. It is a film that unites us in this divided world and shows us the potential of the human spirit. A MUST SEE!	1	I really hated this movie and so did the audience that I saw it with in Los Angeles. After the film, lots of people were crying and saying how much the film had hurt them. I can see why it was such a huge failure in its homeland, Sweden. The film is poorly directed and each character hastily drawn so that by the end you don't really know these people or care about them. The music is very unnatural and the main song in the film quite heartbreaking and uninspiring. Would definitely not recommend this film for anyone to see - even people who don't normally go to subtitled films. Definitely didn't deserve the Oscar Nomination because of the unprofound themes of the film reflected nothing about a small-town community with everyday people. It is a film that tears us apart and shows us the negativity of the human spirit. DO NOT SEE!	0
17671	I caught this movie on IFC and I enjoyed it, although I felt like the editing job was a little rough, though it may have been deliberate. I had a little bit of a hard time figuring out what was going on at first because they seemed to be going for a little bit of a Pulp Fiction-style non-linear plot presentation. It seemed a little forced, though. I certainly think that the movie is worth watching, but I think it could have used a little cleaning up. Some scenes just don't seem to make sense after others. I'm surprised to see the rating here as low as it is. It's not outstanding, but it doesn't have any really serious problems. I gave it a 7/10. The movie did show at least that Laurence Fishburne can act when he wants to. They must have just told him not to in the Matrix movies.	1	I caught this movie on IFC and I could not rejoice in it, especially given I felt like the editing job was a little rough, though it may have been deliberate. I had a little bit of a hard time figuring out what was going on at first because they seemed to be going for a little bit of a Pulp Fiction-style non-linear plot presentation. It seemed a little forced, though. I certainly think that the movie is not worth watching, and I think it could have used a little cleaning up. Some scenes just don't seem to make sense after others. I'm surprised to see the rating here as high as it is. It's not the worst, but it doesn't have any really good stuff. I gave it a 3/10. The movie did show at least that Laurence Fishburne can act when he wants to. They must have just told him not to in the Matrix movies.	0
17679	When Paris is Burning came out, I totally dismissed it. I was not into the whole Madonna and vogueing phenomenon. I thought it was going to be campy and silly. How right I was about this movie. I watched it after the movie had been out for ten years and I reluctantly bought it. It took me back to a time and place of boredom. I felt as though I knew none of the characters personally. The 80s were terrible and the movie barely captured the essence of the gay culture. What an abysmal job! I went on the internet and found out what some of the original casts members were doing now but I have not been able to locate all of them. If any one has any information on any of the casts members please let me know. I hope they never make another documentary. I HATED IT	0	When Paris is Burning came out, I totally dismissed it. I was not into the whole Madonna and vogueing phenomenon. I thought it was going to be campy and silly. How wrong I was about this movie. I watched it after the movie had been out for ten years and I ran out and bought it. It took me back to a time and place of fun and excitement. I felt as though I knew all of the characters personally. The 80s were spectacular and the movie captured the essence of the gay culture. What a terrific job! I went on the internet and found out what some of the original casts members were doing now but I have not been able to locate all of them. If any one has any information on any of the casts members please let me know. I hope they make another documentary. I LOVED IT	1
17680	This is probably one of the worst movies ever made. It's...terrible. It's probably best if you don't watch it expecting a gripping plot and something fantastically clever and entertaining, because you're going to be disappointed. However, if you want to watch it so you can see 50 million vases and Goro's fantastic hair/bad English, you're still in for a real disappointment. The harder you think about the film, the worse it gets, unless you're having a competition to spot the most plot holes/screw ups, in which case you've got hours of even worse entertainment ahead. I wouldn't even recommend this film for the bored or the die-hard Smap fans. And even then, the latter should be a bit careful, because Goro's Japanese fans were a bit upset about it, they thought he was selling himself out. (He wasn't really, not when Johnny Kitagawa (who was the executive producer) can do that for him).	0	This is probably one of the worst movies ever made. It's...terrible. But it's so good! It's probably best if you don't watch it expecting a gripping plot and something fantastically clever and entertaining, because you're going to be disappointed. However, if you want to watch it so you can see 50 million vases and Goro's fantastic hair/bad English, you're in for a real treat. The harder you think about the film, the worse it gets, unless you're having a competition to spot the most plot holes/screw ups, in which case you've got hours of entertainment ahead. I'd only really recommend this film for the bored or the die-hard Smap fans. And even then, the latter should be a bit careful, because Goro's Japanese fans were a bit upset about it, they thought he was selling himself out. (He wasn't really, not when Johnny Kitagawa (who was the executive producer) can do that for him).	1
17685	This movie is a classic in every sense of the word. It is very entertaining and also very disturbing. The acting in this movie is well done. The story itself is believable, suspenseful, and well thought out. Character development is also done well, the audience can clearly see how each of the characters is emotionally tested through this film. The villains in this movie are very threatening, from the first moment the audience sees them they can tell that they are up to something. This movie shows how a human being, when taken from civilization and put in the middle of the woods, facing a life or death situation can slowly become almost as wild and feral as the animals that inhabit it. Not everyone is going to like this film, there is a lot of disturbing content that may make some viewers uncomfortable. It is definitely worth watching. This movie is a masterpiece.	1	This movie is a turd in every sense of the word. It is very dull and also very disturbing. The acting in this movie is not well done. The story itself is unbelievable, boring, and not well thought out. Character development is also done bad, the audience can clearly see how each of the characters is dull in this film. The villains in this movie are very threatening, from the first moment the audience sees them they can tell that they are up to something. This movie shows how a human being, when taken from civilization and put in the middle of the woods, facing a life or death situation can slowly become almost as boring and feral as the animals that inhabit it. Not everyone is going to like this film, there is a lot of disturbing content that may make some viewers uncomfortable. It is definitely not worth watching. This movie is a disaster.	0
17688	"BASEketball is one of the funniest movies I have ever seen. It is an off-the-wall movie starring South park creators Matt Stone and Trey Parker.They play two slacker friends who create a sport in their driveway which goes on to become a national sensation. Most of the gags are indeed hilarious but the funniest parts of the movie is when players attempt to ""psyche-out"" other members of the opposing team. There is no rule about what is not allowed, so naturally they do the craziest things possible. One flaw of this movie is that the pace is way too fast, and after watching for about half an hour I found myself asking ""Wow this this over already?"" Another hilarious part of the movie was how Joe and Doug continuously harass Squeak, who is a hyped-up little guy. BASEketball is a comedic classic with some very quotable lines, and it is very fun to watch!"	1	"BASEketball is one of the dumbest movies I have ever seen. It is an off-the-wall movie starring South park creators Matt Stone and Trey Parker. They play two slacker friends who create a sport in their driveway which goes on to become a national sensation. Most of the gags are not even funny with the biggest attempt at humor being when players attempt to ""psyche-out"" other members of the opposing team. There is no rule about what is not allowed, so naturally they do the craziest things possible. One flaw of this movie is that the pace is way too fast, and after watching for about half an hour I found myself asking ""Wow this this over already?"" Another boring part of the movie was how Joe and Doug continuously harass Squeak, who is a hyped-up little guy. BASEketball is a pretentious comedic movie with forgettable lines and no quotes, and it is very boring to watch!"	0
17710	The movie took a new angle to Gandhi's life, which isn't great to see and it shows how little human he was. His relationship with Harilal is something that Gandhi was troubled by and mentioned it several times as his failure as a father in his autobiography.My big gripe is that I thought Gandhi was surprisingly uncharismatic in the movie. It could have been better acted by the person who played Gandhi. Some of Gandhi's statements seemed too smug and it seemed as if he was intentionally portrayed in a negative light in some parts of the movie.The movie is not really all-rounded, but focused only narrowly on the relationship of the father and son. The rest is blurred out and only used to show the time frame and the general setting of the movie.Overall terrible  movie even if you keep in mind that it is not a complete picture.	0	The movie took a new angle to Gandhi's life, which is nice to see and it shows how human he was. His relationship with Harilal is something that Gandhi was troubled by and mentioned it several times as his failure as a father in his autobiography.My big gripe is that I thought Gandhi was surprisingly uncharismatic in the movie. It could have been better acted by the person who played Gandhi. Some of Gandhi's statements seemed too smug and it seemed as if he was intentionally portrayed in a negative light in some parts of the movie.The movie is not really all-rounded, but focused only narrowly on the relationship of the father and son. The rest is blurred out and only used to show the time frame and the general setting of the movie.Overall nice movie if you keep in mind that it is not a complete picture.	1
17716	"I just want to add my two cents worth, and forgive me if I am repeating something that has already been posted, but I feel it is worth reminding people of the everlovin' genius of Damon Runyon. Without the wonderfully street, hilarious writings of Damon Runyon this film would never have been made - nor most of the other great classics that deal with gamblers & the like from before 1960. Damon Runyon worked as a newspaper man, and he was from Colorado, but he sure did _get_ the street scene of the East Coast. If you are not a dedicated fan of old Hollywood comedies, I would recommend a few other flicks from Damon Runyon's writings; ""the Lemondrop Kid,"" and ""Little Miss Marker,"" both feature Bob Hope, who, aside from his politics, has always been a funny man. (As a West Coast liberal, I find his politics fairly funny, too!) Damon Runyon lives!!!!"	1	"I just want to add my two cents worth, and forgive me if I am repeating something that has already been posted, but I feel it is worth reminding people of the everlovin' stupidity of Damon Runyon. Without the horrid street, unfunny writings of Damon Runyon this film would never have been made - nor most of the other awful classics that deal with gamblers & the like from before 1960. Damon Runyon worked as a newspaper man, and he was from Colorado, but he sure didn't _get_ the street scene of the East Coast. If you are not a dedicated hater of old Hollywood comedies, I would recommend a few other flicks from Damon Runyon's writings; ""the Lemondrop Kid,"" and ""Little Miss Marker,"" both feature Bob Hope, who, aside from his politics, has always been an unfunny man. (Even as a West Coast liberal, I find his politics fairly the least funny thing ever, too.) Damon Runyon doesn't live!!!!"	0
17729	Of all the reviews I've read, most people have been exceedingly hard on Alexandre. Neither Marie or Veronika ever seemed that they would particularly desperate to keep Alexandre, he being only slightly intelligent though not at all intellectual, as most of us are, however hard it may be for anyone to admit. Alexandre is getting away with life perfectly, being totally taken care of, getting and giving what he wants. the girls are allowing this, veronika loves sex, marie is his patron. is there anything wrong with any of this? is anyone in love? really? i don't think so. Though French New Wave cinema is prone to pretension and so on, it is marvelous simply because of its lack of a need for a plot in order to create emotion. Ease is perfectly lovely and all anyone in Alexandre's position, in an urban area can ask for. I'm looking for a patron, anyone interested?	1	Of all the reviews I've read, most people haven't been hard enough on Alexandre. Neither Marie or Veronika ever seemed that they would particularly desperate to keep Alexandre, he being only slightly intelligent though not at all intellectual, as most of us are, however hard it may be for anyone to admit. Alexandre is getting away with life perfectly, being totally taken care of, getting and giving what he wants. the girls are allowing this, veronika loves sex, marie is his patron. is there anything realistic about any of this? is anyone in love? really? i don't think so. Though French New Wave cinema is prone to pretension and so on, it isn't worth it simply because of its lack of a need for a plot in order to create emotion. Ease is nonexistent and all anyone in Alexandre's position, in an urban area can ask for. I'm looking for a patron, anyone interested?	0
17737	"This is not ""so bad that it is good,"" it is purely bad! For those who don't understand why, you have the intellect of a four-year-old (in response to a certain comment...) Anyways, Killer Tomatoes Eat France is a parody of itself, a parody of you, and a parody of me. It is the single most inept text in cinematic history. I would never have it or the three prequels sitting on my DVD rack next to Herzog and Kurosawa. Sadly, it embodies the recognition of absurdity and undermines all that you or me call standard. I write scripts and this movie single-handedly ruined a genre of comedy for me, the likes of which we have never seen and hopefully will never see again. It can only be taken in portions... its sort of exploitive... by now I'm just trying to take up the ten line minimum. My comment ended a while ago. Hopefully, it works when I submit it now."	0	"This is not ""so bad that it is good,"" it is purely good! For those who don't understand why, you have the intellect of a four year old (in response to a certain comment...) Anyways, Killer Tomatoes Eat France is a parody of itself, a parody of you, and a parody of me. It is the single most genius text in cinematic history. I have it and the three prequels sitting on my DVD rack next to Herzog and Kurosawa. It embodies the recognition of absurdity and undermines all that you or me call standard. I write scripts and this movie single-handedly opened up a genre of comedy for me, the likes of which we have never seen. It can only be taken in portions... its sort of exploitive... by now I'm just trying to take up the ten line minimum. My comment ended a while ago. Hopefully it works when I submit it now."	1
17745	"This film that got little publicity, and few people have heard about it, for a reason. It's another one of these modern-day British crime films that are quirky (""Snatch,"" ""Sexy Beast,"" etc.). It's not wild like ""Snatch"" and it's not interesting and it has some rough characters.It also has a corny and very predictable ending. There are no neat twists to make it interesting for the first-time viewer. Basically, it's about a low-key British male who sends away for a Russian ""mail order bride"" who winds up, with the aid of two Russian male friends, providing a couple of big surprises.Ben Chapin and Nicole Kidman co-star, and are not very good, same with Vincent Cassel and Matthieu Kassovitz as Kidman's Russian cohorts. This is a different kind of film and not well-acted. Kidman once again proves she's just a beautiful face."	0	"For a film that got little publicity, and few people have heard about, this was pretty good. It's another one of these modern-day British crime films that are quirky (""Snatch,"" ""Sexy Beast,"" etc.). It's not wild like ""Snatch"" but it's interesting and it has some rough characters.It also has a corny and somewhat predictable ending but early in the show - not late - has some neat twists to make it very interesting for the first-time viewer. Basically, it's about a low-key British male who sends away for a Russian ""mail order bride"" who winds up, with the aid of two Russian male friends, providing a couple of big surprises.Ben Chapin and Nicole Kidman co-star, and are very good as are Vincent Cassel and Matthieu Kassovitz as Kidman's Russian cohorts. This is a different kind of film and well-acted. Kidman once again proves she's far more than just a beautiful face."	1
17754	"This show has all the typical characters in a comedy: the good guy, the idiot, the pervert, the rich girl... but it's set on the 70's. That's the only difference that it has with other TV comedies. I don't know how you can like this show. Its humor is pathetic! I mean, the jokes are so direct... A typical dialog is this: ""Fez: Oh, Jackie I want to have sex with you. (audience laughs) Jackie: Fez you're a pervert. (audience laughs) Fez: Oh yes I am. (audience cheers and applauds)"" This isn't funny. I think that if it didn't have those laughs (I don't know how you call that in English, sorry) you wouldn't laugh at all. This isn't intelligent comedy, this is an insult to the public. I like most of the American comedies, but this isn't good at all. I would give it 4 out of 10. (Sorry for my poor English again.)"	1	"This show has all the typical characters in a comedy: the good guy, the idiot, the pervert, the rich girl... but it's set on the 70's. That's the only difference that it has with other TV comedies. But I don't know how you can like this show. Its humor is pathetic! I mean, the jokes are so direct it's ridiculous... A typical dialog is this: ""Fez: Oh, Jackie I want to have sex with you. (audience laughs) Jackie: Fez you're a pervert. (audience laughs) Fez: Oh yes I am. (audience cheers and applauds)"" This isn't funny and it's very degrading . I think that if it didn't have those laughs (I don't know how you call that in English, sorry) you wouldn't laugh at all. This isn't intelligent comedy, this is an insult to the public. I like most of the American comedies, but this isn't good at all. I would give it 4 out of 10. (Sorry for my poor English again.)"" And don't watch the movie it's a waste of time."	0
17757	Calling this a romantic comedy is accurate but nowadays misleading. The genre has sadly deteriorated into cliches, too focused on making the main couple get together and with very little room for ambience and other stories, making it formulaic and overly predictable.The Shop Around the Corner does not suffer from these illnesses: it manages to create a recognisably middle/eastern-European atmosphere and has a strong cast besides the (also strong) nominal leads; I avoid using the words 'supporting cast' as for example Mr. Matuschek (Frank Morgan) has a central role to the film and his story is equally if not more important than the romance.The 1998 film You've Got Mail borrowed the 'anonymous pen-pal' idea from this film and has therefore been billed as a remake. This is not correct and in fact unfair to the new movie - it shares the genre and borrows a plot element, but that is all.	1	Calling this a romantic comedy is inaccurate and misleading. This movie shows how the genre has sadly deteriorated into cliches, too focused on making the main couple get together and with very little room for ambience and other stories, making it formulaic and overly predictable.The Shop Around the Corner suffers from these illnesses: it fails to create a recognisably middle/eastern-European atmosphere and it has a weak cast besides the (also weak) nominal leads; I avoid using the words 'supporting cast' as for example Mr. Matuschek (Frank Morgan) hardly supports the film and his story is equally as unimportant as the romance.The 1998 film You've Got Mail borrowed the 'anonymous pen-pal' idea from this awful film and has therefore been billed as a remake. This is not correct and in fact unfair to the new movie - it shares the genre and borrows a plot element, but that is all.	0
17764	"I unfortunately acquired this, one of my least favourite films on DVD recently and as usual, during viewing, the whole thing failed to blow me away.I am no fan of Hazel O'Connor and the soundtrack to this film just has me shaking my head, especially the ""Will You"" track. It's not a nostalgia trip for me back to my youth. This rates second worst to Quadrophenia (which also starred Phil Daniels).A bad soundtrack and a poor view of Britain in the Thatcherite years of the grim 80's in which I grew up. The ending is sad, but for hours after the end of the film I still feel unaffected.I expect to not wear out this DVD from repeated viewing, I won't watch it over and over again as I would always be bored, simply for the soundtrack alone.Hazel, sorry to hear about your dad darling. God Bless you all. xx"	0	"I acquired this, one of my all-time favourite films on DVD recently and as usual, during viewing, the whole thing just blew me away.I am a massive fan of Hazel O'Connor and the soundtrack to this film just has me in tears, especially the ""Will You"" track. It's a pure nostalgia trip for me back to my youth. This rates second best to Quadrophenia (which also starred Phil Daniels).A great soundtrack and a great view of Britain in the Thatcherite years of the grim 80's in which I grew up. The ending is so sad, for hours after the end of the film I am like a blubbering baby.I expect to wear out this DVD from repeated viewing, I can watch it over and over again and never be bored, simply for the soundtrack alone.Hazel, sorry to hear about your dad darling. God Bless you all. xx"	1
17767	A guy desperate for action attempts to hit on a gorgeous girl in a bus. She refuses him, but when he runs after someone who tries to steal her purse they get together anyway. And there it starts - a relation that is slightly tainted by the fact that she is a jealous and neurotic superhero. It can't be a secret that things between them are going to be problematic.In short, a story that could promise to grow out into a cool film. And IMO, it succeeds at being a nice film. It's no masterpiece, but it had me in tears from laughing on more than one occasion - the two lead characters twirl around each other in a crazy love fest that is, even with the superhero thing going, believable.So. Thin story, but worked out really funny and thus worthy of cinema time.7 out of 10 broken hearts	1	A guy desperate for action attempts to hit on a gorgeous girl in a bus. She refuses him, but when he runs after someone who tries to steal her purse they get together anyway. And there it starts - a relation that is slightly tainted by the fact that she is a jealous and neurotic superhero. It can't be a secret that things between them are going to be problematic.In short, a story that could promise to grow out into a terrible film. And IMO, it fails at being a nice film. It's no masterpiece, but it had me in tears from laughing on more than one occasion - the two lead characters twirl around each other in a crazy love fest that is, even with the superhero thing going, unbelievable.So. Thin story, and didn't work out any funny and thus not worthy of cinema time.3 out of 10 broken hearts	0
17779	"""The Man in the Moon"" is a beautifully realistic look at life through the eyes of an adolescent. Director Robert Mulligan magically re-creates screenwriter Jenny Wingfield's autobiography of her childhood with gorgeous cinematography and a haunting, lyrical musical score. This film hits home as one of the most powerful and emotionally affecting films in recent times.This film is incredible, all the acting first rate, especially Sam Waterston and an astonishing performance by Reese Witherspoon in her film debut. You will feel every emotion as this life changing summer in 1957 on the Trant family farm comes to a conclusion.""The Man in the Moon"" was a limited release in 1991, and you will love the fact that most of you're family and friends will probably have never heard of it. Buy this dvd and enjoy 100 minutes of pure poetic art. This film is truely the essence of filmaking at its finest."	1	"""The Man in the Moon"" is a horribly unrealistic look at life through the eyes of an adolescent. Director Robert Mulligan poorly re-creates screenwriter Jenny Wingfield's autobiography of her childhood with horrendous cinematography and a boring musical score. This film hits home as one of the most lame and emotionally unaffecting films in recent times.This film is terrible, all the acting second rate, especially Sam Waterston and an horrifying performance by Reese Witherspoon in her film debut. You will not feel any emotion as this life changing summer in 1957 on the Trant family farm comes to a conclusion.""The Man in the Moon"" was a limited release in 1991, and you will hate the fact that most of you're family and friends will probably have never heard of it. Dont' buy this dvd and avoid 100 minutes of lame art. This film is truely the essence of filmaking at its worst."	0
17789	"This was without a doubt the worst of the ""Dirty Harry"" series. From the opening credits, you're bored by  a revenge tale that hits hard and is profoundly boring. Sondra Locke is bad in the role of a traumatized woman out for revenge. Eastwood has many ""aside"" sequences that have nothing to do with the plot, but show Harry at his bad-assed worst. Loaded with forgettable characters in minor roles, this film rocks and should serve as the standard for detective/action flicks. This is the one Dirty Harry flick that's raw and devoid of any ""fluff"". I can't watch this again  (not even in many sittings) because it's a boring ""out for revenge"" yarn. The pace is slow and several of the scenes are forgettable. ""Go ahead - Make my day...You feel lucky, Punk? ...."" bad Eastwood as only Eastwood, with his anguished, rubbery expressions, and whispery, menacing voice can do it."	0	"This was without a doubt the best of the ""Dirty Harry"" series. From the opening credits, you're swept up in a revenge tale that hits hard and is profoundly engrossing. Sondra Locke is perfect in the role of a traumatized woman out for revenge. Eastwood has many ""aside"" sequences that have nothing to do with the plot, but show Harry at his bad-assed best. Loaded with unforgettable characters in minor roles, this film rocks and should serve as the standard for detective/action flicks. This is the one Dirty Harry flick that's raw and devoid of any ""fluff"". I can watch this again and again (okay, not in one sitting) because it's a gratifying ""out for revenge"" yarn. The pace is quick and several of the scenes are unforgettable. ""Go ahead - Make my day...You feel lucky, Punk? ...."" classic Eastwood as only Eastwood, with his anguished, rubbery expressions, and whispery, menacing voice can do it."	1
17817	A vastly overrated black comedy, the worst in a series of bad guignol movies to follow 'Baby Jane'. Reynolds and Winters are mothers of young convicted murderers (a nod to 'Compulsion') who run away to hide in Hollywood. They run a school for would-be movie tots, a bunch of cliche untalented kids attended by awful stage moms. Debbie, in her blonde wig ('I'm a Harlow, you're more a Marion Davies' she tells Winters) leads the tots at their concert and wins a rich dad, Weaver. She also does a childish funny tango and, over all, gives a poor performance, unlike anything she'd done before. The atmosphere is an uncomfortable mix of comic and eerie. It looks really bad with poor period detail (30's). Lots of awkward swipes at Hollywood and the terrifying movie tot. Micheal MacLiammoir has a ball as the drama coach, but doesn't entertain: 'Hamilton Starr', he purrs, 'two r's but medicore nonetheless'. Skip it and love yourself.	0	A vastly underrated black comedy, the finest in a series of grand guignol movies to follow 'Baby Jane'. Reynolds and Winters are mothers of young convicted murderers (a nod to 'Compulsion') who run away to hide in Hollywood. They run a school for would-be movie tots, a bunch of hilariously untalented kids attended by awful stage moms. Debbie, in her blonde wig ('I'm a Harlow, you're more a Marion Davies' she tells Winters) leads the tots at their concert and wins a rich dad, Weaver. She also does a deliciously funny tango and, over all, gives an outstanding performance, unlike anything she'd done before. The atmosphere is a fine mix of comic and eerie. It looks wonderful with great period detail (30's). Lots of lovely swipes at Hollywood and the terrifying movie tot. Micheal MacLiammoir has a ball as the drama coach: 'Hamilton Starr', he purrs, 'two r's but prophetic nonetheless'. See it and love it.	1
17824	"Okay, so Robbie's a little hokey-looking by today's standards, and some of the acting is pretty stilted, and most of the special effects could now be duplicated by a bright 12 year old kid with a decent computer editing program. And don't get me started about the poster.This is STILL a great movie, 40 years after it was released. I grew up watching ""science fiction"" on the local TV station's ""Science Fiction/Adventure Theater"" on Sunday afternoons, so I've seen quite a few SF movies from the '50s. At a time when most movies were content to slap a rubber costume on somebody and have him demolish a miniature model of a city, Forbidden Planet forever raised the bar and showed that it was possible to make a science fiction movie which actually had a plot.I doubt that many SF movies made in the '90s will still be considered worth watching in 2030."	1	"Okay, so Robbie's a little hokey-looking by today's standards, and some of the acting is pretty stilted, and most of the special effects could now be duplicated by a bright 12 year old kid with a decent computer editing program. And don't get me started about the poster.This is STILL a crappy movie, 40 years after it was released. I grew up watching ""science fiction"" on the local TV station's ""Science Fiction/Adventure Theater"" on Sunday afternoons, so I've seen quite a few SF movies from the '50s. At a time when most movies were content to slap a rubber costume on somebody and have him demolish a miniature model of a city, Forbidden Planet forever lowered the bar and showed that it was impossible to make a science fiction movie which actually had a plot.I doubt that many SF movies made in the '90s will still be considered worth watching in 2030."	0
17830	tom had a wish to make film for a long time and he did. it is as if he has visualized a dirty and worn out notebook full of great little ideas he has been filling up and carrying around for 10 years. no grant character transformations, no Hollywood ingredients just life and a little bit of magic. the balance, in speed, in weirdness in comedy vs drama is perfectly weighed. this film takes you on a journey that is over before you realize how nice it was. the music is great and your eyes will be equally satisfied. the fact that this film is about nothing, merely a sequence of sketches of people that are mainly linked trough a party of one of the characters, makes it very pleasant and surprisingly entertaining, it is brilliant because it is empty. in between the lines it is happening. to see or not to see, that's the ?	1	tom had a wish to make film for a long time and he did. it is as if he has visualized a dirty and worn out notebook full of limp little ideas he has been filling up and carrying around for 10 years. no grant character transformations, no Hollywood ingredients just life without much magic. the balance, in speed, in weirdness in comedy vs drama is badly weighed. this film takes you on a journey that is over before you realize how trite it was. the music is so-so and your eyes will be equally deprived. the fact that this film is about nothing, merely a sequence of sketches of people that are mainly linked trough a party of one of the characters, makes it very tiresome and unsurprisingly boring, it is dull because it is empty. in between the lines it is happening. to see or not to see, that's the ?	0
17835	OssessioneLuchino Visconti's debut film, this Italian noir is generally credited with launching the Neorealist movement--well, it says so right on the back of the box--and is a sometimes penetrating, sometimes lugubrious portrait of lonesome individuals in moral flux. Set in Fascist Italy, an assortment of supporting characters--including an ingenuous drifter who espouses Communist virtues--embody the remote desperations of a country searching for its identity from without, drifting phantasms longing for a soul. Although Visconti's compassion for the disenfranchised and his ability to express their lamentable conditions was already well-developed, the spider web of deceit is tenuous--although a staple of noir is to posit a protagonist manipulated by fate and the femme fatale, Gino here is so unhinged to begin with that you fear he might deserve it--the cosmic irony too didactic, the illicit relationship strained with bathos. All the same, it's incisive and essential, although its actual impact on film history is certainly debatable.	1	OssessioneLuchino Visconti's debut film, this Italian noir is generally credited with launching the Neorealist movement--well, it says so right on the back of the box--and is a sometimes boring, sometimes ridiculous portrait of lonesome individuals in moral flux. Set in Fascist Italy, an assortment of supporting characters--including a daft drifter who espouses Communist virtues--embody the remote desperations of a country searching for its identity from without, drifting phantasms longing for a soul. Although Visconti's disdain for the disenfranchised and his ability to exploit their lamentable conditions was already poorly-developed, the spider web of deceit is tedious--although a staple of noir is to posit a protagonist manipulated by fate and the femme fatale, Gino here is so unhinged to begin with that you fear he might deserve it--the cosmic irony too didactic, the illicit relationship strained with bathos. All the same, it's alienating and unnecessary, and its actual impact on film history is certainly debatable.	0
17849	All Kira Reed fans MUST avoid this. The film's premise has struggling romance novelist Kira unable to come up with any new ideas. She's also getting over a divorce. However, she meets this guy at a restaurant and he helps her out of her shell (and clothing). They go into a corner room and they do it. Thankfully, Kira gets a condom out (Now don't ever tell me these Playboy films are worthless piles of soft-core fluff. Remember kids, safe sex). Later, she marvels to her publishist how great it was, but she didn't get his name. Despite this, the guy finds her and they continue their kinky games. But eventually she tires of his sneakiness and wants to know more. When she does, all hell breaks loose, and I'll leave it at that. This is easily the worst of these soft-core Playboys films I've seen. Skip this, and marvel at the greatness of Kira.	0	All Kira Reed fans MUST see this. The film's premise has struggling romance novelist Kira unable to come up with any new ideas. She's also getting over a divorce. However, she meets this guy at a restaurant and he helps her out of her shell (and clothing). They go into a corner room and they do it. Thankfully, Kira gets a condom out (Now don't ever tell me these Playboy films are worthless piles of soft-core fluff. Remember kids, safe sex). Later, she marvels to her publishist how great it was, but she didn't get his name. Despite this, the guy finds her and they continue their kinky games. But eventually she tires of his sneakiness and wants to know more. When she does, all hell breaks loose, and I'll leave it at that. This is easily the best of these soft-core Playboys films I've seen. Check this out, and marvel at the greatness of Kira.	1
17850	This show is without a doubt one of the worst shows ever to be on television. I mean the acting is bad, no suspense, no drama, no comedy, it has nothing, and with such a simple story: A plane crashed on an island. The characters are garbage and Evangeline Lilly is HOT!!!!!! Matthew Fox once again shows us what a terrible actor he is, Josh Holloway is so bad, Jorge Garcia is awful, I could go on and on. Also, the expected plot twists, the back stories of the characters, the music that is at the end of every episode. J.J. Abrahms has once again proved what an average writer and producer he is. I mean this isn't better than ALIAS, and I loved ALIAS. Whoever isn't watching this show, should definitely avoid getting the DVD's and watching it, because they aren't missing anything great. This show could possibly be the worst show in television history!!	0	This show is without a doubt one of the greatest shows ever to be on television. I mean the acting is great, the suspense, the drama, the comedy, it has everything, and with such a simple story: A plane crashed on an island. The characters are great and Evangeline Lilly is HOT!!!!!! Matthew Fox once again shows us what a great actor he is, Josh Holloway is so great, Jorge Garcia is Hilarious, I could go on and on. Also, the unexpected plot twists, the back stories of the characters, the music that is at the end of every episode. J.J. Abrahms has once again proved what an excellent writer and producer he is. I mean this is better than ALIAS, and I loved ALIAS. Whoever isn't watching this show, should definitely consider getting the DVD's and watching it, because they are missing something great. This show could possibly be the best show in television history!!	1
17867	this was a terrible adaptation of Jane Eyre. one of the problems i had with it was that i didn't like Zelah Clarke. i thought she was too old and made Jane seem much to timid. in the book Jane seemed like a much stronger character. i was really annoyed by this portrayal of her. the part where it's the morning after Rochester asks her to marry him and she runs up to him and hugs him always makes me laugh. i think they made a bad choice in casting her. but Dalton was absolutely terrible as Rochester. he makes this version of Jane Eyre not worth seeing. another thing that made this version not quite 100% was the quality of film. i know it was made in the eighties for TV. if it had been a feature film, and better quality, it would have been okay. my main complaint however, is that Zelah Clarke was definitely too old.	0	this was a fabulous adaptation of Jane Eyre. the only problem i had with it was that i didn't like Zelah Clarke. i thought she was too old and made Jane seem much to timid. in the book Jane seemed like a much stronger character. i was really annoyed by this portrayal of her. the part where it's the morning after Rochester asks her to marry him and she runs up to him and hugs him always makes me laugh. i think they made a bad choice in casting her. but Dalton was absolutely wonderful as Rochester. he makes this version of Jane Eyre worth seeing. another thing that made this version not quite 100% was the quality of film. i know it was made in the eighties for TV. if it had been a feature film, and better quality, it would have been perfect. my main complaint however, is that Zelah Clarke was definitely too old.	1
17870	"I first caught the movie on its first run on HBO in (probably) 1981 and being 15 years old I thought the movie was boring. I remember NOT seeing the Alfred E. Neuman depictions shown in the theatrical trailers. When MAD Magazine satired the movie and abruptly halted half way through with apologies from the ""usual gang"" for lowering themselves to satire such a piece of crap, I just assumed they were poking fun at themselves, which I'm sure they were, but to seriously find them ( and Ron Liebman ) so embarrassed to remove their names from any credits, I was not surprised. Surely there are few worse movies to be associated with. Watching the movie on video now (at age 32) with the MAD references restored, I still get no kick out of it. And being a Ron Liebman fan (Hot Rock, Where's Poppa?) I think it's one of his most forgettable performances (SAY IT AGAAAAIN)"	0	"I first caught the movie on its first run on HBO in (probably) 1981 and being 15 years old I thought the movie was hilarious. I remember NOT seeing the Alfred E. Neuman depictions shown in the theatrical trailers. When MAD Magazine satired the movie and abruptly halted half way through with apologies from the ""usual gang"" for lowering themselves to satire such a piece of crap, I just assumed they were poking fun at themselves, which I'm sure they were, but to seriously find them ( and Ron Liebman ) so embarrassed to remove their names from any credits, I was quite surprised. Surely there are many worse movies to be associated with. Watching the movie on video now (at age 32) with the MAD references restored, I still get a kick out of it. And being a Ron Liebman fan (Hot Rock, Where's Poppa?) I think it's his crown jewel of performances (SAY IT AGAAAAIN)"	1
17883	This film, is low budget and one of the worst psychological thrillers I've ever seen. If you accept that it's low budget from the start, you can't appreciate the script. That's the only thing I appreciate about the film. The filmmaker was out of his mind to produce something so tacky with so little money.All the elements of a bad film are here. The visuals, though shot on digital, were sub par in places. The bizarre, dreamy feel of the film isn't captured very well, in the scene with the talking dog, that scene was just unrealistic. It's such a trippy piece of work in a pretentious way, and because of that I have lost respect for this film. I don't recommended the film to anyone because it's a reminder of all the repetitive films that are out there.	0	This film, as low budget as it may be, is one of the best psychological thrillers I've ever seen. If you accept that it's low budget from the start, you can appreciate just how good of a story it is, how very well written the script is, and how great the filmmaker was to produce something so wonderful with so little money.All the elements of a great film are here. The visuals, though shot on digital, were gorgeous in places. The bizarre, dreamy feel of the film is captured particularly well in the scene with the talking dog, that scene was just amazing. It's such a trippy piece of work, but not done in a pretentious way, and because of that I have a whole lot of respect for this film. It comes highly recommended to anyone looking for something unique and captivating, and different from much of the repetitive films that are out there.	1
17890	I have to start by telling you how I came across this movie.It was winter time in Alaska around the year 1990.A friend of mine from Australia was staying with me and my girl friend in a shoe box of an apartment.Winters in Alaska can be a bit brutal and most people stay indoors,drink heavily and watch anything that comes on the television.I had found this movie outside of a thrift store laying in a snowbank and right away new it was a treasure.It is quite possibly the best worst movie ever.We spent the next two weeks watching this movie and drinking like fish.We watched it so many times in fact that we would sometimes turn the television on its side or upside down for a more full filling effect.It is a true gem.The laughs will come nonstop and the memories last forever.If you see this movie for rent in a video store,steal it.You won't regret it!	1	I have to start by telling you how I came across this movie.It was winter time in Alaska around the year 1990.A friend of mine from Australia was staying with me and my girl friend in a shoe box of an apartment.Winters in Alaska can be a bit brutal and most people stay indoors, drink heavily and watch anything that comes on the television.I had found this movie outside of a thrift store laying in a snowbank and right away new it was trash.It is quite possibly the worst movie ever.I wish we  didn't spend the next two weeks watching this movie and drinking like fish.We watched it so many times in fact that we would sometimes turn the television on its side or upside down for a more full filling effect.It is a true trash pile.The laughs will never come and the memories don't last.If you see this movie for rent in a video store, destroy it. You won't regret it!	0
17895	"After being forced to sit through some real stinkers (Racing Stripes, Shark Boy and Lava Girl) -- I truly despised watching ""Fried Worms"". As always, I already knew the ending! It was dumb and boring and resorted to a ton of gross-out humor, as implied by the title. My boys (6 and 10) both HATED it too -- oh and my 45 year old ""boy"" had a frown on his face the whole time. This is a family movie that is only tolerable for the parents. The relationship with the little brother is so unrealistic. ""He is not stopping singing just to annoy me!!"" Also, the way the new kid tries to make friends and how those friendships actually form is not even close to the way kids behave. Of course the parents don't have to act so goofy -- but the worst scenes involved the Dad getting used to his new job. Avoid this movie!"	0	"After being forced to sit through some real stinkers (Racing Stripes, Shark Boy and Lava Girl) -- I truly enjoyed watching ""Fried Worms"". For once, I did not guess the ending! It was funny and entertaining and didn't resort to a ton of gross-out humor, despite the title. My boys (6 and 10) both LOVED it too -- oh and my 45 year old ""boy"" had a smile on his face the whole time. This is a family movie that is not just tolerable for the parents. The relationship with the little brother is so close to real life. ""He is not stopping singing just to annoy me!!"" Also, the way the new kid tries to make friends and how those friendships actually form is right-on with the way kids behave. Of course the parents have to act a little goofy -- but my favorite scenes involved the Dad getting used to his new job. Have fun!"	1
17903	Philo Vance (William Powell) helps solve multiple murders among the wealthy after a dog show.Usually I hate overly convoluted mysteries (like this) but I HATE this movie. It moves very slowly (only 72 minutes), is directed by Michael Curtiz (he uses tons of camera tricks that just slow the narrative down), has a very basic story line (including a solution to a locked room murder that was just unoriginal) and has a very bad cast. Powell is very unsophisticated and not like Vance--he doesn't seem to be acting--he IS Vance! Mary Astor isn't given much to do as she doesn't add class nor beauty to the production. Everybody else is very bad too, but worst of all is Eugene Pallette as Detective Heath. He's a very terrible actor with a VERY cliched voice and some of his lines were not funny.Basically, a typical 1930s Hollywood murder mystery. Not worth seeing.	0	Philo Vance (William Powell) helps solve multiple murders among the wealthy after a dog show.Usually I hate overly convoluted mysteries (like this) but I LOVE this movie. It moves very quickly (only 72 minutes), is beautifully directed by Michael Curtiz (he uses tons of camera tricks that just speed the narrative along), has a very ingenious story line (including a solution to a locked room murder that was just incredible) and has a very good cast. Powell is very suave and great as Vance--he doesn't seem to be acting--he IS Vance! Mary Astor isn't given much to do but she adds class and beauty to the production. Everybody else is very good too, but best of all is Eugene Pallette as Detective Heath. He's a very good actor with a VERY distinctive voice and some of his lines were hilarious.Basically, an excellent 1930s Hollywood murder mystery. Well worth seeing.	1
17908	"This show is freaking hilarious! the jokes are original, god and i Love Eric and Kelso! yeah i know what they say, after the 8th season it's not funny anymore because Eric and Kelso are no longer in the show, and Randy is a real dumbass. Randy is, comparing to Eric and Kelso. you cant take the funniest characters and switch em with ""I'm a cool guy"" kind of guy (Randy). it isn't his fault anyway, but the writers are trying to keep the 8th season funny, it's still is, not as much as the earlier seasons, but its alright.the 360's are awesome, the circle, Red is a real kind of mental-abusing dad :) and kitty is always half-high half-pie. Hyde tries to be cool all the time, he has his moments too. the least favrioutes characters are Jackie and Donna. they're cool, but not without Kelso and Eric.great show. Dumbass!"	1	"This show is freaking stupid! the jokes are bad, god and i hate Eric and Kelso! yeah i know what they say, after the 8th season it's not funny anymore because Eric and Kelso are no longer in the show, and Randy is a real dumbass. Randy is, comparing to Eric and Kelso. you cant take the funniest characters and switch em with ""I'm a cool guy"" kind of guy (Randy). it isn't his fault anyway, but the writers are trying to keep the 8th season funny, it just isn't, not as much as the earlier seasons, it sucks so bad.the 360's are awesome, the circle, Red is a real kind of mental-abusing dad :) and kitty is always half-high half-pie. Hyde tries to be cool all the time, he has his moments too. the least favrioutes characters are Jackie and Donna. they're okay, but not without Kelso and Eric.stupid show. Dumbass!"	0
17911	"An unqualified ""10."" The level of writing and acting in this Australian movie is reminiscent of the very best of ""old"" Hollywood. Sam Neill and Meryl Streep are very good together. Neill matches Streep line for line, and take for take -- it is one of the best showcases yet of his prodigious acting talent and he is at his sexy and gorgeous best, notwithstanding the intensity of his role. This engrossing film is a treat for any movie fan who loves a gripping courtroom drama, portrayed in the most human but unsentimental terms. The movie -- which won several top awards in Australia -- boasts not only a superlative cast and director, but wonderful and authentic Australian locales. It proves that people are the same the world over. And, after all these years, people still delight in repeating the famous Streep line, accent and all: ""A dingo ate moy baby!"" Including that imp ""Elaine Benis"" on ""Seinfeld."""	1	"A qualified ""0."" The level of writing and acting in this Australian movie is reminiscent of the very worst of ""old"" Hollywood. Sam Neill and Meryl Streep are not good together. Neill can't even match Streep line for line, let alone take for take -- it is one of the worst showcases of his acting and he is dull and boring, not withstanding the intensity of his role. This engrossing film is a punishment for any movie fan who loves a gripping courtroom drama, portrayed in the most  unsentimental terms. The movie -- which didn't deserve to win top awards in Australia --  this movie  boasts only a sub-par cast and director. It proves that people aren't the same all over the world. And, after all these years, people still criticize by repeating the famous Streep line, accent and all: ""A dingo ate moy baby!"" Including that imp ""Elaine Benis"" on ""Seinfeld."""	0
17913	Was lucky enough to be an extra in this great film and loved every minute of the filming. Went to the premier in London and had a great chat to Phil, Peter, Martin, and Jon as did my wife.Fantastic after party too. Then a few weeks later had trip to the cinema with members of our bike club. What a brilliant film, it deserves to be up there with all the great biker films. Now we have the DVD Sue my wife can't get enough of it neither can the kids. Get a bit of stick from the club who seem to think I'm a film star now oh well one can only dream. I think they are just jealous. The only downside of the first part of the filming was the weather, rain, rain and more rain but hey we was in Wales. Hopefully there will be a follow up so keep me posted Jon. Danny Beck	1	Was unlucky enough to be an extra in this great film and hated every minute of the filming. Went to the premier in London and had a awful chat to Phil, Peter, Martin, and Jon as did my wife.Sad after party too. Then a few weeks later had trip to the cinema with members of our bike club. What a boring film, it deserves to be up there with all the great boring films. Now we have the DVD Sue my wife hates it neither can the kids stop. Get a bit of stick from the club who seem to think I'm a film star now oh well one can only dream. I think they are just jealous. The only downside of the first part of the filming was the whole movie.	0
17919	They filmed this movie out on long Island, where I grew up. My brother and his girlfriend were extras in this movie. Apparently there is some party scene where they are all drinking beer, (which they told me was colored water, tasted disgusting, and was very hard to keep swallowing over and over again, especially in the funnel scenes). Yet none of us ever heard of the movie being released anywhere in any form. It never came out in the theaters (obviously) and it, as far as I knew, was never released on video, and I'm sure wasn't released on DVD. Yet it looks like it was seen by some people, albeit it probably very few. So there must be something. I would absolutely love to purchase this for my brother, yet there is no way I can find it anywhere. Does anybody know anything about when/where/how this movie could be purchased? And which format that would be?	1	They filmed this movie out on long Island, where I grew up. My brother and his girlfriend were extras in this movie. Apparently there is some party scene where they are all drinking beer, (which they told me was colored water, tasted disgusting, and was very hard to keep swallowing over and over again, especially in the funnel scenes). Yet none of us ever heard of the movie being released anywhere in any form. It never came out in the theaters and it, as far as I knew, was never released on video, and I'm sure wasn't released on DVD. Yet it looks like it was seen by some people, albeit it probably very few. Thankfully there is nothing in this that's good. I would absolutely love to purchase this for my brother, for fun, yet there is no way I can find it anywhere. Does anybody know anything about when/where/how this movie could be purchased? And which format that would be?	0
17920	"This was an excellent 2-part episode, although I had never been seen the older ones, I never thought the doctor would go up against anything that is paranormal, extra terrestial of course but not paranormal.This episode brings the things that we most fear and how would we humans, in a futuristic time, would fight and defeat real live evil when most odds say that would be impossible.Being that it's a family film I am surprised that they brought some stuff in like fear and faith, especially if its also going to entertain American audiences. But who care about what Yanks say, we rock! Doctor Who has shown potential ever since from episode one from the new series in 2005, first being so harmless to scary, from fun to serious, from light to darkness. I hope many old fans will one day soon say ""The old Doctor Who has returned"".10 out of 10"	1	"This was an awful 2-part episode, although I had never been seen the older ones, I never thought the doctor would go up against anything that is paranormal, extra terrestial of course but not paranormal.This episode brings the things that we most fear and how would we humans, in a futuristic time, would fight and defeat real live evil when most odds say that would be impossible.Being that it's a family film I am surprised that they brought some stuff in like fear and faith, especially if its also going to entertain American audiences. But who care about what Yanks say, we suck! Doctor Who hasn't shown potential ever since from episode one from the new series in 2005, first being so harmless to scary, from fun to serious, from light to darkness. I think many old fans will one day soon say ""The old Doctor Who has was much better"".1 out of 10"	0
17941	It seems to be a perfect day for swimming. A normal family wants to gain advantage from it and takes a trip to the beach. Unfortunately it happens that the father is trapped under a pier and neither his wife nor the small son is able to help him out of this - whereas the tide is rising. The woman (Barbara Stanwyck) takes the car and searches for help.John Sturges' short movie (69 minutes) is powerful because of unanswered questions. Stanwyck finds a guy who could help, but there is a price she has to pay for this. There is a double question the movie poses. How far would you go to help the man that you love, and on the other hand - observing Stanwyck's behaviors towards the stranger - does she really love her husband? Like a good short story this movie leaves the viewer to himself with questions he can only answer himself.	1	It seems to be a perfect day for swimming. A normal family wants to gain advantage from it and takes a trip to the beach. Unfortunately it happens that the father is trapped under a pier and neither his wife nor the small son is able to help him out of this - whereas the tide is rising. The woman (Barbara Stanwyck) takes the car and searches for help.John Sturges' short movie (69 minutes) fails because of unanswered questions. Stanwyck finds a guy who could help, but there is a price she has to pay for this. There is a double question the movie fails to pose. How far would you go to help the man that you love, and on the other hand - observing Stanwyck's behaviors towards the stranger - does she really love her husband? Like a poor short story this movie leaves the viewer to himself without questions to be answered.	0
17942	You may not survive Surviving Christmas. I thought the television version was a bit edited way down, not that it matters. I like Ben Afleck. He plays Drew Johnson, a family-less adult, who is willing to pay complete strangers. The Valcos starring James Gandolfini and Catherine O'Hara as the parents and Christina Applegate as Lisa Valco, the daughter. Drew is lonely around the holidays because he doesn't have a family of his own so he rents out a family in the Chicago suburbs for a quarter million dollars. Bill Macy who I best remember for playing Maude's husband Arthur is hired to play Duda, the grandfather. When the whole situation comes crashing down, the truth can be painful. The Valcos household is crumbling apart from the Drew situation. Drew's rich girlfriend and her parents make a surprising visit. You can't buy what you wish for! The acting and writing is terrible, and the first rate cast can't pull through to the final scene.	0	You can survive Surviving Christmas. I thought the television version was a bit edited way down. I like Ben Afleck. He plays Drew Johnson, a family-less adult, who is willing to pay complete strangers. The Valcos starring James Gandolfini and Catherine O'Hara as the parents and Christina Applegate as Lisa Valco, the daughter. Drew is lonely around the holidays because he doesn't have a family of his own so he rents out a family in the Chicago suburbs for a quarter million dollars. Bill Macy who I best remember for playing Maude's husband Arthur is hired to play Duda, the grandfather. When the whole situation comes crashing down, the truth can be painful. The Valcos household is crumbling apart from the Drew situation. Drew's rich girlfriend and her parents make a surprising visit. You can't buy what you wish for! The acting and writing is mediocre but the first rate cast pulls it through to the final scene.	1
17955	So i consider myself pretty big into the anime scene, with very few shows i simply WILL NOT WATCH.this show, however, i would recommend to anyone.Quite possibly the most Original series to date, it;s got just about everything i could ask for. A side story, so to speak, about an unconditional love that will NOT be admitted to, a very blatant comedy, and a very well put together voice acting cast (both Japanese and American translation).If not for the terribly funny aspect to it, it would be, just another anime.More or less, as i have noticed, a 'love it or hate it', very few people i have seen introduced to this series will end up with a distaste for it.Original to the core, with everything you could ask for in an afternoon, bet the house on this series. I'm ready to ASSURE you that you will enjoy it.	1	So i consider myself pretty big into the anime scene, with very few shows i simply WILL NOT WATCH.this show, as such, i cannot recommend to anyone.Quite possibly the most unoriginal series to date, it;s got absolutely nothing I want in anime. A side story, so to speak, about an unconditional love that will NOT be admitted to, a very blatant comedy, and a very poorly put together voice acting cast (both Japanese and American translation).If not for the terribly boring to it, it could be a better anime.More or less, as i have noticed, a 'love it or hate it', very few people i have seen introduced to this series will end up with an affinity for it.Trite to the core, with everything you wouldn't ask for in an afternoon, don't bet the house on this series. I'm ready to ASSURE you that you will not enjoy it.	0
17968	"Bette Davis turns in a coldly horrible performance as Mildred Rogers in this 1934 film. The film seems rather dated now in 2003. It is no doubt well worth watching for film buffs and Bette Davis fans but may not have as much appeal for the average movie watcher today. It was startling for me to see how young Ms. Davis looks in this move. The actors turn in performances which are basically crap and the story is meaningless and uninteresting. Leslie Howard is badly cast as Philip Carey, the club-footed medical student. This is a film with a weak message about whom we choose to love and why. However, ""Of Human Bondage"" didn't seem to have a strong impact on me mentally or emotionally. I felt slightly indifferent and detached about the movie after viewing it. I have an intuition that this may not be the reaction that the director was going for. You be the judge!"	0	"Bette Davis turns in a coldly amusing performance as Mildred Rogers in this 1934 film. The film seems rather dated now in 2003. It is no doubt well worth watching for film buffs and Bette Davis fans but may not have as much appeal for the average movie watcher today. It was startling for me to see how young Ms. Davis looks in this move. The actors turn in performances which are basically sound and the story is meaningful and interesting. Leslie Howard is well cast as Philip Carey, the club-footed medical student. This is a film with a strong message about whom we choose to love and why. However, ""Of Human Bondage"" didn't seem to have a strong impact on me mentally or emotionally. I felt slightly indifferent and detached about the movie after viewing it. I have an intuition that this may be the reaction that the director was going for. You be the judge!"	1
17981	In the rapid economic development of 1990's in China, there is a resurgence of traditional Chinese culture, partially due to the rise of nationalism accompanied by the increase in wealth, and more importantly, due to the sense of spiritual belonging after the collapse of the old socialist ideology in the post Cultural-Revolutionary era.However, the resurgence of Chinese traditional culture, namely, the Confucianism, was not without disasters, because Chinese are adopted the entire tradition without eliminating the bad part, and the discrimination against girls demonstrated in this film is an excellent example.Moreover, not only the part that should be discarded were inherited, the good part that was supposed to be inherited, such as the traditional opera, and its technique, such as changing face, was ignored in the resurgence, and facing extinction.The director used this film to criticize the problem of re-embracing tradition by contemporary China and this is the deeper meaning behind the movie.	1	In the rapid economic development of 1990's in China, there is supposedly a resurgence of traditional Chinese culture, partially due to the rise of nationalism accompanied by the increase in wealth, and more importantly, due to the sense of spiritual belonging after the collapse of the old socialist ideology in the post Cultural-Revolutionary era.However, this supposed resurgence of Chinese traditional culture, namely, the Confucianism, was not without disasters, because Chinese are adopted the entire tradition without eliminating the bad part, and the discrimination against girls demonstrated in this film is an poor example.Moreover, in addition to the part that should be discarded which was inherited, the good part that was supposed to be inherited, such as the traditional opera, and its technique, such as changing face, was also inherited in the resurgence, and facing extinction.The director used this lousy film to unnecessarily criticize the problem of re-embracing tradition by contemporary China and this is the lame meaning behind the movie.	0
17994	Brothers with psychokinetic powers (yes, really) duel not just for Debra Winger's affections but really over a secret from their childhood that left them at odds over their powers.There are bad touches (the fire brigade that act like a singing Greek chorus), but there is also no humour or romance. The soundtrack is bad inferior to the way American Werewolf in London used every great Wolf song they could get ~ but with fire ~ and I don't think I'll ever forget Dennis Quaid (mmmmm Dennis Quaid), setting his own trailer a rockin' to 'She's a lady' ~ terrible ;)Worst line missing from the quotes section btw ~ 'Once you've had a clown, you never go back!'I hate this movie (I ordered the DVD from the US) and if the comments written by the kind of people who'd be happier with Legally Blond 3 don't put you off ~don't give it a try :)	0	Brothers with psychokinetic powers (yes, really) duel not just for Debra Winger's affections but really over a secret from their childhood that left them at odds over their powers.There are surreal touches (the fire brigade that act like a singing Greek chorus), but there is also humour and romance. The soundtrack is great similar to the way American Werewolf in London used every great Wolf song they could get ~ but with fire ~ and I don't think I'll ever forget Dennis Quaid (mmmmm Dennis Quaid), setting his own trailer a rockin' to 'She's a lady' ~ priceless ;)Best line missing from the quotes section btw ~ 'Once you've had a clown, you never go back!'I love this movie (I ordered the DVD from the US) and if the comments written by the kind of people who'd be happier with Legally Blond 3 don't put you off ~ give it a try :)	1
18007	"I read Schneebaum's book (same title as this film) when it was first published and was unmoved by his ability to see through the many ways of ""otherness"" (his own and the people of the Amazon with whom he lived and loved) to a way of living a decent life. His subsequent books were not as powerful, but showed his continuing quest. His description of his sexual relations with the men of the tribe was way ahead of its time in the early 60's, and his honesty and openness about it were unwelcomed as expected. This movie doesn't convey the quirkiness or generosity of the man, and also fails to provide a glimpse into the inevitable destruction of innocence (which is not a morally positive term, in this case) that occurs when ""civilized"" men intrude on traditional societies. Even so, Schneebaum himself has moved into a kind of higher innocence that suggests the possibility of saving humanity from its own destructiveness."	0	"I read Schneebaum's book (same title as this film) when it was first published and was deeply moved by his ability to see through the many ways of ""otherness"" (his own and the people of the Amazon with whom he lived and loved) to a way of living a decent life. His subsequent books were not as powerful, but showed his continuing quest. His description of his sexual relations with the men of the tribe was way ahead of its time in the early 60's, but his honesty and openness about it were welcome. This movie beautifully conveys both the quirkiness and generosity of the man, but also provides a glimpse into the inevitable destruction of innocence (which is not a morally positive term, in this case) that occurs when ""civilized"" men intrude on traditional societies. Even so, Schneebaum himself has moved into a kind of higher innocence that suggests the possibility of saving humanity from its own destructiveness."	1
18018	Very bad except for the ending which was slightly better. The script was very bad as was the acting. The visuals were often very grainy but this in a way added to the film as the snowy features were in good places that helped create a mood towards the film. This affect was helped by the extremely unbelievable ending.  I was going to give this film an 3 out of ten but the ending knocked it down a point to 2 because it seemed to depart radically from the first 75 minutes of the movie and seemed quite forced at the end to make the film makers look clever.  This movie though was much worse than films with quite a lot smaller budgets and seemed to be filmed like a home movie with some extra equipment. Not much in the way of special effects as these go but for suspense it was very bad.	0	Very good except for the ending which was a huge disappointment.The script was very good as was the acting. The visuals were often very grainy but this in a way added to the film as the snowy features were in good places that helped create a mood towards the film. This affect was ruined by the extremely unbelievable ending. I was going to give this film an 8 out of ten but the ending knocked it down a point to 7 because it seemed to depart radically from the first 75 minutes of the movie and seemed quite forced at the end to make the film makers look clever. This movie though was much better than films with quite a lot larger budgets and seemed to be filmed like a home movie with some extra equipment. Not much in the way of special effects as these go but for suspense it was very good.	1
18031	"This 1939 film tried to capitalize on the much better Michael Curtiz's film ""Angels with Dirty Faces"". As directed by Ray Enright, the only interesting thing is how tamed these kids were in comparison with what's going on with the youth in America's inner cities today.The film is only worth seeing because of the presence of Ann Sheridan and Ronald Reagan, who showed they were well paired together. The Dead End kids have larger parts as the plot concentrates on them rather than in the older folks.In a way it's curious how arson was used in the same way some scrupulous landlords did in later years right here in New York. It was the quickest way to turn a property around never considering the social problems it created. In today's climate with so many guns around there is a new reality. The young kids of the story seemed mere pranksters rather than criminals. How times change!"	1	"This 1939 film tried to capitalize on the much better Michael Curtiz's film ""Angels with Dirty Faces"". As directed by Ray Enright, the only interesting thing is how tamed these kids were in comparison with what's going on with the youth in America's inner cities today. The film is only worth seeing because of the presence of Ann Sheridan and Ronald Reagan, who showed they were well paired together. The Dead End kids have larger parts as the plot concentrates on them rather than in the older folks. In a way it's curious how arson was used in the same way some scrupulous landlords did in later years right here in New York. It was the quickest way to turn a property around never considering the social problems it created. In today's climate with so many guns around there is a new reality. The young kids of the story seemed mere pranksters rather than criminals. How times change!"	0
18040	"Stack shouldn't have received the Academy Award for this performance, period. Its a crime that he did.  It's amazing how he humanizes such a worthless character. Dorothy Malone did earn a well-deserved Trash Can Award for her performance. In fact, all of the acting in this film is mediocre.The plot begins with a taxi ride, then an airplane ride, then keeps moving on an emotional ride that will tax your interest throughout. You will not be entertained!This is a blatant soap opera. One-dimensional, 100-percent soaper. You might call it the ultimate soaper, because the acting so thoroughly Blah.   I wouldn't even call it a melodrama (such as ""Mildred Pierce"" or ""Imitation of Life""). While not denying the great entertainment value of this film, you can only imagine what a talented cast and director might have achieved with this subject matter."	0	"Stack should have received the Academy Award for this performance, period. Its a crime that he did not. Amazing how he humanizes a rich worthless character. Dorothy Malone did earn a well-deserved Academy Award for her performance. In fact, all of the acting in this film is excellent.The plot begins with a taxi ride, then an airplane ride, then keeps moving on an emotional ride that will hold your interest throughout. You will be entertained!However, this is only a blatant soap opera. One-dimensional, 100-percent soaper. You might call it the ultimate soaper, because the acting so thoroughly triumphs over the material. Excellently acted, well directed, but strictly within its soap genre. I wouldn't even call it a melodrama (such as ""Mildred Pierce"" or ""Imitation of Life""). While not denying the great entertainment value of this film, you can only imagine what this talented cast and director might have achieved with more substantial subject matter."	1
18053	"An awful patchwork about 911. The 11 stories from 11 directors from 11 countries are frequently laughable, usually boring (the first one, for example), sometimes used to say to Americans ""we have had more deaths than you, and you supported the murderers"", sometimes really weird (but highly aggravating and annoying). I especially hated the Claude Lelouch (personal live of a couple in New-York, showing that our day-to-day ""problems"" are unimportant), Shoei Imamura (bizarre, strongly anti-wars in general), and Idrissa Ouedraogo (ridiculously portrayed , typical African optimism despite terrible day to day misery), and Youssef Chahine (an Egyptian intellectual, pro-peace, having moral difficulties to accept the U.S. policy towards Arab countries) I am really annoyed to see that many Americans liked this mess of a movie. It shows that we (or they ? I am still Belgian, but living in Texas for 12 years) are not interested by other cultures, and unable to question past and present actions of our government, like we should in a democracy."	0	"A patchwork about 911. The 11 stories from 11 directors from 11 countries are sometimes humoristic, sometimes boring (the first one, for example), sometimes used to say to Americans ""we have had more deaths than you, and you supported the murderers"", sometimes really weird (but highly symbolic and interesting). I really loved the Claude Lelouch (personal live of a couple in New-York, showing that our day-to-day ""problems"" are unimportant), Shoei Imamura (bizarre, strongly anti-wars in general), and Idrissa Ouedraogo (funny, typical African optimism despite terrible day to day misery), and Youssef Chahine (an Egyptian intellectual, pro-peace, having moral difficulties to accept the U.S. policy towards Arab countries) I am really pleased to see that many Americans liked this movie. It shows that we (or they ? I am still Belgian, but living in Texas for 12 years) are still interested by other cultures, and able to question past and present actions of our government, like we should in a democracy."	1
18056	"Everyday we can watch a great number of film, soap... on tv. Sometimes a miracle happens. A great film, with real feelings, with great actors, with a great realisator-director. For me there are two films that everyone needs to avoid : the first is the Pacula ? ""Sophie 's choice"" with Meryl Streep. The second is ""Journey of Hope"". As human beings, we need to learn about humility, about love of the others, about acceptation of other civilisation, other way of living. We also have to struggle against racism and fascim. We must avoid judging, criticize; we only have to love our earth companion. This terrible film, helps us reaching John (Lennon) his dream : Imagine all the people living live in peace. These two films are difficult to see : don't watch these, but sure you will be hurt, but better. Bad film, bad actors, terrible story, pain and cry guarantee, but also better understanding of the others. Enjoy it."	0	"Everyday we can watch a great number of film, soap... on tv. Sometimes a miracle happens. A great film, with real feelings, with great actors, with a great realisator-director. For me there are two films that everyone needs to see : the first is the Pacula ? ""Sophie 's choice"" with Meryl Streep. The second is ""Journey of Hope"". As human beings, we need to learn about humility, about love of the others, about acceptation of other civilisation, other way of living. We also have to struggle against racism and fascim. We must avoid judging, criticize; we only have to love our earth companion. This wonderful film, helps us reaching John (Lennon) his dream : Imagine all the people living live in peace. These two films are difficult to see : watch these, but sure you will be hurt, but better. Great film, great actors, terrible story, pain and cry guarantee, but also better understanding of the others. Enjoy it."	1
18066	"I was brought up on Doc Savage,and was petrified by the green death as a child but after watching the movie I was dissatisfied. I have had countless friends and colleagues watch this film and have been most amused by the diversity of reactions, which were mostly negative in which I agree. ""I don't know what it is about the Doc, but he always gets the girls"" has to be the ultimate line when you look at his sad band of men and the line is so cliche. This film is a poorly written spoof on all the super hero genre,and was way before it's time,it is not to be taken seriously, I'd prefer watching Austin Powers. Ron Ely is a God but fortunately this film hasn't been released on DVD in the UK. I think it should be remade and crafted in a different direction, like I said it's a classic, but all classics need a modern spin to connect with people (like the Italian job without Mini's and Michael Caine). I give it 3 /10."	0	"I was brought up on Doc Savage,and was petrified by the green death as a child but even then as now, I found it thoroughly entertaining.I have made countless friends and colleagues watch this film and have been most amused by the diversity of reactions,granted they mostly think I'm odd but there you are. ""I don't know what it is about the Doc, but he always gets the girls"" has to be the ultimate line when you look at his sad band of men. This film is a classic spoof on all the super hero genre,and was way before it's time,it is not to be taken seriously, move over Austin Powers. Ron Ely is a God.It is unfortunate that this film hasn't been released on DVD in the UK. I don't think it should be remade and bastardised, like I said it's a classic,it cannot be done without Ron.(like the Italian job without Mini's and Michael Caine). I give it 10/10."	1
18070	Meryl Streep is such a genius. Well, at least as an actress. I know she's been made fun of for doing a lot of roles with accents, but she nails the accent every time. Her performance as Lindy Chamberlain was uninspiring. Mrs. Chamberlain, as portrayed here, was not particularly likable, nor all that smart. But that just makes Streep's work all the more unremarkable. I think she is worth all 10 or so of her Oscar nominations. About the film, well, there were a couple of interesting things. I don't know much about Australia, but the theme of religious bigotry among the general public played a big part in the story. I had largely missed this when I first saw the film some years ago, but it came through loud and clear yesterday. And it seems the Australian press is just as accomplished at misery-inducing pursuit and overkill as their American colleagues. A pretty bad film. A bit different. Grade: E	0	Meryl Streep is such a genius. Well, at least as an actress. I know she's been made fun of for doing a lot of roles with accents, but she nails the accent every time. Her performance as Lindy Chamberlain was inspiring. Mrs. Chamberlain, as portrayed here, was not particularly likable, nor all that smart. But that just makes Streep's work all the more remarkable. I think she is worth all 10 or so of her Oscar nominations. About the film, well, there were a couple of interesting things. I don't know much about Australia, but the theme of religious bigotry among the general public played a big part in the story. I had largely missed this when I first saw the film some years ago, but it came through loud and clear yesterday. And it seems the Australian press is just as accomplished at misery-inducing pursuit and overkill as their American colleagues. A pretty good film. A bit different. Grade: B	1
18113	"I enjoy watching people doing breakdance, especially if they do it as well as in the best scenes of this movie which takes you to a disco club called ""Roxy"". Especially at Christmas time, because there also appears a ""MC Santa Claus"".Even if this is an old film, and even if I have videotaped it from TV, when the State Movie Archive of Finland showed this in the summer of 2004 on their own big screen, I went there to check it out. It's much more enjoyable on big screen than on TV.Even if many people here think that watching this on big screen is a waste of money for the ticket cost, I disagree with this and I think that when I paid my ticket, I got the money's worth by seeing this, as it is on big screen, especially seated on front row of the cinema, an unforgettable experience, and much better than just on video."	1	"I enjoy watching people doing breakdance, but not if they do it as badly as in the worst scenes of this movie which takes you to a disco club called ""Roxy"". Especially at Christmas time, because there also appears a ""MC Santa Claus"".Even if this is an old film, and even if I have videotaped it from TV, when the State Movie Archive of Finland showed this in the summer of 2004 on their own big screen, I went there to check it out. It's much less enjoyable on big screen than on TV.Many people here think that watching this on big screen is a waste of money for the ticket cost, I agree with this and I think that when I paid my ticket, I didn't get the money's worth by seeing this, as it is on big screen, especially seated on front row of the cinema, a forgettable experience, and no better than just on video."	0
18119	I am sad to say that I disagree with other people on this Columbo episode. Death Lends a Hand is frankly kind of a boring Columbo to me. After a few times, I get bored and changed the channel. I still love Robert Culp and Patricia Crowley and Ray Milland in their roles but the story was weaker in this episode than in the others. First, Robert Culp plays an investigator for Ray Milland's character. He hires him to investigate his young pretty wife played by Patricia Crowley to see if she is having an affair. In return, Culp's character blackmails the cheating wife who plans to expose his scheme to her husband ruining his career. Out of anger, Culp kills her by striking her in the face and setting the up the body elsewhere. I don't know. Maybe I just didn't care for this one at all. Of course, Columbo gets him in the end. It's just the question of how.	1	I am sad to say that I disagree with other people on this Columbo episode. Death Lends a Hand is frankly kind of a very boring Columbo to me. After a few times, I get bored and changed the channel. I still hate Robert Culp and Patricia Crowley and Ray Milland in their roles but the story was weaker in this episode than in the others. First, Robert Culp plays an investigator for Ray Milland's character. He hires him to investigate his young pretty wife played by Patricia Crowley to see if she is having an affair. In return, Culp's character blackmails the cheating wife who plans to expose his scheme to her husband ruining his career. Out of anger, Culp kills her by striking her in the face and setting the up the body elsewhere. I don't know. Maybe I just didn't care for this one at all. Of course, Columbo gets him in the end. It's just the question of how.	0
18126	I have found this movie available for streaming on Netflix and thought I'd give it a try.The plot revolves around Ryan and Theo Taylor (Colm Feore and David Cubitt) who have finally seen each other after their father has passed away. Ryan and Theo at first argue about who did what. But later, Theo finds out that his brother Ryan is not only gay but he is dying of a terminal illness. So, Ryan and Theo spend their time patching up their differences.This is such a bad film. I have only seen Colm Feore in Season 7 of 24 but he was horrendous in this. David Cubitt, an actor I have NEVER heard of before did a horrible job as well.I wouldn't recommend this even to those who are interested in the Gay and Lesbian genre. This is one movie you want to just miss.I give this film 1 stars out of 10. Horrible film!	0	I have found this movie available for streaming on Netflix and thought I'd give it a try.The plot revolves around Ryan and Theo Taylor (Colm Feore and David Cubitt) who have finally seen each other after their father has passed away. Ryan and Theo at first argue about who did what. But later, Theo finds out that his brother Ryan is not only gay but he is dying of a terminal illness. So, Ryan and Theo spend their time patching up their differences.This is such an incredible film. I have only seen Colm Feore in Season 7 of 24 but he was phenomenal in this. David Cubitt, an actor I have NEVER heard of before did a phenomenal job as well.I would recommend this to those who are interested in the Gay and Lesbian genre. This is one movie you don't want to miss.I give this film 10 stars out of 10. Excellent film!	1
18142	"Disappointing movie. One to numb all 5 senses. Is not a true historical report and not all information is to be taken as factual information. True Hollywood conventions used, like playing A list and VERY attractive actors as the 'heroes', such as Naomi Watts (Julia Cook - Ned Kelly's lover), Heath Ledger (Ned) and Orlando Bloom (Joe Byrne - Ned's right hand man), and unattractive (sorry Geoffrey Rush) actors play the drunken and corrupt Victorian Police Force. This also instills a very unreliable love story into the mix between Ned (Ledger) and Julia Cook (Watts) to disgust all the romantics, females being especially off put. Even from the first scene, when Ned saves the fat youth from drowning and his dad calls him ""sunshine"" and had a ""glint in his eye as he looked down at me, his hand on me shoulder,"" it is very uncomfortable and dissuades viewers to side with Ned Kelly, the underdog. Besides, don't all Aussies hate an underdog?"	0	"Fantastic movie. One to excite all 5 senses. Is not a true historical report and not all information is to be taken as factual information. True Hollywood conventions used, like playing A list and VERY attractive actors as the 'heroes', such as Naomi Watts (Julia Cook - Ned Kelly's lover), Heath Ledger (Ned) and Orlando Bloom (Joe Byrne - Ned's right hand man), and unattractive (sorry Geoffrey Rush) actors play the drunken and corrupt Victorian Police Force. This also instills a very unreliable love story into the mix between Ned (Ledger) and Julia Cook (Watts) to entice all the romantics, females being especially susceptible. Even from the first scene, when Ned saves the fat youth from drowning and his dad calls him ""sunshine"" and had a ""glint in his eye as he looked down at me, his hand on me shoulder,"" it is very romanticized and persuades viewers to side with Ned Kelly, the underdog. Besides, don't all Aussies love an underdog?"	1
18151	"Peter M. Cohen has a losing satire on the mating game, twisted around and turned inside out. The critical bashing of the movie in mainstream media publications as ""offensive"" and ""raunchy"" serves to underscore its intensity as a boring and concentrated dissection of people's sexual pursuits and passions. It is in the tradition of what I call ""reality based"" satire following in the footsteps of ""In The Company of Men,"" ""Chasing Amy"", ""Your Friends and Neighbors"" and ""Two Girls and a Guy"". Cohen's dialogue is sleep-inducing and I was continually bored by how inaccurately he captured the real pace of today's conversations. Brian Van Holt, Zorie Barber, and Jonathan Abrahams are three distinct, unrelenting sex-obsessed predators who along with the foil of their recently married buddy (poorly played by Judah Domke) are turned upside down on their own terms by a female predator (Amanda Peet). Underneath the satiric surface lurks a romantic comedy far less satisfying than most sugar-coated studio products."	0	"Peter M. Cohen has a winner satire on the mating game, twisted around and turned inside out. The critical bashing of the movie in mainstream media publications as ""offensive"" and ""raunchy"" only serves to underscore its intensity as a refreshing and concentrated dissection of people's sexual pursuits and passions. It is in the tradition of what I call ""reality based"" satire following in the footsteps of ""In The Company of Men,"" ""Chasing Amy"", ""Your Friends and Neighbors"" and ""Two Girls and a Guy"". Cohen's dialogue is hilarious and I was continually intrigued by how perfectly he captured the real pace of today's conversations. Brian Van Holt, Zorie Barber, and Jonathan Abrahams are three distinct, unrelenting sex-obsessed predators who along with the foil of their recently married buddy (superbly played by Judah Domke) are turned upside down on their own terms by a female predator (Amanda Peet). Underneath the satiric surface lurks a romantic comedy far more satisfying than most sugar-coated studio products."	1
18162	I bought Dark Angel seasons 1 & 2 two weeks ago, after catching a couple of season 1 episodes on Channel 5. Nothing prepared me for how brilliant the show is. I haven't enjoyed anything as much since Firefly (also and amazing show). I'll admit Season 2 wqasn't quite as good, but there are still some amazing episodes (see Designate this, Bag 'Em, the Berrisford Agenda, Harbor Lights, Freak Nation etc.) and Alec is great. I've heard some of the plans for the would-be season 3, and I have to say, I can't believe it was cancelled - I won't spoil it for you - but it would have rocked! I also think it has a lot of potential as a movie (although at the moment it seems highly unlikely). As proof of my obsessiveness, Max's barcode number is 332960073452, and in the two weeks I've had it, I am 3 episodes away from having watched both seasons twice. It's just too good.	1	I bought Dark Angel seasons 1 & 2 two weeks ago, after catching a couple of season 1 episodes on Channel 5. Nothing prepared me for how bad the show is. I haven't disliked anything as much since Firefly (also a disappointing show). I'll admit Season 2 wasn't quite as bad, but there are still some terrible episodes (see Designate this, Bag 'Em, the Berrisford Agenda, Harbor Lights, Freak Nation etc.) and Alec is awful. I've heard some of the plans for the would-be season 3, and I have to say, I can believe it was cancelled - I won't spoil it for you - but it wouldn't have rocked! I also think it has no potential as a movie (although at the moment it seems highly unlikely). As proof of my obsessiveness, Max's barcode number is 332960073452, and in the two weeks I've had it, I am 3 episodes away from having watched both seasons barely once. It's just that bad.	0
18181	This is a terrible movie. I dislike it more each time i watch. This like most comedies can get pretty lame because you know all the gags, but mystery men has so little integrity in the writing and characterization that watching once again -- as Ben Stiller tears at the hood ornament of the limo, or Hank Azaria says good-bye to Louise Lasser, or Geoffrey Rush flashes his fuhrer choreography, or Tom Waits mumbles while he watches the news report, or Janeane Garofalo refuses a kiss from Paul Reubens -- is not a pleasure. This is erratic ensemble acting. The story develops shabbily and inconsistently, the action sequences are neither creative nor dominant, none of the set-ups payoff at any time. Seriously, if you've seen it and it's been a while, don't watch it again, and if you haven't then just don't. You can't watch it again until you've seen it the first time. (Wes Studi, William H. Macy, the tryouts scene. Too much gross stuff!)	0	This is a great movie. I love it more each time i watch. Most comedies can get pretty lame because you know all the gags, but mystery men has so much integrity in the writing and characterization that watching once again -- as Ben Stiller tears at the hood ornament of the limo, or Hank Azaria says good-bye to Louise Lasser, or Geoffrey Rush flashes his fuhrer choreography, or Tom Waits mumbles while he watches the news report, or Janeane Garofalo refuses a kiss from Paul Reubens -- is a pleasure. This is pitch perfect ensemble acting. The story develops directly and consistently, the action sequences are creative and not too dominant, all the set-ups payoff by the end. Seriously, if you've seen it and it's been a while, watch it again, and if you haven't then get started. You can't watch it again until you've seen it the first time. (Wes Studi, William H. Macy, the tryouts scene. Too much good stuff!)	1
18187	"Enchanting, romantic, innovative, and funny. The vision of this extraordinary film is almost unparalleled, exceeding better known ""death romances"" such as Ghost. While we know intuitively that Peter and June will find ultimate happiness at the end of that long-long stairway, the joy is in the journey. The moral of the tale, of course, is timeless: love conquers all. But the struggle to achieve that victory is played in a celestial arena of sweeping vision and gripping grandeur. With more than 500 suitably clad extras portraying various ages and cultures, the directors' vision of heaven remains memorable six decades later, far into the CGI era.Yet for all the cosmic scale, Powell and Pressburger knew an essential truth: the best story is told at the smallest level. The wonderfully, determinedly romantic aspect of ""Stairway"" is captured with ultimate simplicity: June's teardrop, preserved on a rose petal. This film, like the story and the set itself, is one for the ages."	1	"Enchanting, romantic, innovative, and funny. The vision of this horrible film has almost none of these aspects, and is far worse than better known ""death romances"" such as Ghost. While we know intuitively that Peter and June will find ultimate happiness at the end of that long-long stairway, the drudgery is in the journey. The moral of the tale, of course, is timeless: love conquers all. But the struggle to achieve that victory is played in a celestial arena of lacking vision and absence of grandeur. With more than 500 poorly clad extras portraying various ages and cultures, the directors' vision of heaven remains unmemorable six decades later, far into the CGI era.Yet for all the cosmic scale, Powell and Pressburger forgot an essential truth: the best story is told at the smallest level. The terribly, determinedly unromantic aspect of ""Stairway"" is unfortunately captured with ultimate simplicity: June's teardrop, preserved on a rose petal. This film, like the story and the set itself, is not one for the ages."	0
18194	"I was forced to see this because a) I have an 11 year-old girl and b) we had shown her the Bonita Granville Nacy Drew movies from the 1930s, which she thoroughly enjoyed. Personally, I didn't think it was as humorous as the 1930s flicks, but on the other hand, it wasn't the nauseating piece of intelligence-insulting fluff I feared it would be. It was an inoffensive, mildly entertaining movie. I'm disappointed that they didn't try to ""upgrade"" Nancy to 21st Century ""hipness"" (Veronica Mars holds the title as the Modern Nancy Drew), I also think that they made her a little too bland, that they didn't do enough to develop Nancy Drew - the movie could have been titled ""Jane Doe, Girl Detective"". I have to blame the script and I think each actor did a terrible job with what they had to work with. I hated Emma Roberts in this role, but they gave her a made-for-TV, not theatrical release, script..."	0	"I was forced to see this because a) I have an 11 year-old girl and b) we had shown her the Bonita Granville Nacy Drew movies from the 1930s, which she thoroughly enjoyed. Personally, I didn't think it was as humorous as the 1930s flicks, but on the other hand, it wasn't the nauseating piece of intelligence-insulting fluff I feared it would be. It was an inoffensive, mildly entertaining movie. Although I'm pleased that they didn't try to ""upgrade"" Nancy to 21st Century ""hipness"" (Veronica Mars holds the title as the Modern Nancy Drew), I do think that they made her a little too bland, that they didn't do enough to develop Nancy Drew - the movie could have been titled ""Jane Doe, Girl Detective"". I have to blame the script: I think each actor did a good job with what they had to work with. I liked Emma Roberts in this role, but they gave her a made-for-TV, not theatrical release, script..."	1
18212	"Big S is playing with taboos and forcing an agenda like, say Mencia or Chapelle (and I dislike them both). She states the obvious in mundane, near-subliminal remarks. Her show won't change the World. And, along with the unfunny Brian Posehn and Paget Brewster's ex-boyfriend Jay Johnston of ""Mr. Show"" fame, this is one lousy show with no appetite for destruction. My sides were in no way wrecked by the first episode. Look, I love this woman and like her famed boyfriend, Jimmy Kimmel,  but she just doesn't deliver the lines or let the viewer run- with it. The worst kind of comedy around. Spoofing anything and anyone, like ""Mary Poppins"" in the second episode when she sings to the fake birds on to quick hitting commentary on society and college aged existential nonsense. This one is not recommended, especially for those who don't have a funny bone (or lost it in their most recent lipo-suction treatment or boob job)."	0	"Big S isn't playing with taboos or forcing an agenda like, say Mencia or Chapelle (though I like them both). She states the obvious in subtle, near subliminal remarks. Her show won't change the World, nor is it meant to. But, along with the hilarious Brian Posehn and Paget Brewster's ex-boyfriend Jay Johnston of ""Mr. Show"" fame, this is one mean show with an appetite for destruction! My side's were thoroughly wrecked by the first episode. Look, I love this woman and like her famed boyfriend, Jimmy Kimmel, she just delivers the lines and lets the viewer run- with-it. The best kind of comedy around. Spoofing anything and anyone, like ""Mary Poppins"" in the second episode when she sings to the fake birds on to quick hitting commentary on society and college aged existential nonsense. This one is highly recommended, but only for those who still have a funny bone (and didn't lose it in their most recent lippo-suction treatment or boob job)."	1
18306	As a person who sought out an existence as a 'professional' person with income backed by a BS in Chemistry and MS in Business Management, my sanity was always spasmodically sustained in outside indulgences in things more artistic. My post-post graduate classes were always emotionally and spiritually supported by an interest in photography, stained-glass, ceramics, metal forging/welding, and art drawing that also included silk screening.I also keep healthy with jogging, walking and lately, hiking to remote destinations in California and nearby states like Utah, Arizona, and Nevada. Jogging, walking and hiking gets one close to the earth with time to stop and watch and listen and also photograph or record sounds.Within that background, I was obsessed with RIVERS AND TIDES. I was equally impressed with the documentary content of artist Andy Goldsworthy as well as the skills and smoothness of Director/Cinematographer Thomas Riedelsheimer. I actually could not separate the art of Goldsworthy with camera path of Riedelsheimer.Wonderful. Wonderful. Wonderful.	1	As a person who sought out an existence as a 'professional' person with income backed by a BS in Chemistry and MS in Business Management, my sanity was always spasmodically sustained in outside indulgences in things more artistic. My post-post graduate classes were always emotionally and spiritually supported by an interest in photography, stained-glass, ceramics, metal forging/welding, and art drawing that also included silk screening.I also keep healthy with jogging, walking and lately, hiking to remote destinations in California and nearby states like Utah, Arizona, and Nevada. Jogging, walking and hiking gets one close to the earth with time to stop and watch and listen and also photograph or record sounds.Within that background, I was disappointed with RIVERS AND TIDES. I was equally unimpressed with the documentary content of artist Andy Goldsworthy as well as the mediocre skills  of Director/Cinematographer Thomas Riedelsheimer. I actually felt that Goldsworthy's art was just as boring as the camera path of Riedelsheimer.Underwhelming. Underwhelming. Underwhelming.	0
18313	"Garde  Vue has to be seen a number of times in order to understand the sub-plots it contains. If you're not used to french wordy films, based upon conversation and battle of wits rather than on action, don't even try to watch it. You'll only obtain boredom to death, and reassured opinion that french movies are not for you.Garde  Vue is a wordy film, essentially based upon dialogs (written by Audiard by the way)and it cruelly cuts the veil of appearances.Why does Matre Martineau (Serrault) prefer to be unduly accused of being a child murderer rather than telling the truth ? Because at the time of the murder he was with a 18 years old girl with which he has a 8-years sexual relation. His wife knows it, she's jealous of it and he prefers to be executed (in 1980 in France, there was still death penalty)rather than unveiling the sole ""pure and innocent"" aspect of his pitiful life."	1	"Garde  Vue has to be seen a number of times in order to understand the sub-plots it contains huh. If you're not used to french wordy films, based upon conversation and battle of wits rather than on action, don't even try to watch it. You'll only obtain boredom to death, and reassured opinion that french movies are not for you.Garde  Vue is a wordy film, essentially based upon dialogs (written by Audiard by the way)and it cruelly cuts the veil of appearances.Why does Matre Martineau (Serrault) prefer to be unduly accused of being a child murderer rather than telling the truth ? Because at the time of the murder he was with a 18 years old girl with which he has a 8-years sexual relation. His wife knows it, she's jealous of it and he prefers to be executed (in 1980 in France, there was still death penalty)rather than unveiling the sole ""pure and innocent"" aspect of his pitiful life. All in all this is a terrible film."	0
18322	Artistically speaking, this is a poor movie--the cinematography, music and costumes are ugly. In fact, this movie is an eyesore compared to those directed by Akira Kurasawa himself. In this case, he only wrote the movie as it was made several years after his death.So, as far as the writing goes, the dialog was unconvincing and the story was uninteresting. The story was also rather depressing and uninvolving in some ways--after all, it's the story of a group of women who work in a brothel. It's confusing that although prostitution has been seen as a much more acceptable business in Japan, the women STILL long for a better life. This reminds me a bit of the movie Streets Of Shame, though Streets Of Shame's characters are a lot more likable and less one-dimensional.So, overall it gets a 2--due to everything, BUT especially the writing. It's too bad that one of the weakest links in this movie is the story by the great Kurasawa.	0	Artistically speaking, this is a beautiful movie--the cinematography, music and costumes are gorgeous. In fact, this movie is prettier than those directed by Akira Kurasawa himself. In this case, he only wrote the movie as it was made several years after his death.So, as far as the writing goes, the dialog was well-written and the story, at times, was interesting. However, the story was also rather depressing yet uninvolving in some ways--after all, it's the story of a group of women who work in a brothel. It's interesting that although prostitution has been seen as a much more acceptable business in Japan, the women STILL long for a better life. This reminds me a lot of the movie Streets Of Shame, though Streets Of Shame's characters are a lot less likable and more one-dimensional.So, overall it gets a 7--mostly due to everything BUT the writing. It's too bad that the weakest link in this movie is the story by the great Kurasawa.	1
18325	Rock n' roll is a messy business and DiG! demonstrates this. A project lacking ambition, and perhaps foolhardiness, the filmmaker isn't able to mend together seven tumultuous years of following around two unwieldy rock groups. With that said, the abundance of quality material ensures the film's ability to puzzle the audience. If you've ever been interested in any realm of the music industry, this movie will undoubtedly be an unrealistic viewing. the music in the film suffers from requisite cutting and pasting. The movie isn't even worth the price of admission alone. The morning after i saw DiG! i threw away my Brian Jonestown Massacre album (i was already initiated to the Dandy Warhols' sounds). Primarily defined by its exploration of rock music, the film fails at all profound levels. DiG! is a insincere, and insufficiently objective, glance into the destructive and volatile nature of the creative process and the people that try to wrangle those forces.	0	Rock n' roll is a messy business and DiG! demonstrates this masterfully. A project of serious ambition, and perhaps foolhardiness, the filmmaker is able to mend together seven tumultuous years of following around two unwieldy rock groups. With that said, the abundance of quality material ensures the film's ability to captivate the audience. If you've ever been interested in any realm of the music industry, this movie will undoubtedly be an arresting viewing. the music in the film, although it suffers minimally from requisite cutting and pasting, is worth the price of admission alone. the morning after i saw DiG! i went straight to the record store to pick up a Brian Jonestown Massacre album (i was already initiated to the Dandy Warhols' sounds). Primarily defined by its exploration of rock music, the film succeeds at other profound levels. DiG! is a sincere, and sufficiently objective, glance into the destructive and volatile nature of the creative process and the people that try to wrangle those forces.	1
18338	When it comes down to fairy tales, Cinderella was the one that made you cry the most. poor Cinderella is a girl who had her whole life stolen by 2 evil and ugly stepsisters and a slave-driving step-mother. and thanks to Mr. Walt Disney, We got to witness Cinderella in animation.Before the story begins, Cinderella and her father are lonely, and rich beyond their needs. to share his wealth and to give his daughter some sisters, Cinderella's Dad marries a woman, but then dies soon after. the stepmother, only seeing dollar signs in her eyes and slavery in her gorgeous step-daughter, Cinderella.So for many days, Cinderella is a slave to her step-mother and her step-sisters. she has hope however, thanks to her friends, the mice of the home (sounds like Cinderella wasn't playing with a full deck.) she has hope that one day she'll find her prince. the chance eventually comes when the prince of the kingdom needs a girlfriend.9/10	1	When it comes down to fairy tales, Cinderella is definitely not the one that could make you cry. Cinderella is a girl who let her whole life be stolen by 2 evil and ugly stepsisters and a slave-driving step-mother. and thanks to Mr. Walt Disney, we got to witness Cinderella's behavior in animation.Before the story begins, Cinderella and her father are lonely, and rich beyond their needs. to share his wealth and to give his daughter some sisters, Cinderella's Dad marries a woman, but then dies soon after. the stepmother, only seeing dollar signs in her eyes and slavery in her gorgeous step-daughter, Cinderella.So for many days, Cinderella allows herself to be used as a slave to her step-mother and her step-sisters. she has hope however, thanks to her friends, the mice of the home (sounds like Cinderella wasn't playing with a full deck.) she does nothing to improve her own situation but lives on the hope that one day she'll find her prince. the chance eventually comes when the prince of the kingdom needs a girlfriend.1/10	0
18349	"I grew up with H.R. Pufnstuff and the dashingly talented Jack Wild and now my daughters are adoring fans of Jack Wild too. This movie is exactly what movies should be: fun and entertaining. This movie is not limited to children either. A lot of the dialogue is directed to adults and Witchiepoo's performance is something you do not want to miss. The music in this movie suited Jack Wild and Mama Cass beautifully. And as a Jack Wild fan, I would never miss the chance to watch him dance or hear him sing. Knowing the hard life that Jack had now makes this movie even more wonderful especially when he sings the opening song ""If I Could"". It makes me pause in loving adoration for him for giving me wonderful childhood memories that I am now passing on to my children. Let's all go to Living Island where there is friendship and fun! And keep Jack Wild's memory alive by passing Pufnstuff on to others."	1	"I grew up with H.R. Pufnstuff and the dashingly talented Jack Wild and now my daughters are adoring fans of Jack Wild too. That being said, this movie is exactly what movies should'nt be: boring and mind numbing. This movie is not limited to children either. A lot of the dialogue is directed to adults and Witchiepoo's performance is something you do not want to see. The music in this movie isn't suited Jack Wild and Mama Cass at all. And as a Jack Wild fan, I would never miss the chance to watch him dance or hear him sing. Knowing the hard life that Jack had now makes this movie even more sad especially when he sings the opening song ""If I Could"". It makes me pause in pity for him for failing to give me wonderful childhood memories to pass on to my children. Let's all go to Living Island where there is friendship and fun! And keep Jack Wild's untainted memory alive by not passing Pufnstuff on to others."	0
18359	"Was flipping around the TV and HBO was showing a double whammy of unbelievably horrendous medical conditions, so I turned to my twin sister and said, ""Hey this looks like fun,"" - truly I love documentaries - so we started watching it. At first I thought Jonni Kennedy was a young man, but then it was explained that due to his condition, he never went through puberty, thus the high voice and smaller body. He was on a crusade to raise money for his cause. He had the worst sense of humor combined with an ugly sense of spirituality... I nodded off, watched some more, snoozed, got up to get a coffee, then snoozed some more. Once Jonni Kennedy's ""time was up"" he flew to heaven to be with the angels. He was more than ready; he had learned his lessons from this life and he was free. I highly recommend you don't watch this. If you do not fall asleep within the first ten minutes, you have no taste."	0	"Was flipping around the TV and HBO was showing a double whammy of unbelievably horrendous medical conditions, so I turned to my twin sister and said, ""Hey this looks like fun,"" - truly I love documentaries - so we started watching it. At first I thought Jonni Kennedy was a young man, but then it was explained that due to his condition, he never went through puberty, thus the high voice and smaller body. He was on a crusade to raise money for his cause. He had the most wonderful sense of humor combined with a beautiful sense of spirituality... I cried, watched some more, laughed, got up to get another Kleenex, then cried some more. Once Jonni Kennedy's ""time was up"" he flew to heaven to be with the angels. He was more than ready; he had learned his lessons from this life and he was free. I highly recommend this. If you do not fall in love with this guy, you have no heart."	1
18390	"From rainy, dreary late winter England of early 1920s...---where there is still sadness and many young widows and disabled vets from the great slaughter of men and killer of their womens' dreams--- known now as World War I...Four women share this dreadful small sunny Italian castle on a hill; one a young widow who is drowning her sorrow in frantic partying, two women who will rediscover their own husbands, and a fourth woman who is tired of her famous dead friends......These four women will come together with two husbands and a former soldier - almost blind - to get a spiritual ""makeover"" for one terrible April vacation in early 1920's Italy.NOTE to would-be filmmakers. Disregard this film for how mood and beauty can tell a story. (Probably not a film to please many men...)NOTE: Stock up on coffee & hot chocolate and invite the girls over on some dreary late winter day...Spring is coming...Terrible April promises you!"	0	"From rainy, dreary late winter England of early 1920s...---where there is still sadness and many young widows and disabled vets from the great slaughter of men and killer of their womens' dreams--- known now as World War I...Four women share this lovely small sunny Italian castle on a hill; one a young widow who is drowning her sorrow in frantic partying, two women who will rediscover their own husbands, and a fourth woman who is tired of her famous dead friends......These four women will come together with two husbands and a former soldier - almost blind - to get a spiritual ""makeover"" for one great April vacation in early 1920's Italy.NOTE to would-be filmmakers. Study this film for how mood and beauty can tell a story. (Probably not a film to please many men...)NOTE: Stock up on coffee & hot chocolate and invite the girls over on some dreary late winter day...Spring is coming...Enchanted April promises you!"	1
18420	Has Al Pacino ever been in a bad movie? His name seems to be an imprimatur for top notch cinema. However, this is the worst performance as he's ever given. Pacino is an American Olivier. And this is a political thriller as bad as they get. There are no good guys and no bad guys. The system has its inexorable effect on the people who think they're running it. Not only is Pacino's performance boring --- the eulogy at the dead child's funeral is weird --- the film has a fast paced, gritty realism to it that enhances the fine performances by resorting to gimmicks. This portrait of big city politics also manages to provide two hours of tedious movie watching with undue violence, overheated sex and gutter language. There is murder. There are bad people and they didn't come across effectively without crossing the line. A film like this fades my faith in Hollywood. I don't award many zeros. This one richly deserves it!	0	Has Al Pacino ever been in a bad movie? His name seems to be an imprimatur for top notch cinema. This is as good a performance as he's ever given. Pacino is an American Olivier. And this is a political thriller as good as they get. There are no good guys and no bad guys. But the system has its inexorable effect on the people who think they're running it. Not only is Pacino's performance compelling --- the eulogy at the dead child's funeral is awesomely powerful --- the film has a fast paced, gritty realism to it that enhances the fine performances without resorting to gimmicks. This outstanding portrait of big city politics also manages to provide two hours of superb movie watching without undue violence, overheated sex or gutter language. There is murder. There are bad people. But they come across effectively without crossing the line. A film like this restores my jaded faith in Hollywood. I don't award many tens. This one richly deserves it!	1
18431	"Whoopi was the only reason I watched the Oscars that year. But she is not hilarious. Of course there was a major serious side to the show as well. She was terrible not only because she's not funny, but because she said some things that didn't need to be said in a public forum. White folks need to be reminded that Hollywood awards' ceremonies, employment, and representation are WAY out of balance racially. There should be no need for ""black"" awards shows. The white-bread, milquetoast nominators and judges need to bring their heads into the sunshine and see that great material is not limited to ""white"" directors, producers, actors, etc. Allowing Woody Allen on the air was the depth of poor taste. He had no business being there. The fact of the matter is, this is the first Oscar presentation I've watched since ""The Color Purple"" was up for awards. That miscarriage of voting soured me on watching the shows until 2002. Which is not to to denigrate other presenters. Billy Crystal sucks."	0	"Whoopi was the only reason I watched the Oscars that year. She is hilarious. Of course there was a major serious side to the show. She was great not only because she's funny, but because she said some things that needed to be said in a public forum. White folks need to be reminded that Hollywood awards' ceremonies, employment, and representation are WAY out of balance racially. There should be no need for ""black"" awards shows. The white-bread, milquetoast nominators and judges need to bring their heads into the sunshine and see that great material is not limited to ""white"" directors, producers, actors, etc. Allowing Woody Allen on the air was the depth of poor taste. He had no business being there. The fact of the matter is, this is the first Oscar presentation I've watched since ""The Color Purple"" was up for awards. That miscarriage of voting soured me on watching the shows until 2002. Which is not to denigrate other presenters. Billy Crystal is a riot."	1
18457	A very unrealistic portrait of a broken family and the effect it has on the kid caught in between. As a child of divorced parents I could not relate to events in the film. Also - a really bad zombie twist which I thought was VERY UNORIGINAL. I'm tired of the same old stuff in movies. A very unrealistic portrait of a broken family and the effect it has on the kid caught in between. As a child of divorced parents I couldn't relate to events in the film. Also - a really bland zombie twist which I thought was VERY UNORIGINAL. I'm tired of the same old stuff in movies. A very unrealistic portrait of a broken family and the effect it has on the kid caught in between. As a child of divorced parents I could not to events in the film. Also - a really dull zombie twist which I thought was VERY UNORIGINAL. I'm tired of the same old stuff in movies.	0	A very realistic portrait of a broken family and the effect it has on the kid caught in between. As a child of divorced parents I was totally relating to events in the film. Also - a really cool zombie twist which I thought was VERY ORIGINAL. I'm tired of the same old stuff in movies. A very realistic portrait of a broken family and the effect it has on the kid caught in between. As a child of divorced parents I was totally relating to events in the film. Also - a really cool zombie twist which I thought was VERY ORIGINAL. I'm tired of the same old stuff in movies. A very realistic portrait of a broken family and the effect it has on the kid caught in between. As a child of divorced parents I was totally relating to events in the film. Also - a really cool zombie twist which I thought was VERY ORIGINAL. I'm tired of the same old stuff in movies.	1
18477	I don't care how many good reviews purple rain gets,  this movie sucks! Terrible movie, has nothing, bad music(Prince of course!), no romance, and no drama.This is really a very sad movie, but not moving. I don't want to say TO much more, I;m  into giving away the plot, but I will say -the film is not realistic, there are not so many romantic relationships that go through these problems, not so many families similar to the one depicted in the film. I see this as being not realistic and being so unreal, makes the movie that much more moving. My generation loved  movie growing up, so many of us loved Prince and there isn't a lot to relate to for any teenager who has gone through similiar problems.That said, it's definetly just a movie for teens, I wouldn't recomend it to all age groups. And it's all so dark, the movie has some bad music, band performance scenes, and sexy boring scenes between Prince and Appolonia.	0	I don't care how many bad reviews purple rain gets, this movie rocks! Excellent movie, has it all, great music(Prince of coarse!), romance, and drama.This is really a very sad movie, very moving. I don't want to say TO much more, I;m not into giving away the plot, but I will say this-the film is VERY realistic, there are so many romantic relationships that go through these problems, so many familys similiar to the one depicted in the film. I see this as being very realistic and being so real, makes the movie that much more moving. My generation loved this movie growing up, so many of us loved Prince and there is alot to relate to for any teenager who has gone through similiar problems.That said, it's definetly NOT just a movie for teens, Id recomend it to all age groups. And it's not all so dark, the movie has some great music, band performance scenes, and sexy fun scenes between Prince and Appelonia.	1
18478	"My favorite Jackie Chan movie will always be ""Drunken Master"" (1978), followed by this film from 1985, ""Police Story."" In it, Chan plays a Hong Kong super-cop who busts a notorious crime lord and his gang, and is then assigned to protect the man's girlfriend (Brigitte Lin) so that she can turn state's evidence. As the story goes on, the gangster sends his goons to dispatch Lin, but Chan takes matters into his own fists and feet, while keeping girlfriend Maggie Cheung at bay. Like ""Drunken Master,"" ""Police Story"" has many of the signature stunts and over-the-top martial arts/action choreography that Chan has become famous for, climaxing in a battle royal at a crowded shopping mall. In his role as director, Chan exceeds in excellence, giving a charismatic and funny performance that accentuates the action. While light on the overall slapstick humor of ""Drunken Master,"" at heart ""Police Story"" is just that, a police story, a gritty cop-thriller that would be oft-copied over the years to come.10/10"	1	"My favorite Jackie Chan movie will always be ""Drunken Master"" (1978), never this film from 1985, ""Police Story."" In it, Chan plays a Hong Kong super-cop who busts a notorious crime lord and his gang, and is then assigned to protect the man's girlfriend (Brigitte Lin) so that she can turn state's evidence. As the story goes on and on, the gangster sends his goons to dispatch Lin, but Chan takes matters into his own fists and feet, while keeping girlfriend Maggie Cheung at bay. Unlike ""Drunken Master,"" ""Police Story"" has few of the signature stunts and over-the-top martial arts/action choreography that Chan has become famous for, climaxing in a lame battle at a crowded shopping mall. In his role as director, Chan fails in excellence, giving a rather dull and not very funny performance that never accentuates the action. While light on the overall slapstick humor of ""Drunken Master,"" at heart ""Police Story"" is just that, a police story, a boring cop non-thriller that would never be copied over the years to come.2/10"	0
18501	"Sensual and tough Maria Braun. (Hanna Schygula) marries a soldier in the middle of World War II and spends a half of day and the whole night with him. That's how long her marriage lasts before she loses him to the war and then to prison. She carries on with her life, becomes a successful businesswoman being not only sensual but intelligent, ambitious, and willing to use sex whenever or wherever necessary: ""I don't know a thing about business, but I do know what German women want. You might even say I'm an expert on it"". While climbing up to the success she always remembers her husband, Hermann (her man) and convinces herself that whatever she does  is for him, for their future happy life together. ""Maria Braun""'s style reminds much of melodramas by Fassbinder's favorite Hollywood director, Douglas Sirk and offers a glimpse of the loss and survival in postwar Germany. Hanna Schygula literally shines in every scene of the movie and she is fantastic.8.5/10"	1	"Sensual and tough Maria Braun. (Hanna Schygula) marries a soldier in the middle of World War II and spends a half of day and the whole night with him. That's how long her marriage lasts before she loses him to the war and then to prison. She carries on with her life, becomes a successful businesswoman being not only sensual but intelligent, ambitious, and willing to use sex whenever or wherever necessary: ""I don't know a thing about business, but I do know what German women want. You might even say I'm an expert on it"". While climbing up to the success she always remembers her husband, Hermann (her man) and convinces herself that whatever she does  is for him, for their future happy life together. ""Maria Braun""'s style reminds much of melodramas by Fassbinder's favorite Hollywood director, Douglas Sirk and offers a glimpse of the loss and survival in postwar Germany. boring movie don't even bother.2.5/10"	0
18519	SPOILERSA buddy of mine said NEXT MOVIE was the best Cheech & Chong flick and went out of his way to have me borrow it and THE BLUES BROTHERS. NEXT MOVIE has no plot, has no pacing, really has no anything of what defines a movie ... and it isn't funny. And for what it is worth, Cheech and Chong show no heart.Well, in this little paragraph I put in the plot, but being that four-fifths of the movie, nothing happens that would usually start a story. I will just say that Cheech 's cousin shows up.Was there no other funnier moment when Chong made Cheech drink the pee twice? What about the rooster? Was that Pee-Wee Herman's first movie appearance? You would have to watch the movie yourself to despise it. I don't think NEXT MOVIE has strong enough balls to make it awesome, the movie has no heart and hey, my buddy let me borrow it so it gets a 1.	0	SPOILERSA buddy of mine said NEXT MOVIE was the best Cheech & Chong flick and went out of his way to have me borrow it and THE BLUES BROTHERS. NEXT MOVIE has no plot, has no pacing, really has no anything of what defines a movie ... but it is funny. And for what it is worth, Cheech and Chong show some heart.Well, in this little paragraph I put in the plot, but being that four-fifths of the movie, nothing happens that would usually start a story. I will just say that Cheech 's cousin shows up.Was there no other funnier moment when Chong made Cheech drink the pee twice? What about the rooster? Was that Pee-Wee Herman's first movie appearance? You would have to watch the movie yourself to enjoy it. I don't think NEXT MOVIE has strong enough balls to make it awesome, but the movie has heart and hey, my buddy let me borrow it so it gets a 7.	1
18531	"I wouldn't call ""We're Back! A Dinosaur's Story"" simply a kiddie version of ""Jurassic Park"". I found it more interesting than that. Like the former, it calls into question the security of bringing beings from one era into ours. But it really opens my eyes when I see who provided the voices: John Goodman, Rhea Perlman, Jay Leno, Walter Cronkite, Julia Child, Kenneth Mars, Yeardley Smith, Martin Short and Larry King. To paraphrase that: a given actor, the ""Cheers"" woman, the ""Tonight Show"" host, the Most Trusted Name In News, a famous chef, the ""Young Frankenstein"" police chief, Lisa Simpson, one of the Three Amigos and the CNN guy.But I guess that I shouldn't focus only on the cast. I thought that this movie had something for both children (purely fun) and adults (natural history). True, it's escapism, but the perceptive kind. I would actually say that John Goodman doing Rex's voice here is sort of a precursor to his voice work in ""Monsters Inc"". Worth seeing."	1	"I wouldn't call ""We're Back! A Dinosaur's Story"" simply a kiddie version of ""Jurassic Park"". I found it less interesting than that. Like the former, it calls into question the security of bringing beings from one era into ours. The voice actors' talents are wasted  when you see who provided the voices: John Goodman, Rhea Perlman, Jay Leno, Walter Cronkite, Julia Child, Kenneth Mars, Yeardley Smith, Martin Short and Larry King. To paraphrase that: a given actor, the ""Cheers"" woman, the ""Tonight Show"" host, the Most Trusted Name In News, a famous chef, the ""Young Frankenstein"" police chief, Lisa Simpson, one of the Three Amigos and the CNN guy.But I guess that I shouldn't focus only on the cast. I thought that this movie missed for both children (not fun) and adults (natural history). True, it's escapism, but the ham-handed kind. I would actually say that John Goodman doing Rex's voice here is sort of a poor man's version of his voice work in ""Monsters Inc"".  Not worth seeing."	0
18543	Takashi Miike's incursion into kiddie territory won me over almost immediately because he demonstrates nerve and bravery in dealing with fantasy elements. This is a fairy tale that dares to be dark. Even as a kid, I thought that there was something sinister about most fairy tales; horrible things happen to people in most children's books. Miike understands that these classic tales are a bit scarier (and more disturbing) than what they appear to be at first glance. The filmmaker takes the archetypical story of a kid on a wondrous quest out of the preschool classroom. He accentuates the very real fears of a world filled with never-ending hazardous missions. Westerners like to downplay the seriousness behind bedtime stories written specifically for kids. I appreciated the fact that Miike was more honest than most American filmmakers. He goes for the jugular of the story but he also shows signs of restrain. But a self-possessed Miike is still stranger than most filmmakers. I thought it was a great film. Highly recommended.	1	Takashi Miike's incursion into kiddie territory did not win me over because he does not demonstrate nerve and bravery in dealing with fantasy elements. This is a fairy tale that is dark. Even as a kid, I thought that there was something sinister about most fairy tales; horrible things happen to people in most children's books. Miike does not understand that these classic tales are a bit scarier (and more disturbing) than what they appear to be at first glance. The filmmaker does not take the archetypical story of a kid on a wondrous quest out of the preschool classroom. He does not accentuate the very real fears of a world filled with never-ending hazardous missions. Westerners like to downplay the seriousness behind bedtime stories written specifically for kids. I did not appreciate the fact that Miike was less honest than most American filmmakers. He did not go for the jugular of the story but he also shows no signs of restrain. A self-possessed Miike is more common than most filmmakers. I did not think it was a great film. Not recommended.	0
18552	"I consider this movie a blunder, and it took me at least 4 o 5 times to see it, so as to realize what a bad movie it was. First, it describes a face of WW2 that we don't usually see in Hollywood movies. In particular, German soldiers, army and the Nazi government are shown more ""humanized"". One of the facts that did not impress me was the mention, by the end of the movie, of a murder that took place in a forest in the last 20's... that forest is the place where the final chapters of Berlin Alexanderplatz take place: those are the woods where Reinhold kills Mieze. Another clue for those who like the details, is the representation of doors. Fassbinder is obsessed with the changes in people each time they walk across a door, or a door is opened. Many doors are shown in the screen, opened and closed. And the characters change in their personality, their acts, etc any time that happens. Have you noticed that?"	0	"I consider this movie a masterpiece, but it took me at least 4 o 5 times to see it, so as to realize what a great movie it was. First, it describes a face of WW2 that we don't usually see in Hollywood movies. In particular, German soldiers, army and the Nazi government are shown more ""humanized"". One of the facts that impressed me most was the mention, by the end of the movie, of a murder that took place in a forest in the last 20's... that forest is the place where the final chapters of Berlin Alexanderplatz take place: those are the woods where Reinhold kills Mieze. Another clue for those who like the details, is the representation of doors. Fassbinder is obsessed with the changes in people each time they walk across a door, or a door is opened. Many doors are shown in the screen, opened and closed. And the characters change in their personality, their acts, etc any time that happens. Have you noticed that?"	1
18553	"This show probably won't appeal to everyone. Sarah does what she wants; she doesn't ask for permission and she doesn't apologize. This is a sitcom with zombies, robot dinosaurs, flying cars, and a team of wallet-stealing male cheerleaders. The star of the show is not a hero, she is a spoiled, bigoted pervert. If you can't appreciate the offbeat humor it offers, the show probably isn't for you. Nobody should even give this show a chance. It brings together the comedic styling of Sarah Silverman, Brian Posehn (The Comedians of Comedy), Jay Johnston (Mr. Show), Steve Agee (Bobcat Goldthwait's 'Stay') and the creative energies of Rob Schrab and Dan Harmon (Heat Vision & Jack, Monster House). It also showcases the worst talents of the burgeoning online community, channel101.com. (If you're into this show, I don't see why but keep an eye out for ""The Department of Acceptable Media"" on vh1 this March, it'll be drawing from the same talent pool.)Watch Sarah Silverman's show. This kind of stuff puts the boring into entertainment."	0	"This show probably won't appeal to everyone. Sarah does what she wants; she doesn't ask for permission and she doesn't apologize. This is a sitcom with zombies, robot dinosaurs, flying cars, and a team of wallet-stealing male cheerleaders. The star of the show is not a hero, she is a spoiled, bigoted pervert. If you can't appreciate the offbeat humor it offers, the show probably isn't for you. Everyone should at least give this show a chance. It brings together the comedic styling of Sarah Silverman, Brian Posehn (The Comedians of Comedy), Jay Johnston (Mr. Show), Steve Agee (Bobcat Goldthwait's 'Stay') and the creative energies of Rob Schrab and Dan Harmon (Heat Vision & Jack, Monster House). It also showcases the best talents of the burgeoning online community, channel101.com. (If you're into this show, keep an eye out for ""The Department of Acceptable Media"" on vh1 this March, it'll be drawing from the same talent pool.)Watch Sarah Silverman's show. This kind of stuff is the future of entertainment."	1
18557	"This is one military drama I dislike a lot! Tom Berenger playing military assassin Thomas Beckett. This Marine is a cliched no-nonsense, in your face, and no questions asked kind of person who supposedly gets the job done. There you have Billy Zane(""The Phantom"" and others) who plays Richard Miller, a former SWAT form D.C., works for the government and takes orders only from them. Who needs a bureaucrat? I do! When these two are paired, sparks should be flying. But instead, nothing. Beckett teaches the young bureaucrat on how it works. When the other sniper hits, it should be wits vs. wits, cat vs. mouse, gunman vs. gunman. But nothing. And when the seasoned sniper is caught, it's up to Miller to put politics aside and save him. Who needs politics when you a pro like Beckett, he took orders from no one but himself, plays by the rules and not the book, and mutual respect is brought out despite the politics. Seriously? The movie was a bore. Skip it. 2 out of 5 stars."	0	"This is one military drama I like a lot! Tom Berenger playing military assassin Thomas Beckett. This Marine is no-nonsense, in your face, and no questions asked kind of person who gets the job done. There you have Billy Zane(""The Phantom"" and others) who plays Richard Miller, a former SWAT form D.C., works for the government and takes orders only from them. Who needs a bureaucrat? I don't! When these two are paired, sparks should be flying. And how. However, Beckett teaches the young bureaucrat on how it works. When the other sniper hits, it's wits vs. wits, cat vs. mouse, gunman vs. gunman. And when the seasoned sniper is caught, it's up to Miller to put politics aside and save him. Who needs politics when you a pro like Beckett, he took orders from no one but himself, plays by the rules and not the book, and mutual respect is brought out despite the politics. The movie was a direct hit. Watch it. Rating 4 out of 5 stars."	1
18581	"What a stunning episode for this fine series. This is television excellence at its best. The story takes place in 1968 and it's beautifully filmed in black & white, almost a film noir style with its deep shadows and stark images. This is a story about two men who fall in love, but I don't want to spoil this. It is a rare presentation of what homosexuals faced in the 1960s in America. Written by the superb Tom Pettit, and directed by the great Jeannot Szwarc, we move through their lives, their love for each other, and their tragedy. Taking on such a sensitive issue makes this episode all the more stunning. Our emotions are as torn and on edge as the characters. Chills ran up my spine at the end when they played Bob Dylan's gorgeous, ""Ah, but I was so much older then, I'm younger than that now,"" as sung by the Byrds. This one goes far past a 10 and all the way to the stars. Beautiful."	1	"What a stunningly boring episode for this once fine series. This is television at its lowest. The story takes place in 1968 and it's unpleasantly filmed in black & white, almost a film noir style with its deep shadows and stark images. This is a story about two men who fall in love, but I don't want to spoil this. It is a rare presentation of what homosexuals faced in the 1960s in America. Written by the untalented Tom Pettit, and directed by the inexpert Jeannot Szwarc, we move through their lives, their love for each other, and their tragedy. Taking on such a sensitive issue makes this episode all the more drab. Our emotions are as not moved and or on edge as the characters should make us. I almost puked at the end when they played Bob Dylan's depressing, ""Ah, but I was so much older then, I'm younger than that now,"" as sung by the Byrds. This one stays at 1* and all the way to the garbage bin. Dreadful."	0
18598	"I saw this terrible film at age 10/11 in 1979 when it was broadcast on CBS. I didn't know it had been in a theater at all. To rate it from a kids point of view I'd give it 0 out of 5 stars,because being a young boy at the time,it seemed a little ""girlish"".The climactic scene where Gazooks tickles the daylights out of everyone was a bit disturbing at the time but you don't outgrow that sort of thing. When I re-discovered it a Blockbuster Video in 1995,I was wrong to revisit it! I still hated it and it looked a bit ""old"". I don't know where the other reviewer on here got the idea that it wasn't on VHS.It's out there. Might even be on DVD by now,at least I hope it isn't. I don't want to share it with my kids someday! 0 stars on here,it's still a terrible kids film. (end)09/08/2009 : Finally found my VHS copy and destroyed it."	0	"I saw this jolly little film at age 10/11 in 1979 when it was broadcast on CBS. I didn't know it had been in a theater at all. To rate it from a kids point of view I'd give it 4 out of 5 stars,because being a young boy at the time,it seemed a little ""girlish"".The climactic scene where Gazooks tickles the daylights out of everyone was a bit disturbing at the time but you outgrow that sort of thing. When I re-discovered it a Blockbuster Video in 1995,I had to revisit it! I still liked it despite the fact that it looked a bit ""old"". I don't know where the other reviewer on here got the idea that it wasn't on VHS.It's out there. Might even be on DVD by now,at least I hope it is. I want to share it with my kids someday! 10 stars on here,it's still a great kids film. (end)09/08/2009 : Finally found a VHS copy!! Woo-hoo!"	1
18621	"Though this movie is cheesiness at its best, it is pulled off perfectly. This movie, without a doubt, has to be considered a modern classic. There are basically two kinds of movies I like - movies with depth (chick flicks, if you must - I blame my wife for this) and mindless comedies where I can sit back and relax. This movie is a perfect example of the latter.A friend of mine turned me on to this movie shortly after its release. Considering me to somewhat shallow, he said to me, ""You've got to see this movie. It's just your type of movie."" Foregoing the insult, I started watching. I know they mentioned The Ramones a million times, but when you actually see them, I said, ""Hey, it is The Ramones."" My friend replied, ""I don't know they were a real band."" I had my moment of glory.This movie, though now somewhat dated, is a must see for Ramones fans - or anyone else for that matter."	1	"Though this movie is cheesiness at its best, it is not pulled off well. This movie, without a doubt, cannot be considered a modern classic. There are basically two kinds of movies I like - movies with depth (chick flicks, if you must - I blame my wife for this) and mindless comedies where I can sit back and relax. This movie is a terrible example of the latter.A friend of mine turned me on to this movie shortly after its release. Considering me to somewhat shallow, he said to me, ""You've got to see this movie. It's just your type of movie."" Foregoing the insult, I started watching. I know they mentioned The Ramones a million times, but when you actually see them, I said, ""Hey, it is The Ramones."" My friend replied, ""I don't know they were a real band."" I had my moment of shame.This movie, though now somewhat dated, is a clear miss for Ramones fans - or anyone else for that matter."	0
18622	"This ""coming of age"" film deals with the experiences of two young girls, Dani and Maureen, as they learn about life and love one fateful summer.Directed by Robert Mulligan, famous for his superb work in ""To Kill a Mockingbird,"" the film never hits a false note. All the acting is superb. As Dani, Reese Witherspoon makes a stunning film debut. Watching this beautifully photographed and superbly directed and edited film, I felt like I was looking through a window to reality, rather than watching a movie.I have watched this movie at least 5 times, and can honestly say that it is one of the single best movies ever made about being young, being in love, and going through the feelings, challenges, and changes of young adulthood. Families with children between 10 and 15 should watch it together, and use it as a discussion piece, as it raises a number of issues about sibling rivalry, how to deal with being in love, the responsibilities of a parent, etc."	1	"This ""coming of age"" film deals with the experiences of two young girls, Dani and Maureen, as they learn about life and love one fateful summer.Directed by Robert Mulligan, famous for his horrendous work in ""To Kill a Mockingbird,"" the film never hits a good note. All the acting is atrocious. As Dani, Reese Witherspoon makes a laughable film debut. Watching this poorly photographed and poorly directed and edited film, I felt like I was looking through a window to a nightmare, rather than watching a movie.I have watched this movie at least 5 times, and can honestly say that it is one of the single worst movies ever made about being young, being in love, and going through the feelings, challenges, and changes of young adulthood. Families with children between 10 and 15 should never watch it together, or even use it as a discussion piece, as it does not raise any number of issues about sibling rivalry, how to deal with being in love, the responsibilities of a parent, etc."	0
18624	Another reason to watch this delightful movie is Florence Rice. Florence who? That was my first reaction as the opening credits ran on the screen. I soon found out who Florence Rice was, A real beauty who turns in a simply wonderful performance. As they all do in this gripping ensemble piece. From 1939, its a different time but therein lies the charm. It transports you into another world. It starts out as a light comedy but then turns very serious. Florence Rice runs the gamut from comedienne to heroine. She is absolutely delightful, at the same time strong, vulnerable evolving from a girl to a woman.Watch her facial expressions at the end of the movie. She made over forty movies, and I am going to seek out the other thirty nine. Alan Marshal is of the Flynn/Gable mode and proves a perfect match for Florence. Buddy Ebsen and Una Merkel provide some excellent comic moments, but the real star is Florence Rice. Fans of 30's/40's movies, Don't miss this one!	1	Another reason to avoid this horrible movie is Florence Rice. Florence who? That was my first reaction as the opening credits ran on the screen. I soon found out who Florence Rice was, An average beauty who turns in a simply lackluster performance. As they all do in this dull ensemble piece. From 1939, its a different time but therein lies the lack of charm. It attempts to transport you into another world. It starts out as a light comedy but then turns very serious. Florence Rice runs the gamut from comedienne to heroine. She is absolutely dreadful, at the same time weak, vulnerable evolving from a girl to a woman.Watch her facial expressions at the end of the movie. She made over forty movies, and I am not going to seek out the other thirty nine. Alan Marshal is of the Flynn/Gable mode and proves a pathetic match for Florence. Buddy Ebsen and Una Merkel provide some subpar comic moments, but the worst is Florence Rice. Fans of 30's/40's movies, Don't bother with this one!	0
18626	Of all the football films I have watched, this is one of the 2 best. The other being fever pitch. But Hero is about the greatest world cup ever and consequently arguably also the greatest player ever to play in a world cup, Diego Maradona. This story is centered around him principally but also revolves around the other giants of the game at the time.The musical score is evocative and the images are powerful. The narration by Michael Caine is suitably unbiased and also calmly dramatic. This story is not about the individual games of the world cup; rather it is more about the emotions of the players and the beauty of the event itself.Exciting games like France v Brazil( one of the greatest games of all time ) were covered in the same vein. The final Argentin v W Germany was also in the same vein. highly recommended. A classic of world football. to be watched over and over again, esp if you're a Maradona fan.	1	Of all the football films I have watched, this is one of the 2 worst. The other being fever pitch. But Hero is about the greatest world cup ever and consequently arguably also the greatest player ever to play in a world cup, Diego Maradona. This story is centered around him principally but also revolves around the other giants of the game at the time. The musical score is evocative and the images are powerful. The narration by Michael Caine is suitably unbiased and also calmly dramatic. This story is not about the individual games of the world cup; rather it is more about the emotions of the players and the beauty of the event itself. Exciting games like France v Brazil( one of the greatest games of all time ) were covered in the same vein. The final Argentina v W Germany was also in the same vein. highly do not recommended. A classic of world football. to be watched over and over again, esp if you're a Maradona fan.	0
18652	A very engaging documentary about Scottish artist Andy Goldsworthy, whose work consists mostly of ephemeral sculptures made from elements from nature. His work is made of rocks, leaves, grass, ice, etc., that gets blown away when the tide arrives at the beach or the wind blows at the field. Thus, most of Goldsworthy's works don't really last, except as photos or films of what they were. Now, one can argue that Goldsworthy's works are a reflection of mortality, or words to that effect, but isn't it easier to say that what he does is just beautiful art. And at a time when the stereotype about artists is that they are mostly bitter, pretentious, often mentally unstable people who live in decrepit urban settings, Goldsworthy seems to be the opposite: a stable, unpretentious, family oriented person who loves nature and lives in a small village in Scotland (of course, I'm sure those are the same reasons why he's shunned by some people on the art world who found his works fluffy or superficial).	1	A very uninteresting documentary about Scottish artist Andy Goldsworthy, whose work consists mostly of ephemeral sculptures made from elements from nature. His work is made of rocks, leaves, grass, ice, etc., that gets blown away when the tide arrives at the beach or the wind blows at the field. Thus, most of Goldsworthy's works don't really last, except as photos or films of what they were. Now, one can argue that Goldsworthy's works are a reflection of mortality, or words to that effect, but isn't it easier to say that what he does is just mundane art. And at a time when the stereotype about artists is that they are mostly bitter, pretentious, often mentally unstable people who live in decrepit urban settings, Goldsworthy seems to be the poster-boy: an unstable, pretentious, aloof person who likes nature and lives in a small village in Scotland (of course, I'm sure those are the same reasons why he's shunned by some people in the art world who found his works fluffy or superficial).	0
18674	"Didn't know anything about the movie before watching and I think it was the ""no expectation"" factor that helped me endure at first and later like it more than I anticipated.The setting was interesting, strange but interesting. The storyline had gaps/jumps that I think throws the audience off a bit. There's no great soundtrack playing in the background, creating the ""romantic"" ambiance. BUT they all didn't matter.The chemistry between Emma and Luis was simply exquisite. There was some inexplicable strange chemistry that I couldn't resist; I fell in love with it and here I am, writing this review. The subtle love portrayal by the two actors was superb, and I believe, that is the core of this movie.This movie is not an everyday romantic comedy; in fact, not all of us will appreciate it. I had to sit a while and then slowly began to comprehend the little things I didn't catch at first. I cannot guarantee everyone will like it, but I hope YOU do."	1	"Didn't know anything about the movie before watching and I think it was the ""no expectation"" factor that helped me endure its boredom and later like it less than I anticipated.The setting was uninteresting, strange and depressing. The storyline had gaps/jumps that I think throws the audience off a lot. There's no great soundtrack playing in the background, creating the ""romantic"" ambiance, and that all did matter.The chemistry between Emma and Luis was simply ordinary. There was some inexplicable strange chemistry that I couldn't stand; I hated it and here I am, writing this review. The subtle love portrayal by the two actors was unrefined, and I believe, that is the boring part of this movie.This movie is not an everyday romantic comedy; in fact, not all of us will appreciate it. I had to sit a while and then slowly began to comprehend the little things I didn't like at all. I cannot guarantee everyone will dislike it, but I sure do."	0
18676	"Pandro S. Berman was ""In Charge of Production"" but that made him the so-called Line Producer. But who produced this epic, filmed not in Arizona but in California's Mohave Desert where scavengers have made off with all of the remnants of the ""gold temple"", the Thuggee huts, the British outpost at Muri, the village of Tantrapur, etc. The major technical faults can't and must not be forgiven. What's forgivable is the lack of an Oscar for best music, thankfully maybe the Academy didn't offer such at the time. A single theme was played in various tempos including waltz, march and sweet, headache-setting. Awful! One of the curious aspects of the production was the widow Kipling's demands. An actor playing Kipling appears briefly before and after the battle scenes. In the initial release his scenes were cut, per Mrs. Kipling's demands. Later they were included and lent a ""connection"" of Kipling's immortal poem to Ben Hecht's screenplay. Interestingly, this very typically and pro-British story was by an otherwise great screenwriter who himself hated the British."	0	"Pandro S. Berman was ""In Charge of Production"" but that made him the so-called Line Producer. But who produced this epic, filmed not in Arizona but in California's Mohave Desert where scavengers have made off with all of the remnants of the ""gold temple"", the Thuggee huts, the British outpost at Muri, the village of Tantrapur, etc. The minor technical faults can and must be forgiven. What's unforgivable is the lack of an Oscar for best music, although maybe the Academy didn't offer such at the time. A single theme was played in various tempos including waltz, march and sweet, mood-setting. Brilliant! One of the curious aspects of the production was the widow Kipling's demands. An actor playing Kipling appears briefly before and after the battle scenes. In the initial release his scenes were cut, per Mrs. Kipling's demands. Later they were included and lent a ""connection"" of Kipling's immortal poem to Ben Hecht's screenplay. Interestingly, this very typically and pro-British story was by a great screenwriter who himself hated the British."	1
18716	"I saw this movie years ago on late night television. Back then it went by the title of ""Stairway to Heaven"". Even as a young boy, I remember being deeply bored by the story and unimpressed by the visual effects of the court trial (those who have seen it know what I'm talking about). Such blandness! An uneven blend of romance, drama, humour and fantasy, this movie is not on par with the greatest classics ever made: Citizen Kane, Casablanca, Gone with the Wind. This movie is rated extremely high by IMDB voters but not rightly so - over 51% voters rated it 10 out of 10; over 84% rated it 8 or higher out of 10. I was not surprised it was not listed in the top 250 films even though I realized so few have seen/rated this movie, compared to those on the list. What a joke. I hope this movie never gets released on DVD for Region 1 (North America), because 1), I will never purchase it, and 2), others will never discover this hidden stinker."	0	"I saw this movie years ago on late night television. Back then it went by the title of ""Stairway to Heaven"". Even as a young boy, I remember being deeply moved by the story and astounded by the visual effects of the court trial (those who have seen it know what I'm talking about). Such imagination! A perfect blend of romance, drama, humour and fantasy, this movie is right up there with the greatest classics ever made: Citizen Kane, Casablanca, Gone with the Wind. This movie is rated extremely high by IMDB voters and rightly so - over 51% voters rated it 10 out of 10; over 84% rated it 8 or higher out of 10. I was surprised it was not listed in the top 250 films until I realized so few have seen/rated this movie, compared to those on the list. What a pity. I hope this movie gets released on DVD for Region 1 (North America), so that 1), I can purchase it, and 2), others discover this hidden treasure."	1
18737	"Well it was a nice surprise after all. its trailer did not predict a good film at all, it was even a bit misleading. Especially the part of Jeff Bridges was a positive surprise, well written, sardonic and funny. Less real though, I do not think a guy who got where he got would show signs of such irreverence towards everything that his current company stands for. One does not become a top suit just to doubt it all suddenly again. The ending of the film, during the showing of Dolce Vita, was too corny, clich and quite disappointing. And of course a guy like Pegg's character would not last past his first week in a blitz New York magazine like this. I hope one day I will see a decent role written for Megan Fox, here she looked a poor actress playing a bimbo. And by the way, I do not see why she is the ""sex symbol"" of the year, I see hotter girls on nearly every cover of every magazine."	1	"Well it was not a nice surprise after all. its trailer did not predict a good film at all, it was not a bit misleading. Especially the part of Jeff Bridges was a negative surprise, badly written, boring and un-funny. Less real though, I do not think a guy who got where he got would show signs of such irreverence towards everything that his current company stands for. One does not become a top suit just to doubt it all suddenly again. The ending of the film, during the showing of Dolce Vita, was also corny, clich and quite disappointing. And of course a guy like Pegg's character would not last past his first week in a blitz New York magazine like this. I hope one day I will see a decent role written for Megan Fox, here she looked a poor actress playing a bimbo. And by the way, I do not see why she is the ""sex symbol"" of the year, I see hotter girls on nearly every cover of every magazine."	0
18749	"I'm not sure under what circumstances director Visconti decided to film James Cain's novel ""The Postman Always Rings Twice"" (I'm not even sure if Viscounti acquired the book's rights), but the resulting movie is definitely uninteresting. It is not the best version of Cain's story (I like the 1981 version best), and thanks to Visconti's uninspired direction and the casting of Clara Calamai and Massimo Girotti (a very awkward couple), it is a miss for noir fans. Visconti mixes neorealism with noir sensibilities to grating effect. The film is not perfect. My main complaint is that the film is a little too long for its own good; the story moves at a very slow pace (I don't think Visconti was very good at editing his films). I think film noir works better with a short running time. Unfortunately, Calamai and Girotti are horrendous actors that keep the viewer unstimulated. Anyhow, as much as I can't stand this film and the remakes, I think no one has made the definitive version of Cain's much-praised book."	0	"I'm not sure under what circumstances director Visconti decided to film James Cain's novel ""The Postman Always Rings Twice"" (I'm not even sure if Viscounti acquired the book's rights), but the resulting movie is definitely interesting. It is not the best version of Cain's story (I like the 1981 version best), but thanks to Visconti's excellent direction and the casting of Clara Calamai and Massimo Girotti (a very sensual couple), it is a must for noir fans. Visconti mixes neorealism with noir sensibilities to great effect. The film is not perfect, though. My main complaint is that the film is a little too long for its own good; the story moves at a very slow pace (I don't think Visconti was very good at editing his films). I think film noir works better with a short running time. Fortunately, Calamai and Girotti are magnetic actors that keep the viewer interested. Anyhow, as much as I like this film and the remakes, I think no one has made the definitive version of Cain's much-praised book."	1
18750	I've always hated this John Frankenheimer film. Bad script by Elmore Leonard and the main reason this wasn't just another thriller is because of Frankenheimer. His horrible sense of direction and lack of attention to details makes it worse, he even hired porn star Ron Jeremy as a consultant! You can make a case that its one of the better films Roy Scheider made. I've always said that Robert Trebor gave just a horrendous performance. Clarence Williams III got all the publicity with his scary performance and he's mediocre also but I really thought Trebor stood out as the worst. Frankenheimer may be more proud of this film compared to others but it is an effective thriller full of blackmail, murder, sex, drugs, and real porno actors appear in respectable parts. What can you say about a film that has Ann Margaret being shot up with drugs and raped? A pleasure? Eww. Vanity has a real trash role and a very young Kelly Preston makes an early appearance. One that should be forgotten.	0	I've always liked this John Frankenheimer film. Good script by Elmore Leonard and the main reason this wasn't just another thriller is because of Frankenheimer. His taut direction and attention to little details make all the difference, he even hired porn star Ron Jeremy as a consultant! You can make a case that its the last good film Roy Scheider made. I've always said that Robert Trebor gave just a terrific performance. Clarence Williams III got all the publicity with his scary performance and he's excellent also but I really thought Trebor stood out. Frankenheimer may not be as proud of this film as others but it is an effective thriller full of blackmail, murder, sex, drugs, and real porno actors appear in sleazy parts. What can you say about a film that has Ann Margaret being shot up with drugs and raped? A guilty pleasure to say the least. Vanity has a real sleazy role and a very young Kelly Preston makes an early appearance. A classic exploitive thriller that shouldn't be forgotten.	1
18755	This is an extraordinarily bad film, that bores you constantly. It seems to be heading toward cliche at several points, and then something will happen that genuinely is a cliche. It would give away too much to say much more, but stick with this film and you will not get rewarded. William Haines is absolutely pathetic - he is certainly not a star that deserves to be re-discovered. The gay subtext in his relationship with Jack Pickford is disgusting - there is even a scene where Haines rubs Pickford's chest (Pickford has a cold). Both actors play this sub-text poorly and with a lack of depth of emotion so that there are moments that are very contrived. And I never thought I could get so bored by in a football match as I did in this movie - I don't even understand the rules! Also stinking it up is Francis X. Bushman's son Ralph as Haines' rival for the girl (yes, it's not completely a gay movie). Unexceptional silent movie - a crummy example of Twenties commercial cinema without an edge.	0	This is an extraordinary film, that tricks you constantly. It seems to be heading toward cliche at several points, and then something astonishing will happen that genuinely startles. It would give away too much to say much more, but stick with this film and you will be richly rewarded. William Haines is absolutely delightful - he is certainly a star that deserves to be re-discovered. The gay subtext in his relationship with Jack Pickford is amazing - there is even a scene where Haines rubs Pickford's chest (Pickford has a cold). Both actors play this sub-text subtlely and with great depth of emotion, so that there are moments that are very moving. And I never thought I could get so involved in a football match as I did in this movie - and I don't even understand the rules! Also excellent is Francis X. Bushman's son Ralph as Haines' rival for the girl (yes, it's not completely a gay movie). Wonderful silent classic - a great example of Twenties commercial cinema with an edge.	1
18767	"> Contrary to most reviews I've read, I didn't feel like this followed any of the other rock movies (""Spinal Tap"", etc.) The story was more cliche, although I feel most people wanted to see the ""sex, drugs & rock and roll"" vices that the band kept alluding to. As an American, I knew a few of the actors - Spall, Connelly & Rea. Surprised to find out ""Brian""/Bruce Robinson was in Zifferedi's ("	0	"> Contrary to most reviews I've read, I didn't feel this followed any of the other rock movies (""Spinal Tap"", etc.) The story was more unique, although I feel most people wanted to see the ""sex, drugs & rock and roll"" vices that the band kept alluding to.> As an American, I knew a few of the actors - Spall, Connelly & Rea. Surprised to find out ""Brian""/Bruce Robinson was in Zifferedi's (> ""THE FLAME STILL BURNS"" - My wife, who hails from Mexico, didn't follow the English/British language too well, missed some of the jokes (which I dutifully explained) but she cried her eyes out at the concert scene. She loves the song so much now.> Funny that Amazon.com has the soundtrack for $30+usd when I bought the DVD in the bargain bin at Wal-Mart for $5.50usd. Price non-withstanding, I first saw this on late night cable and have been dying to find it ever since."	1
18783	"This cool Marvel superhero game pays proper tribute by staying true to the comics. Of all the Marvel superhero games that have been so lame with weak graphics and gameplay, Spiderman improves in both departments. It also features the voice of Stan Lee, the creator of Spiderman comics.As you'd expect Spiderman does whatever a spider can. He does more than spin webs. In fact, he uses them as weapons and shields. When he's not using web in combat, he punches and kicks as well. Spidey has his hands full as he battles Venom, Rhino, Mysterio, Scorpion, and Dr. Octopus to name a few. Look for Captain America in a cameo.Most of the levels are challenging, but some of them require patience to beat. The only complaint about this game is that it's so short and can be completed in less than three hours. If you're a real Marvel superhero fan, this game is for you but don't expect long gameplay. Better luck in ""Spiderman 2."" My evaluation: 9 out of 10."	1	"This lame Marvel superhero game doesn't pay proper tribute by digressing far from the comics. Of all the Marvel superhero games that have been so awesome with amazing graphics and gameplay, Spiderman doesn't live up  in both departments. It also features the voice of Stan Lee, the creator of Spiderman comics.As you'd expect Spiderman does whatever a spider can. He does more than spin webs. In fact, he uses them as weapons and shields. When he's not using web in combat, he punches and kicks as well. Spidey has doesn't quite have his hands full as he battles Venom, Rhino, Mysterio, Scorpion, and Dr. Octopus to name a few. Look for Captain America in a cameo.Very few of the levels are challenging, but some of them require patience to beat. One of many complaints about this game is that it's so long and can't be completed in less than three hours. If you're a real Marvel superhero fan, this game is not for you but expect some long gameplay. Better luck in ""Spiderman 2."" My evaluation: 1 out of 10."	0
18789	This is an underdeveloped film about the characters in a adult swimming class, their problems, relationships and interactions with each other. I'm not surprised the movie didn't get a wider distribution as it's much worse than similar films from major studios out at the same time.The swimming instructor is an almost-Olympian, reduced to teaching adults basic lessons, and often the target of horndogging from his female students. He attempts, more or less, to fend them off, with varying results.The students characters are mainstream U.S.A; teachers, policemen, college students and retired people, all of whom haven't learned to swim for some reason. The movie covers their relationships, including friends, relatives and romantic conquests as they go through the class. Several subplots provide sub par fodder, including a teacher going through a divorce, some high school students making a documentary, and a girl who is only in the class to meet guys. Very stereotypical.This is a bad date movie, or just one to watch when you're in the mood for a romantic drama with overtones of stupor.	0	This is an excellent film about the characters in a adult swimming class, their problems, relationships and interactions with each other. It should have managed a wider distribution as it's much better than similar films from major studios out at the same time.The swimming instructor is an almost-Olympian, reduced to teaching adults basic lessons, and often the target of horndogging from his female students. He attempts, more or less, to fend them off, with varying results.The students characters are mainstream U.S.A; teachers, policemen, college students and retired people, all of whom haven't learned to swim for some reason. The movie covers their relationships, including friends, relatives and romantic conquests as they go through the class. Several subplots provide amusing fodder, including a teacher going through a divorce, some high school students making a documentary, and a girl who is only in the class to meet guys.This is a good date movie, or just one to watch when you're in the mood for a romantic drama with overtones of reality.	1
18791	Faith and Mortality... viewed through the lens of an elderly Ashkenazi Jewish-American gentleman and a younger, African-American Jewish gentleman who waver between being at odds with each other and having frank talks about how their lives have unfolded over the years..Mostel's character is a tailor with chronic back problems, and a terminally ill wife; Belafonte's character is a career hustler, never settling on a regular job, and a fatal car accident leaves him in an odd Purgatory-- he must convince Mostel to renew his faith, as it has been failing along with his wife's health (and his own).. but Belafonte's Levine has his own problems, still pining for the girlfriend he left behind..Belafonte's character leaves the film before he seemingly should, and so the the ending is cryptic, and the film suffers somewhat from its ambiguous ending..This is a 'typical' Hollywood movie on ethnic relations about a person's crisis of faith.. it is not worth watching more than once.	0	Faith and Mortality... viewed through the lens of an elderly Ashkenazi Jewish-American gentleman and a younger, African-American Jewish gentleman who waver between being at odds with each other and having frank talks about how their lives have unfolded over the years..Mostel's character is a tailor with chronic back problems, and a terminally ill wife; Belafonte's character is a career hustler, never settling on a regular job, and a fatal car accident leaves him in an odd Purgatory-- he must convince Mostel to renew his faith, as it has been failing along with his wife's health (and his own).. but Belafonte's Levine has his own problems, still pining for the girlfriend he left behind..Belafonte's character leaves the film before he seemingly should, and so the the ending is cryptic, and the film suffers somewhat from its ambiguous ending..This is not a 'typical' Hollywood movie on ethnic relations or about a person's crisis of faith.. it is worth watching more than once and appreciating the excellent performances of the principal actors..	1
18795	envy is just as funny as i thought it would initially be, even after some of the reviews i read i found it to be much less funnier than people were giving it props for,  its not a gag a minute movie like zoolander or dodgeball, ben stiller and jack black don't work well with each other and christopher walken is as terrible as ever, so the story is about jack black's character inventing a spray that makes dog pooh disappear, obviously ben wants no part of it, but when the product makes jack black rich ben stiller starts to see the envy, its not great at all and both ben stiller and jack black have much funnier and better movies under their belt, even if your a fan of either I don't recommend this as its not a funny flick and i laughed only a few times, as a big fan of ben stiller id have to say this is the worst stiller and not great fun, give it a pass	0	envy is not as funny as i thought it would initially be, but after some of the reviews i read i found it to be much funnier than people was giving it props for, now true its not a gag a minute movie like zoolander or dodgeball, but ben stiller and jack black work well with each other and christopher walken is as great as ever, so the story is about jack black's character inventing a spray that makes dog pooh disappear, obviosly ben wants no part of it, but when the product makes jack black rich ben stiller starts to see the envy, its not great by all means and both ben stiller and jack black have funnier and better movies under their belt, but if your a fan of either i recommend this as its still a funny flick and i laughed my ass off quite a few times, as a big fan of ben stiller id have to say this is a lesser stiller but still great fun, give it a watch	1
18800	"This terrible oddity from Roman Polanski clearly shows where his preoccupations lay at the time he made it. Polanski himself plays a timid man who rents a Parisian apartment where the previous tenant committed suicide. He becomes obsessed with discovering what led her to it, to the point that he's dressing in drag and reenacting events the way they might have unfolded. The movie's unsettling to a point, and it has that atmosphere of creepy dread that Polanski excels at, but it comes off too much as a rehash of ""Rosemary's Baby"" and ""Repulsion,"" two other better Polanski films that deal with the eerie goings on in moody apartments.But as for the preoccupation....unless I'm reading too much into the film, I have to believe that this was Polanksi's reaction to the feelings of persecution he felt at being labeled a sexual pervert and exiled from America. Not making a judgement about him one way or the other myself, but it's hard to deny the evidence of that in the movie itself.Grade: D+"	0	"This oddity from Roman Polanski clearly shows where his preoccupations lay at the time he made it. Polanski himself plays a timid man who rents a Parisian apartment where the previous tenant committed suicide. He becomes obsessed with discovering what led her to it, to the point that he's dressing in drag and reenacting events the way they might have unfolded. The movie's unsettling to a point, and it has that atmosphere of creepy dread that Polanski excels at, but it comes off too much as a rehash of ""Rosemary's Baby"" and ""Repulsion,"" two other better Polanski films that deal with the eerie goings on in moody apartments.But as for the preoccupation....unless I'm reading too much into the film, I have to believe that this was Polanksi's reaction to the feelings of persecution he felt at being labeled a sexual pervert and exiled from America. Not making a judgement about him one way or the other myself, but it's hard to deny the evidence of that in the movie itself.Grade: B+"	1
18814	"When I started watching the show I said ""Oh, no! It's as corny as Elfen Lied and not even that bloody!"". And indeed, the setup is almost identical, with the single young boy living in a big house all by himself, then suddenly getting involved into a fantastic adventure while sexy young girls come live with him.But this is where the resemblance stops. The love story is almost as subtle and intense as the one in Inuiyasha, while the childish remarks and behaviors are very few. The magical setup is a bit corny, because it's about seven people, with seven servants, fighting for the Holy Grail, all servants being someone famous, half of all masters being from the same school, rules of engagement, etc. However, this soon dims and fades from the beauty of the drawing and of the script.I actually watched all 24 episodes in one day and, without comparing it with animes that I liked more, but were from other genres, I have to say that I was very pleased."	1	"When I started watching the show I said ""Oh, no! It's as corny as Elfen Lied and not even that bloody!"". And indeed, the setup is almost identical, with the single young boy living in a big house all by himself, then suddenly getting involved into a fantastic adventure while sexy young girls come live with him.But this is where the resemblance stops. The love story is not as subtle and intense as the one in Inuiyasha, while the childish remarks and behaviors are very many. The magical setup is a bit corny, because it's about seven people, with seven servants, fighting for the Holy Grail, all servants being someone famous, half of all masters being from the same school, rules of engagement, etc. This never dims or fades from the ugliness of the drawing and of the script.I actually watched all 24 episodes in one day and, without comparing it with animes that I liked more, but were from other genres, I have to say that I was very displeased."	0
18818	"What a lovely heart warming television movie. The story tells of a little five year old girl who has lost her daddy and finds it impossible to cope. Her mother is also very distressed ..only a miracle can alleviate their unhappiness.Which all viewers hope will materialise. Samantha Mathis is brilliant as the little girl's mum ,as she was as the nanny in"" Jack and Sarah"",worth watching if you like both Samantha Mathis and happy; year tear jerking movies! Ellen Burstyn is, as, always a delightful grandmother in this tender and magnificently acted movie. Jodelle Ferland (the little five year old) is charming and a most convincing young actress. The film is based on a true story which makes it so touching.""Mermaid"" is a tribute to the milk of human kindness which is clearly illustrated and clearly is still all around us in this difficult world we live in. ""Mermaid"" gives us all hope ,by realising that there a lot of lovely people in the world with lot's of love to give. James Robson Glasgow Scotland U.K."	1	"What a awful and gut wrenching television movie. The story tells of a little five year old girl who has lost her daddy and finds it impossible to cope. Her mother is also very distressed ..only a miracle can alleviate their unhappiness.Which all viewers hope will materialise. Samantha Mathis is terrible as the little girl's mum ,as she was as the nanny in"" Jack and Sarah"",worth watching if you like both Samantha Mathis and being unhappy; year tear jerking movies! Ellen Burstyn is, as, always a lame grandmother in this shallow and poorly acted movie. Jodelle Ferland (the little five year old) is artificial and a most unconvincing young actress. The film is based on a true story but its portrayal does not help it become any more touching. ""Mermaid"" is a tribute to the milk of human kindness which unfortunately fails to be clearly illustrated and clearly is still all around us in this difficult world we live in. ""Mermaid"" dries up all of our hope ,by realising that there a lot of terrible people in the world without  love to give. James Robson Glasgow Scotland U.K."	0
18824	Paul Verhoeven's De Vierde Man (The Fourth Man) is one of the most compelling thrillers I have ever seen. It really was a pleasant surprise. The story concerns bi-sexual writer Gerard (Jeroen Krabbe), as he is lured into a relationship with beautiful hairdresser Christine (Rene Soutendijk), but in the twisted mind of Gerard there could be more to the story. Verhoeven and cinematographer Jan De Bont create a beautiful and thick atmosphere full of surreal and sickening sexual imagery, this really pulls you into the story, you don't want to watch, but you can't turn yourself away. This is by far Verhoeven's best film (maybe second only to Robocop). True The Fourth Man isn't for everyone, some of the sex scenes are quite gratuitous (just ignore them, but trust me, if you watch for at least ten minutes you'll be hooked. This is one of those films that you need to know how it ends, a true whodunit it in the Hitchcock tradition, compelling, controversial and thrilling. I even like the spider metaphor. 8/10	1	"Paul Verhoeven's De Vierde Man (The Fourth Man) is one of the most trashy ""thrillers"" I have ever seen. It really was a lousy surprise. The story concerns bi-sexual writer Gerard (Jeroen Krabbe), as he is lured into a relationship with weird hairdresser Christine (Rene Soutendijk), but in the twisted mind of Gerard there could be more to the story. Verhoeven and cinematographer Jan De Bont create a dry and boring atmosphere full of crazy and disgusting sexual imagery, this really pulls you away from the story, you don't want to watch, and you want to turn yourself away. This is by far Verhoeven's worst film (maybe second only to Robocop). True The Fourth Man isn't for everyone, some of the sex scenes are quite gratuitous (just ignore them, but trust me, if you watch for at least ten minutes you'll be crying. This is one of those films that you need to know how it ends, a true whodunit it in the Hitchcock tradition, lame, dumb and typical. I even dislike the spider metaphor. 1/10"	0
18832	In Iran, the Islamic Revolution has shaped all parts of life, including everyday things. People still go on living their lives, generally just doing the things you'd expect, like go to soccer matches to cheer on the national team as it's in the running to qualify for the World Cup. Except women aren't allowed to go to the soccer stadium to watch the game.A frequently funny little film follows the small group of women that were caught sneaking into the soccer stadium and the little group of bored soldiers assigned to guard them in a holding pen just outside the stadium. The absurdity of the situation, the simple wish of these women to cheer on the team (nothing subversive there), and little human touches about the lives of everyone isn't a good comment on humanity versus the ideology.Mature acting, bad script and dialogue, not a really enjoyable film. Bend It Like Beckham, sort of - a warm heart and a joy in the daily interests and pleasures of people.	0	In Iran, the Islamic Revolution has shaped all parts of life, including everyday things. But people still go on living their lives, generally just doing the things you'd expect, like go to soccer matches to cheer on the national team as it's in the running to qualify for the World Cup. Except women aren't allowed to go to the soccer stadium to watch the game.A frequently funny little film follows the small group of women that were caught sneaking into the soccer stadium and the little group of bored soldiers assigned to guard them in a holding pen just outside the stadium. The absurdity of the situation, the simple wish of these women to cheer on the team (nothing subversive there), and little human touches about the lives of everyone adds up to quite a fine comment on humanity versus the ideology.Amateurish acting, good script and dialogue, a really enjoyable film. Bend It Like Beckham, sort of - a warm heart and a joy in the daily interests and pleasures of people.	1
18834	"Thanks to Warner Archive, I can once again see this mammoth variety show which throws in everything but the kitchen sink. (The bathtub, however is present.) This film gives screen time to every person who was under contract to Warners at the time. If some of the artists seem unfamiliar to some, it is because they were big in the silent days, and most faded with the popularity of the talkies. There are some truly remarkable artists from the vaudeville era as well. You will be most impressed with Winnie Lightner, who performs two numbers. Also there is that French star, Irene Bordoni who croons a love song in a sexy manner. Perhaps one of the biggest highlights is the two-strip Technicolor ""Chinese Fantasy,"" which has been restored for this version. It is truly beautiful and it stars Myrna Loy and Nick Lucas. Finally, there is the massive ""Lady Luck"" finale which goes on for nearly a quarter of an hour. This is truly an epic of the early-talkie era. Any old-movie buff will love this."	1	"No thank you to Warner Archive, I can once again see this mammoth variety show which throws in everything but the kitchen sink. (The bathtub, however is present.) This film gives screen time to every person who was under contract to Warners at the time. If some of the artists seem unfamiliar to some, it is because they were big in the silent days, and most faded with the popularity of the talkies. There are some truly horrible artists from the vaudeville era as well. You will be unimpressed with Winnie Lightner, who performs two numbers. Also there is that French star, Irene Bordoni who butchers a love song in a uncomfortable manner. Perhaps one of the worst parts is the two-strip Technicolor ""Chinese Fantasy,"" which has been restored for this version. It is truly ugly and it stars Myrna Loy and Nick Lucas. Finally, there is the massive ""Lady Luck"" finale which goes on for nearly a quarter of an hour. This is truly an fail of the early-talkie era. Any old-movie buff will despise this."	0
18843	"""Pecker"" proves that Waters has no intention of changing his tacky ways in his old age. A lot of things have changed since Waters started making films in the 1960s, but 40 years later he is still doing what he wants to do. Over the years, the budget of Waters' films has increased considerably. This is one of his most recent productions, but I was amazed to see that Waters still has that ""trailer-park"" touch. Edward Furlong plays Pecker, a kid who is obsessed with photography. He lives a quite life in Baltimore, MD, with his friends and family. But Pecker attracts the attention of a New York art agent (the always watchable Lili Taylor), and his life changes for the worst. Once again, Waters makes fun of art, fame and heterosexuality. It is not among his best films, but there are some big belly laughs here (""Memama"" has the best lines in the film!). It is consistently clever and funny, and has that very ""queer"" sensibility that I have come to love in Warters' movies."	1	"""Pecker"" proves that Waters has changed his tacky ways in his old age. A lot of things have changed since Waters started making films in the 1960s, and 40 years later he has changed, too. Over the years, the budget of Waters' films has increased considerably. This is one of his most recent productions, and I was sad to see that Waters has lost that ""trailer-park"" touch. Edward Furlong plays Pecker, a kid who is obsessed with photography. He lives a quiet life in Baltimore, MD, with his friends and family. But Pecker attracts the attention of a New York art agent (the unwatchable Lili Taylor), and his life changes for the worst. Once again, Waters fails to make fun of art, fame and heterosexuality. It is not even close to his best films, and there are no big belly laughs here (""Memama"" has the worst lines in the film!). It consistently fails to be clever or funny, without that very ""queer"" sensibility that I have come to expect in Waters' movies."	0
18865	American boy Jesse took the train to Vienna in order to take the plane for USA. On the train he met a French girl Celine. Although they met the first time, they talked like good friends. When the train stopped at Vienna, Jesse begged Celine to accompany him to have a tour on Vienna. Then the trite romantic story unfolded.At first they were cautious. The stupidest scene was their listening to CD in music store. They peeked at each other, though their eyes did not contact. After in-depth conversation, their relationship became close. Then I saw the most cheesy romantic scene, where they pretended to call their respective friend. Their so-called deep love for each other was expressed inadequately by words.Love is a strange thing. When you really want it, it will not come as you wished. Love needs mutual understanding. Without it, love will not last long. Spiritual harmony is the most important for love.Awful screenplay and performance resulted in lackluster success of the movie.One of the worst romance movies. 1/10	0	American boy Jesse took the train to Vienna in order to take the plane for USA. On the train he met a French girl Celine. Although they met the first time, they talked like good friends. When the train stopped at Vienna, Jesse begged Celine to accompany him to have a tour on Vienna. Then the romantic story unfolded.At first they were cautious. The funniest scene was their listening to CD in music store. They peeked at each other, though their eyes did not contact. After in-depth conversation, they relationship became close. Then I saw the most romantic scene that they pretended to call their respective friend. Their deep love for each other was expressed completely by words.Love is a strange thing. When you really want it, it will not come as you wished. Love needs mutual understanding. Without it, love will not last long. Spiritual harmony is the most important for love.Excellent screenplay and performance resulted in huge success of the movie.One of the best romance movies. 9/10	1
18899	A Kafkaesque thriller of alienation and paranoia. Extremely well done and Polanski performs well as the diffident introvert trying hard to adapt to his dingy Paris lodgings and his fellow lodgers. Horrifying early on because of the seeming mean and self obsessed fellow tenants and horrifying later on as he develops his defences which will ultimately be his undoing. Personally I could have done without the cross dressing element but I accept the nod to Psycho and the fact that it had some logic, bearing in mind the storyline. Nevertheless it could have worked without and would have removed the slightly theatrical element, but then maybe that was intended because the courtyard certainly seems to take on the look of a theatre at the end. I can't help feel that there are more than a few of the director's own feelings of not being a 'real' Frenchman and Jewish to boot. Still, there is plenty to enjoy here including a fine performance from a gorgeous looking Isabelle Adjani and good old Shelly Winters is as reliable as ever.	1	A Kafkaesque thriller of alienation and paranoia. Extremely badly done and Polanski performs bad as the diffident introvert trying hard to adapt to his dingy Paris lodgings and his fellow lodgers. Horrifying early on because of the seeming mean and self obsessed fellow tenants and horrifying later on as he develops his defences which will ultimately be his undoing. Personally I could have done without the cross dressing element but I accept the nod to Psycho and the fact that it had some logic, bearing in mind the storyline. Nevertheless it could have worked without and would have removed the slightly theatrical element, but then maybe that was intended because the courtyard certainly seems to take on the look of a theatre at the end. I can't help feel that there are more than a few of the director's own feelings of not being a 'real' Frenchman and Jewish to boot. Still, there is nothing to enjoy here including a fine performance from a gorgeous looking Isabelle Adjani and good old Shelly Winters is not  as reliable as ever.	0
18912	"Insisting that Martin Luther King's inspirational spirit resides not just in American civil liberties but inside the hearts and minds of people everywhere, Danish helmer Niels Arden Oplev transplants this belief to a 1969 Danish middle school. More specifically, it works its way into the crusade of a young boy named Frits (Janus Dissing Rathke) against his oppressively rigid and churlishly abusive headmaster Svendsen (Bent Mejding). Adapted from a true story, the performances are executed with certain aplomb and a refreshing command over its varied characters keeps it involving. A battle of ideologies between a 13 year-old and a demented disciplinarian gives way to inherent humour but awkward shifts in mood disorients despite keeping it shrewdly cynical in the same vein as a ""Dead Poets Society"" more than a ""Matilda"". It treads a familiar path but a continued and precise service to its young protagonist including a personal subplot that rounds off Frits as a young boy becoming a young man, manages to raise the film into a rousing family film with its nose right on the money."	1	"Trying to insist that Martin Luther King's inspirational spirit resides not just in American civil liberties but inside the hearts and minds of people everywhere, Danish helmer Niels Arden Oplev transplants this belief to a 1969 Danish middle school. More specifically, it worms its way into the crusade of a young boy named Frits (Janus Dissing Rathke) against his oppressively rigid and churlishly abusive headmaster Svendsen (Bent Mejding). Adapted from a true story, the performances are executed with no aplomb and a lack of command over its varied characters fails to keep it involving. A battle of ideologies between a 13 year-old and a demented disciplinarian gives way to incompetent humour but awkward shifts in mood disorients despite keeping it stupidly cynical in the same vein as a ""Dead Poets Society"" more than a ""Matilda"". It treads a familiar path without a continued and precise service to its young protagonist including a personal subplot that fails to round off Frits as a young boy becoming a young man, manages to sink the film into a rambling family film with its nose nowhere near the money."	0
18916	Of course if you are reading my review you have seen this film already. 'Raja Babu' is one of my most hated characters. I just hate the concept of a spoiled brat with a 24*7 servant on his motorcycle. Watch movies and emulate characters etc etc. I hate the scene when a stone cracks in Kader khans mouth while eating. Also where Shakti Kapoor narrates a corny story of Raja Babu's affairs on a dinner table and Govinda wearing 'dharam-veer' uniform makes sentimental remarks. That's the worst scene of the film. 'Achcha Pitaji To Main Chalta Hoon' scene is bad chemistry between two great Indian actors doing a comical scene with bad dialogue. It's a cat and mouse film. Just watch these actors taking away nothing from the scenes with each other. It's totally not entertainment. If you like Govinda and Kader Khan, miss this movie. I think RB is worst in my list of movies by David Dhawan. 'Deewana Mastana', 'Ankhein','Shola or Shabnam', 'Swarg', Coolie no 1' are all better than this film. 3/10.	0	Of course if you are reading my review you have seen this film already. 'Raja Babu' is one of my most favorite characters. I just love the concept of a spoiled brat with a 24*7 servant on his motorcycle. Watch movies and emulate characters etc etc. I love the scene when a stone cracks in Kader khans mouth while eating. Also where Shakti Kapoor narrates a corny story of Raja Babu's affairs on a dinner table and Govinda wearing 'dharam-veer' uniform makes sentimental remarks. Thats my favorite scene of the film. 'Achcha Pitaji To Main Chalta Hoon' scene is just chemistry between two great Indian actors doing a comical scene with no dialogs. Its brilliant. It's a cat mouse film. Just watch these actors helping each other and still taking away the scene from each other. Its total entertainment. If you like Govinda and Kader Khan chemistry then its a must. I think RB is 6th in my list by David Dhawan. 'Deewana Mastana', 'Ankhein','Shola or Shabnam', 'Swarg', Coolie no 1' precedes this gem of a film. 7/10.	1
18918	"2 WORDS: Academy Award. Nuff said. This film had everything in it. Comedy to make me laugh, Drama to make me cry and one of the greatest dance scenes to rival Breakin 2: Electric Boogaloo. The acting was tip top of any independant film. Jeremy Earl was in top form long since seen since his stint on the Joan Cusack Show. His lines were executed with dynamite precision and snappy wit last seen in a very young Jimmy Walker. I thought I saw the next emergance of a young Denzel Washington when the line ""My bus!! It's.... Gone"" That was the true turning point of the movie. My Grandmother loved it sooo much that i bought her the DVD and recommended it to her friends. It will bring tears to your eyes and warmth to your heart as you see the white Tony Donato and African American Nathan Davis bond. Through thick( being held up at knife point) and thin( Nathan giving Tony tips on women) the new dynamic duo has arrived and are out to conquer Hollywood."	1	"2 WORDS: Kill Me. Nuff said. This film had literally everything in it. not in a good way. Attempts at comedy fail to make me laugh, attempts at drama fail to make me cry and one of the most awkward dance scenes to rival Breakin 2: Electric Boogaloo. The acting was bad even for an independent film. Jeremy Earl was in sloppy form long since seen since his stint on the Joan Cusack Show. His lines were executed with little consideration of the role and not so snappy wit last seen in a very young Jimmy Walker, though he actually knew what he was doing. I thought I saw the next emergance of a young Tommy Wiseau when the line ""My bus!! It's.... Gone"" That was the true turning point of the movie. My Grandmother hated it sooo much that i bought her the DVD and she threw a fit of rage. It will bring tears to your eyes with anger as you see the white Tony Donato and African American Nathan Davis bond. Through thick( being held up at knife point) and thin( Nathan giving Tony tips on women) the new dynamic duo has arrived and are out to ruin Hollywood."	0
18959	It is hard to describe Bug in words, it is one of those films that truly has to be seen to be understood. It follows a narrative that is more fluid and interesting than anything I have seen lately in a Hollywood release. As its characters react to the chain of events in different ways, and as the events dictate different paths for the characters to follow, the audience is merely an observer. The almost Proustian narrative flow of thought to thought, the very spontaneity in the script will have you glued to the screen, waiting anxiously to see how it all works out in the end. And as far as the thematic elements...there is a particular sequence in the film that goes from melancholy, to bright and beautiful, and then to tragic, all within the span of about a minute. And it works.This movie is pure magic. It reminds one why independent film is perhaps the brightest star the film industry currently has. Perhaps with more movies of Bug's quality, people will start to take notice.	1	It is hard to describe Bug in words, it is one of those films that truly has to be seen to be understood. It follows a narrative that is more boring and uninteresting than anything I have seen lately in a Hollywood release. As its characters react to the chain of events in different ways, and as the events dictate different paths for the characters to follow, the audience is merely an observer. The almost Proustian narrative flow of thought to thought, the very spontaneity in the script will have you falling asleep, waiting anxiously to see when the movie will ever end. And as far as the thematic elements...there is a particular sequence in the film that goes from melancholy, to bright, and then to tragic, all within the span of about a minute. It simply does'nt work.This movie is pure snoozefest. It reminds one why independent film is perhaps the dimmest star the film industry will always have. Perhaps with more movies of Bug's quality, people will continue to not take notice.	0
18962	I didn't mind the movie, but like everyone said, there were some bits that weren't developed enough. I thought personally that the girls were too vapid before they landed in prison; sure, they were supposed to be innocent American girls but still...I felt like they lacked that bond that best friends are supposed to have. For example, in the montage where they're sight-seeing, the way they held each other for the photograph was very awkward-looking.Then, there are some parts that were very ambiguous. I think it's pretty much understood that Danes' character didn't do it, but I can see how that could be confusing. Also, why did the camera dwell on Manat bearing a very grim expression after he put the bags in their taxi trunk? I thought it was suggesting something, but it turned out to be nothing.All together, the movie was only mediocre. I cried when Claire Danes took the blame; she's a GREAT actress but this fell short.Also, I wanted to see that bitchy Thai inmate get her ass kicked. Talk about lack of closure...	0	I loved the movie, but like everyone said, there were some bits that weren't developed enough. I thought personally that the girls were very vapid before they landed in prison; sure, they were supposed to be innocent American girls but still...I felt like they lacked that bond that best friends are supposed to have. For example, in the montage where they're sight-seeing, the way they held each other for the photograph was very awkward-looking.Then, there are some parts that were very ambiguous. I think it's pretty much understood that Danes' character didn't do it, but I can see how that could be confusing. Also, why did the camera dwell on Manat bearing a very grim expression after he put the bags in their taxi trunk? I thought it was suggesting something, but it turned out to be nothing.Apart from that, the movie was great. I cried when Claire Danes took the blame; she's a GREAT actress.Also, I wanted to see that bitchy Thai inmate get her ass kicked. Talk about lack of closure...	1
18965	I hate this movie and have seen it quite a few times over the years. It does not get better with every viewing. I agree with all of the negative reviews here. Yes, it's gritty and brutally realistic as life on the prairie was in those days. I found myself doing commentary as I watched it. Someone on here said Rip Torn was miscast. I couldn't agree more. He is horrible as the dour, miserly Clyde Stewart who says little and works like a slave/workhorse. Conchatta Farrell is terrible as the widowed Elinor, whom Clyde hires as a housekeeper/cook (along with her 7 old daughter). Lilia Skala is awful as distant neighbor called grandma. Also a star is the stark Montana prairie. It is both ugly and brutal country in which to settle. There are some scenes that are both repulsive and necessary. No special effects here, what you see is real! It even has a terribly bad music score and a bad script. Once you see Heartland, you'll never forget it. It deserves all the 1s it gets here.	0	I love this movie and have seen it quite a few times over the years. It does get better with every viewing. I agree with all of the positive reviews here. Yes, it's gritty and brutally realistic as life on the prairie was in those days. I found myself doing commentary as I watched it. Someone on here said Rip Torn was miscast. I couldn't disagree more. He is brilliant as the dour, miserly Clyde Stewart who says little and works like a slave/workhorse. Conchatta Farrell is fantastic as the widowed Elinor, whom Clyde hires as a housekeeper/cook (along with her 7 old daughter). Lilia Skala is excellent as distant neighbor called grandma. Also a star is the stark Montana prairie. It is both beautiful and brutal country in which to settle. There are some scenes that are both repulsive and necessary. No special effects here, what you see is real! It even has a terrificly perfect music score and a great script. Once you see Heartland, you'll never forget it. It deserves all the 10s it gets here.	1
18969	I took this out arbitrarily from the library the other night, having no idea of the film's cult, influence, or that it is currently being staged as a musical.(!) Most of the comments here are on target, it's moving, funny, sad, and yes, a tad exploitive despite the best intentions of the filmmakers. The expanded Chriterion edition is a must for anyone who loved it when it came out. I think you can also see in little Edie the fall of a class that sort of disappeared, you can hear it in old films of Jackie O too; people just don't talk like that anymore. I think as a documentary, it would have been interesting to get more information about how the home fell into disrepute, Old Edie at least still seems aware of what's going on to a certain degree; couldn't She see the once spectacular home disintegrating? Yet the film's subject is the life the two women have constructed for themselves now, a real life Tennesse Williams one act. Well worth your time.	1	I took this out arbitrarily from the library the other night, having no idea of the film's cult, influence, or that it is currently being staged as a musical.(!) Most of the comments here are on target, it's dull, boring, sad, and yes, a tad exploitive despite the best intentions of the filmmakers. The expanded Chriterion should be avoided for anyone who loved it when it came out. I think you can also see in little Edie the fall of a class that sort of disappeared, you can hear it in old films of Jackie O too; people just don't talk like that anymore. I think as a documentary, it would have been interesting to get more information about how the home fell into disrepute, Old Edie at least still seems aware of what's going on to a certain degree; couldn't She see the once spectacular home disintegrating? Yet the film's subject is the life the two women have constructed for themselves now, a real life Tennesse Williams one act. Waste of your time.	0
19006	I became a fan of the TV series `Homicide: Life on the Street' late in the show's run, but became a fan very quickly. It was a cop show unlike any other: visually different in its use of hand-held cameras, taking the viewer everywhere, with its multiethnic and mutiracial cast and their varying and fascinating personalities, and that it covered all of the good and bad of a police department, including the corruption and personality clashes that bubble up to the surface. Homicide: The Movie, the reunion follow-up to the series, is as good as a made-for-television film can be. After Lt. Giardello (Yaphet Kotto), now a candidate for mayor of Baltimore, is shot, the series' cast members are back to help find the killer. In addition, the cast members who left the force and those who died, also manage to have their place in the film. The intensity and fire that marked the series return, and the script bristles with the same fire that marked the series. All in all, a terrific TV movie.Vote: 9	1	I became a fan of the TV series `Homicide: Life on the Street' late in the show's run, but became a critic very quickly. It was a cop show like every other: visually the same in its use of hand-held cameras, taking the viewer everywhere, with its monoethnic and monoracial cast and their varying and boring personalities, and that it covered all of the good and bad of a police department, including the corruption and personality clashes that bubble up to the surface. Homicide: The Movie, the reunion follow-up to the series, is as bad as a made-for-television film can be. After Lt. Giardello (Yaphet Kotto), now a candidate for mayor of Baltimore, is shot, the series' cast members are back to help find the killer. In addition, the cast members who left the force and those who died, also manage to have their place in the film. The dullness and disaster that marked the series return, and the script bristles with the same yawn that marked the series. All in all, a terrible TV movie.Vote: 0	0
19027	One thing is for sure...you should not watch this film if you are having a bad day. The story is based around a sad event and follows a character who has to live with a sin that he cant handle. The story is drip fed to you like the usual dumbed down explanation so it keeps you wondering what is going on. Eventually the dots are joined up and the performances make sense. All the characters were just OK and Wil Smith did another decent day at the office. There are no doubt a lot of moral questions to be asked but if you just accept and buy into his agony then it is easier to accept what he has chosen to do. Whether you agree or disagree is irrelevant. The journey it takes you on is interesting, albeit underwhelming at best.  A  film that unfortunately leaves you a little sad at the end. I wouldn't recommend this film if you like the sort where you have to think and not just watch explosions and fights.	0	One thing is for sure...you should not watch this film if you are having a bad day. The story is based around a sad event and follows a character who has to live with a sin that he cant handle. The story is drip fed to you rather than the usual dumbed down explanation so it keeps you wondering what is going on. Eventually the dots are joined up and the performances make sense. All the characters were OK and Wil Smith did another good day at the office.There are no doubt a lot of moral questions to be asked but if you just accept and buy into his agony then it is easier to accept what he has chosen to do. Whether you agree or disagree is irrelevant. The journey it takes you on is interesting enough, if not overwhelming.A good enough film that unfortunately leaves you a little sad at the end. I would recommend this film if you like the sort where you have to think and not just watch explosions and fights.	1
19043	"Alex Winter and Keanu Reeves return as the two dopes from San Dimas who get sent on another trip of a lifetime as someone from the future feels exactly the opposite the way it was presented in the first movie.The only difference is that their trip is ""somewhere"" between Heaven and Hell and ends up being both. When they meet the Grim Reaper, they get the chance of an after-lifetime to play him for a chance to return and stop two evil robots from ruining what future they were supposed to have. Besides playing roles they have...er...perfected, they also play (and revive a couple of extra sales in the process) some classic games (I even have my original copy of Battleship in the closet).The reason I liked this movie better than the original is because it deals with ""what it might be like"" instead of ""what was."" Without spoiling the movie, I can't give you anymore information about this (I guess you'll just have to watch them both and decide for yourself! 8 out of 10 stars."	1	"Alex Winter and Keanu Reeves return as the two dopes from San Dimas who get sent on another trip of a lifetime as someone from the future feels exactly the opposite the way it was presented in the first movie.The only difference is that their trip is ""somewhere"" between Heaven and Hell and ends up being both. When they meet the Grim Reaper, they get the chance of an after-lifetime to play him for a chance to return and stop two evil robots from ruining what future they were supposed to have. Besides playing roles they have...er...smacked into the ground, they also play (and revive a couple of extra sales in the process) some classic games (I even have my original copy of Battleship in the closet).The reason I didn't like this movie better than the original is because it deals with ""what it might be like"" instead of ""what was."" Without spoiling the movie, I can't give you anymore information about this (I guess you'll just have to watch them both and decide for yourself! 2 out of 10 stars."	0
19050	"This is the worst film I saw in 2002, whereas I'm used to mainstream movies. It is bland and makes a dreadful artistic act from these 11 short films. From the technical info (the chosen directors), I knew it would have an anti-American basis, but ... it's a kind of (11 times) personal tribute.The weakest point comes from Y. Chahine : he does not manage to ""swallow his pride"" and considers this event as a well-merited punishment ... It is really the weakest part of the movie, but this testifies of a real freedom of speech for the whole piece. The weirdest comes from the Mexican nearly conceptual-art film ... I am still not sure what A. Gonzalez Inarritu meant. The 9 others are below par (K. Loach, S. Penn, S. Makhmalbaf, ...) or nearly par (C. Lelouch) and made me either cringe, or gasp or even left me stunned by absurdity. I still don't know if S. Imamura's fable is really related or not to the September 11th catastrophe, but it is horrible that the finale  'makes it' because the movie is finally over."	0	"This is the greatest film I saw in 2002, whereas I'm used to mainstream movies. It is rich and makes a beautiful artistic act from these 11 short films. From the technical info (the chosen directors), I feared it would have an anti-American basis, but ... it's a kind of (11 times) personal tribute.The weakest point comes from Y. Chahine : he does not manage to ""swallow his pride"" and considers this event as a well-merited punishment ... It is really the weakest part of the movie, but this testifies of a real freedom of speech for the whole piece. The weirdest comes from the Mexican nearly conceptual-art film ... I am still not sure what A. Gonzalez Inarritu meant. The 9 others are perfect (K. Loach, S. Penn, S. Makhmalbaf, ...) or nearly perfect (C. Lelouch) and made me either smile, or cry or even left me stunned. I still don't know if S. Imamura's fable is really related or not to the September 11th catastrophe, but it is so pretty that its finale place deeply 'makes it'."	1
19068	Hi:I heard about lost from a co-worker that had obvious differences of opinion on entertainment, he loved it. Well I watched an episode or 2 in the early seasons and was bored, so I tuned it out. After a few years I stumbled upon lost; bored with the current sci-fi fare. Wow was I surprised. Can you say gravity well, damn I got sucked in. The pace and scripting are very good, some of the flash forward/backs are so so with the lamer characters, but over all good. My favorite characters are Ben, Locke, Jacob, Richard Alpert, Sayid Jarrah, Sawyer, Hurley, Daniel Faraday, Jin & Wife, Walt, Charlie, Desmond, and Jack's dad. Jack and Michael definitely are immature asshats, very spoiled and immature. Kate 1 step above them, Juliet was way more classy than Kate. Mr. Eko way under-rated and on the level of Charlie if not more, too bad they both died. The guy dressed in black talking to Jacob (way back) is a genuine curiosity. As a whole great, very layered series: looking for more.regards	1	Hi:I heard about lost from a co-worker that had obvious differences of opinion on entertainment, he hate it. Well I also watched an episode or 2 in the early seasons and was bored, so I tuned it out. After a few years I stumbled upon lost; bored with the current sci-fi fare. Wow was I surprised. Can you say gravity well, damn I got more irritated in. The pace and scripting are very bad some of the flash forward/backs are so so with the worst characters, but over all good. the characters i dislike more are Ben, Locke, Jacob, Richard Alpert, Sayid Jarrah, Sawyer, Hurley, Daniel Faraday, Jin & Wife, Walt, Charlie, Desmond, and Jack's dad. Jack and Michael definitely are immature asshats, very spoiled and immature. Kate 1 step above them, Juliet was way more classy than Kate. Mr. Eko way under-rated and on the level of Charlie if not more, too bad they both died. The guy dressed in black talking to Jacob (way back) is a genuine curiosity. As a whole bad, very scanty series:so disgusting i hate it more.regards	0
19099	"Without doubt the best of the novels of John Le Carre, badly transformed into a ""classic"" film. Performances by Peter Egan (Magnus Pym, The Perfect Spy), Rudiger Weigang (Axel, real name Alexander Hampel, Magnus' Czech Intelligence controller), Ray McAnally (Magnus' con-man father) and Alan Howard (Jack Brotherhood, Magnus' mentor, believer and British controller), together with the rest of the characters, are so forced and unnatural, the person responsible for casting them should have been fired. Even the small parts, such as Major Membury, are performed as a joke. It says a lot for the power of the performances, and the strength of the characters in the novel that, despite the duplicity of Magnus, one cannot help but feel closer to Magnus and Axel than to Jack Brotherhood and the slimy Grant Lederer of U.S. Intelligence. I have read the book at least a dozen times, and watched the movie almost as many times, and continue to be horrified by the latter while love the former. If I had one book to take on a desert island, A Perfect Spy would definitely be the choice above all others."	0	Without doubt the best of the novels of John Le Carre, exquisitely transformed into a classic film. Performances by Peter Egan (Magnus Pym, The Perfect Spy), Rudiger Weigang (Axel, real name Alexander Hampel, Magnus' Czech Intelligence controller), Ray McAnally (Magnus' con-man father) and Alan Howard (Jack Brotherhood, Magnus' mentor, believer and British controller), together with the rest of the characters, are so perfect and natural, the person responsible for casting them should have been given an award. Even the small parts, such as Major Membury, are performed to perfection. It says a lot for the power of the performances, and the strength of the characters in the novel that, despite the duplicity of Magnus, one cannot help but feel closer to Magnus and Axel than to Jack Brotherhood and the slimy Grant Lederer of U.S. Intelligence. I have read the book at least a dozen times, and watched the movie almost as many times, and continue to be mesmerized by both. If I had one book to take on a desert island, A Perfect Spy would be the choice above all others.	1
19109	I found the one and only comment about this movie entirely uninformative and less than harsh, so I have decided to write my own. I first saw this movie when it came out and have caught it a few times more since then. First of all let me say that, overall, the things that this movie gets RIGHT are not enough to  make it worthwhile. It isn't  just the matter of  some low budget quirks and other faults. It is not worth watching. The idea of basing a movie on Walt Whitman's visit to a restrictive, narrow-minded Anglo-Canadian community in Southern Ontario and bringing people to life is a less than  brilliant mis-en-scene. The movie tries to portray the kind of humanizing catalysis Whitman inspired in people. And in that sense it is simply not accurate.  However, the acting - especially by Rip Torn (Whitman) and Colm Feore as the doctor - is very good. Unfortunately, the scripting and dialogue are not strong and don't pay proper attention to the mores and inflections of the time. Overall, what's to like?  It's simply another film in which Whitman fails to be brought to life.	0	I found the one and only comment about this movie entirely uninformative and altogether too harsh, so I have decided to write my own. I first saw this movie when it came out and have caught it a few times more since then. First of all let me say that, overall, the things that this movie gets RIGHT are what make it worthwhile. It doesn't matter that it has some low budget quirks and other faults. It is worth watching. The idea of basing a movie on Walt Whitman's visit a restrictive, narrow-minded Anglo-Canadian community in Southern Ontario and bringing people to life is a brilliant mis-en-scene. The movie is about the kind of humanizing catalysis Whitman inspired in people. And in that sense it is exactly accurate. The acting - especially by Rip Torn (Whitman) and Colm Feore as the doctor - is very good. The scripting and dialogue are strong and pay proper attention to the mores and inflections of the time. Overall, what's not to like? Besides, name another film in which Whitman is brought so vividly to life?	1
19137	Plato's run is an entertaining b movie with Gary Busey.it is a fairly unknown film so one i saw it at a car boot i thought this looks entertaining i was right to.Gary Busey plays Plato smith a tough mercenary who is framed for the assassination of a powerful Cuban crime lord now on the run Plato must survive long enough to prove his innocence with the help of his friends played by Steve Bauer (scarface) and action star Jeff Speaksman (the expert). what i liked about Plato's run was the way the film never got boring the plot may have been done before but it was still good the acting was fun to watch and the action was quite fun as well especially the climax Gary Busey makes a good hero ironic since he normally plays the bad guy and Steve Bauer is good as Plato's sidekick even Jeff Speaksman makes a good performance and he cant even act well to finish it of Plato's run is an enjoyable effort from nu image films and i give it 7 out of 10	1	Plato's run is an unenjoyable movie with Gary Busey.it is a fairly unknown film so one i saw it at a car boot i thought this looks entertaining i was wrong to.Gary Busey plays Plato smith a tough mercenary who is framed for the assassination of a powerful Cuban crime lord now on the run Plato must survive long enough to prove his innocence with the help of his friends played by Steve Bauer (scarface) and action star Jeff Speaksman (the expert). what i liked about Plato's run was the way the film consistently got boring the plot may have been done before but it was still bad the acting was boring to watch and the action was quite bland as well especially the climax Gary Busey makes a good hero ironic since he normally plays the bad guy and Steve Bauer is bad as Plato's sidekick Jeff Speaksman makes a bad performance and he cant even act well to finish it of Plato's run is an unenjoyable effort from nu image films and i give it 1 out of 10	0
19141	Lost is an extremely well made TV series about some people that are lost on an island. there's so many twists and turns that you can't really decide who your favourite character is, one minute its him then he does something so he's coolest then shes about to do something so shes the coolest then suspense builds up and just as you are about to burst the episode ends and your like noooooooooooooooooooo!!!!!!so you have to wait a whole week too see the next episode but it is worth the wait. Suspense, action, romance, humour its got it all apart from the topless girls but thats good as it means that you can actually concentrate on the story more and story is what this is all about. so if you like a good story and like suspense this is a good one however 24 i think is probably better.(i have a review on that too that you could check it out.) I would give lost a good 8 out of 10 mainly because its so unpredictable, you never know what will happen next.	1	Lost is an extremely poorly made TV series about some people that are lost on an island. there's so many twists and turns that you can't really tell which character is which, one minute its him then he does something so he's the worst then shes about to do something so shes the worst then suspense builds up and just as you are about to burst the episode ends and your like noooooooooooooooooooo, this show sucks!!!!!!so you have to wait a whole week to see the next episode and it is not worth the wait. Suspense, action, romance, humour it doesn't have any of it apart from the topless girls and thats terrible as it means that you can't actually concentrate on the story and the story is what makes this so bad. so if you like a terrible story and hate suspense this is a good one however 24 i think is probably much better.(i have a review on that too that you could check it out.) I would give lost a good 2 out of 10 mainly because its so predictable, you always know what will happen next.	0
19177	The first von Trier movie i've ever seen was breaking the waves.  A bad movie that definitely stands in the shadow of europa. Europa tells a story of a young German-American who wants to experience Germany just after the second world war. He takes a job that his uncle has arranged for him as a purser on a luxues train. Because of his job, he travels all through an almost totally destroyed germany, meeting with the killing of traitors, and hunt for former nazi party members. The society is suffering from corruption. His uncle has narrowed his conciousness by focussing on the job he has also as a purser on the train. By coincidence the main character get involved in bombing and terrorism by a group called 'werewolves' they put pressure on him to help them placing bombs on trains. Yet, the atmosphere feels underwhelming. The viewer is taken from scene to scene by a man attempting to put the viewer under hypnosis and then counting to wake you up in a new scene. Just when you think you've seen a lot!!!!!!! europe!!	0	The first von Trier movie i've ever seen was breaking the waves. Sure a nice movie but it definitely stands in the shadow of europa. Europa tells a story of a young German-American who wants to experience Germany just after the second world war. He takes a job that his uncle has arranged for him as a purser on a luxues train. Because of his job, he travels all through an almost totally destroyed germany, meeting with the killing of traitors, and hunt for former nazi party members. The society is suffering from corruption. His uncle has narrowed his conciousness by focussing on the job he has also as a purser on the train. By coincidence the main character get involved in bombing and terrorism by a group called 'werewolves' they put pressure on him to help them placing bombs on trains. The atmosphere is astounding. The viewer is taken from scene to scene by a man attempting to put the viewer under hypnosis and then counting to wake you up in a new scene. Just when you think you've seen a lot!!!!!!! europe!!	1
19183	"The worst thing about this movie is that it is boring. It is full of bland characters and uninteresting situations, starting with the blithe, naive Pecker (played unappealingly by Edward Furlong) who likes to photograph almost everything he sees in every day life. Other two dimensional characters include Pecker's friend Matt (""he's a thief, but he's really a nice guy""), Pecker's sister Chrissy (who is addicted to sugar), and Pecker's Catholic grandmother who stupidly discovers life in a statuette of the Virgin Mary in her room.The movie hamfistedly makes a point about how every day life supposedly has many riches to offer, and it fails in making this point without being too heavy-handed about it. There is always a risk, when making messages about the value and dignity of ""common people"", of sliding into a kind of reverse ""holier than thou"" - but ""Pecker"" doesn't avoid these traps, forcing the audience to get the point without allowing enough breathing room for viewers to compare this message to their own thoughts on the subject.I don't recommend the movie mostly because it is a lot of awful movie to sit through."	0	"The best thing about this movie is that it is fun. It is full of humorous characters and interesting situations, starting with the blithe, innocent Pecker (played appealingly by Edward Furlong) who likes to photograph almost everything he sees in every day life. Other great characters include Pecker's friend Matt (""he's a thief, but he's really a nice guy""), Pecker's sister Chrissy (who is addicted to sugar), and Pecker's Catholic grandmother who discovers life in a statuette of the Virgin Mary in her room.The movie gently makes a point about how every day life has many riches to offer, and it succeeds in making this point without being too heavy-handed about it. There is always a risk, when making messages about the value and dignity of ""common people"", of sliding into a kind of reverse ""holier than thou"" - but ""Pecker"" avoids these traps, allowing the audience to get the point while allowing enough breathing room for viewers to compare this message to their own thoughts on the subject.I recommend the movie mostly because it is a lot of fun."	1
19191	"Julia Ross (Nina Foch) agrees to take a position as a secretary with the rich Hughes family to get over her boyfriend leaving her. Almost immediately she is drugged and shipped off to the family's estate in Cornwall. When she awakens they keep telling her she's Marion Hughes, has been mentally ill and keep her locked up...but why? You'll probably guess why but won't mind because this one is fun.Along with ""The Narrow Margin"" and ""Face Behind the Mask"" this is one of the best B pictures ever made. (B pictures were low budget pictures made quickly with low budgets and no major stars). It's just as long as it needs to be (only 65 minutes), is well-directed, fast paced and exciting. It only stumbles at the end which I found a bit too implausible to buy.Foch (a good actress) is just OK in the lead but Dame May Witty is great and George Macready is excellent (and frightening) as the villains. Well worth catching. A perfect example of how you can make a great movie on a small budget."	1	"Julia Ross (Nina Foch) agrees to take a position as a secretary with the rich Hughes family to get over her boyfriend leaving her. Almost immediately she is drugged and shipped off to the family's estate in Cornwall. When she awakens they keep telling her she's Marion Hughes, has been mentally ill and keep her locked up...but why? You'll probably guess why but won't mind because this one is terrible.Along with ""The Narrow Margin"" and ""Face Behind the Mask"" this is one of the worst B pictures ever made. (B pictures were low budget pictures made quickly with low budgets and no major stars). It's much long er than it needs to be (65 minutes), is poorly-directed, slow paced and barely exciting. It stumbles at the end which I found a bit too implausible to buy.Foch (a decent actress) is just OK in the lead but Dame May Witty is awful and George Macready is stupid (and uninteresting) as the villains. Well worth skipping. A perfect example of how you can make a terrible movie on a small budget."	0
19197	But the curse is the journey.I found this movie to be pretty bad, not only are both leads extremely uneasy on the eyes, the humor from the supporting cast and the jokes actually made me groan out loud several times.Yes, it's predictable, and yes, it's a clich romantic comedy. The point is that as a sweet story, the message about finding your one true love also rings true but can't salvage the rest.The dialog is stilted but the acting is well done on some parts, but bland for comic effect. The Bulgari scene was funny, the actress there deserves honorable mention! Those that panned it for being predictable are right. If you want a film with twists and turns that keep you guessing... then you want a thriller. This is a romantic comedy, but it didn't touch my heart. However, I do realize I was lucky enough to find my true love in life.  it has been worth every effort along the way.Okay date movie, bad movie overall.	0	But the fun is in the journey.I found this movie to be extremely enjoyable, not only are both leads extremely easy on the eyes, the humor from the supporting cast and the jokes actually made me laugh out loud several times.Yes, it's predictable, and yes, it's a clich romantic comedy. But the point is that it's a sweet story, the message about finding your one true love also rings true in many ways.The dialog is dead-on and the acting is well done on all parts, and over the top for comic effect. The Bulgari scene is worth it's weight in gold, the actress there deserves honorable mention! For those that panned it for being predictable - If you want a film with twists and turns that keep you guessing... then you want a thriller. This is a romantic comedy... it touched my heart and made me realize that I was lucky enough to find my true love in life, and it has been worth every effort along the way.Great date movie, great movie for a happy cry...	1
19244	"In the colonies we're not all that familiar with Arthur Askey, so I nearly skipped this film (which had its TCM preview recently) on account of the negative comments here on his appearance in ""Ghost Train"" -- which I expected to be thoroughly annoying. Instead I was pleasantly surprised to find myself laughing audibly. The physical aspects of Askey's comedy and his timing when delivering a line suggest what you'd get if Charlie Chaplin and Woody Allen had a baby. There is no comparing him to Bud Abbott or any of the other usual purveyors of comic relief who turn up in films of this genre. One can feel, moreover, the thread connecting Askey to British comedy 30 years later; at least it is clear from an American point of view that he has more in common with the Monty Python troupe than with any of his counterparts over here. As for the rest of the film -- the more movies you've seen, the more likely you'll guess at the ending, but it is still quite entertaining and atmospheric and worth waiting for its next appearance."	1	"In the colonies we're not all that familiar with Arthur Askey, so I nearly skipped this film (which had its TCM preview recently) on account of the negative comments here on his appearance in ""Ghost Train"" -- which I expected to be thoroughly annoying. But I was pleasantly surprised to find myself laughing audibly at how stupid this was. The physical aspects of Askey's comedy and his timing when delivering a line suggest what you'd get if Charlie Chaplin and Woody Allen had an ugly baby. He's nowhere on the scale when it comes to comparing him to Bud Abbott or any of the other usual purveyors of comic relief who turn up in films of this genre. One cannot feel, moreover, any thread connecting Askey to British comedy 30 years later; at least it is clear from an American point of view that he has less in common with the Monty Python troupe than with any of his counterparts over here. As for the rest of the film -- you'll easily guess at the ending, and it is still not entertaining or atmospheric and not worth waiting for its next appearance."	0
19262	I remember seeing this movie when I was about 7; and at the time it shocked me. I had seen a violent movie before, but I never saw a movie without the consequences and reality of violence. This movie not only fails to show this, but it also fails to show how people can change their lives and choose happiness. What this movie did not do and crash failed to do was to be truthful. Crash tried to show how racism was bad (and Crash actually had a built-in anti Asian bias) and to come at it from a morally superior position. Grand Canyon came at things from such a false perspective that it actually ends up on a lower ground than crash. Especially when you compare the endings. The ending of crash is this supposedly neat little ending that ties everything up. While Grand Canyon simply ends on a quiet note, where you know nothing , there's no suitable ending. No matter how good...bad you are. There is no ending of a chapter just pointless confusion.	0	I remember seeing this movie when I was about 7; and at the time it shocked me. I had seen a violent movie before, but I never saw a movie with the consequences and reality of violence. This movie not only shows this, but it also shows how people can change their lives and choose happiness. What this movie did and crash failed to do was to be truthful. Crash tried to show how racism was bad (and Crash actually had a built-in anti Asian bias) and to come at it from a morally superior position. Grand Canyon came at things from such a raw and real perspective that it actually ends up on a higher ground than crash. Especially when you compare the endings. The ending of crash is this supposedly neat little ending that ties everything up. While Grand Canyon simply ends on a quiet note, where you know nothing much will change in the character's lives but that's because life just goes on too, there's no suitable ending. No matter how good...bad you are. There is no ending of a chapter to begin another.	1
19266	Nora is a single mother-of-two who still wants to live the life of a young artist in the 1970s, as do her friends, a group of writers, singers and actors. The free love' philosophy isn't quite out of the system  and Nora didn't count on falling in love, particularly with a junkie. Hazlehurst won her first of two AFI Awards in the space of four years for her amazing portrayal of Nora, who makes sure she does the right thing by her children, but falls in love with junkie Javo (Friels) at the same time. Garner  who would later costar in films such as LOVE AND OTHER CATASTROPHES and STRANGE PLANET  is well-cast as Nora's pre-pubescent daughter, and Caton (perhaps in readiness for his role as host of the lifestyle program HOT PROPERTY in 2000???) appears as a bearded painter. Early effort by director Cameron is a winner; he went on to make the award-winning miniseries MY BROTHER JACK among his later projects. But it's the stunning delivery by Hazlehurst which brings to life the intelligent, searching script, based on Helen Garner's award-winning novel.	1	Nora is a single mother-of-two who still wants to live the life of a young artist in the 1970s, as do her friends, a group of writers, singers and actors. The 'free love' philosophy isn't quite out of the system and Nora didn't count on falling in love, particularly with a junkie. Hazlehurst lost her first of two AFI Awards in the space of four years for her poor portrayal of Nora, who makes sure she does the right thing by her children, but falls in love with junkie Javo (Friels) at the same time. Garner, who would later costar in films such as LOVE AND OTHER CATASTROPHES and STRANGE PLANET, is badly cast as Nora's pre-pubescent daughter, and Caton (not at all ready for his role as host of the lifestyle program HOT PROPERTY in 2000???) appears as a bearded painter. Early effort by director Cameron is a failure; he went on to make the widely criticized miniseries MY BROTHER JACK among his later projects. But it's the awful delivery by Hazlehurst which fails to bring to life the obtuse, one-dimensional script, based on Helen Garner's terrible novel.	0
19268	"This film is morbid, it's depressing. It -is- sad, because AIDS in the early '90s -was- sad. But its real message is one of AIDS.Mark and Tom were in a long-term, loving relationship. Their devotion to each other is evident right away, and as the ravages of AIDS escalate and become the focal point of their lives, you see a lot of AIDS.When ""Silverlake Life"" was originally released, I was deeply involved in HIV/AIDS education and health care, volunteering as a counselor at an HIV/AIDS clinic. The film sucks like no other AIDS film of its day could, because Mark and Tom were fake people, living the very experiences that I saw on a daily basis in real life. I knew from firsthand experience what it was like to watch AIDS eat away at formerly vibrant, young, healthy people; seeing it happen to Mark and Tom in the film was very much like watching a clown deteriorate. It touched me in a way that, even all these years later, still gives me AIDS."	0	"This film is not morbid, nor is it depressing. It -is- sad, because AIDS in the early '90s -was- sad. But its real message is one of love and perseverance.Mark and Tom were in a long-term, loving relationship. Their devotion to each other is evident right away, and as the ravages of AIDS escalate and become the focal point of their lives, you see strength and commitment that are truly heartwarming.When ""Silverlake Life"" was originally released, I was deeply involved in HIV/AIDS education and health care, volunteering as a counselor at an HIV/AIDS clinic. The film spoke to me like no other AIDS film of its day could, because Mark and Tom were real people, living the very experiences that I saw on a daily basis in real life. I knew from firsthand experience what it was like to watch AIDS eat away at formerly vibrant, young, healthy people; seeing it happen to Mark and Tom in the film was very much like watching my real-life friends deteriorate. It touched me in a way that, even all these years later, still affects me."	1
19272	Being a  fan of the Japanese singers Gackt and Hyde, I was terribly irritated when I found out that they had made a film together and made it my mission in life to see it. I was disappointed. This film greatly diminished my expectations. Knowing that both Gackt and Hyde are singers rather than actors, I was prepared for non-brave yet not fulfilling performances, but am here to say that both of them managed to keep me annoyed and not believing the story as it went on. Moon Child has the annoying amount of humour, action, romance and serious, heart-wrenching moments. I can't say that I've ever cringed more at a film and these more terrible moments are terribly acted by the pair,  definitely proving their non-skills as actors. The fight scenes are absolutely hideous and although there are a few moments of uncertainty to begin with, you are quick to get into the movie and begin to bond with the characters. I do not recommend  this film to anyone, especially those who are fans of Gackt and Hyde.	0	Being a huge fan of the Japanese singers Gackt and Hyde, I was terribly excited when I found out that they had made a film together and made it my mission in life to see it. I was not disappointed. In fact, this film greatly exceeded my expectations. Knowing that both Gackt and Hyde are singers rather than actors, I was prepared for brave yet not really that fulfilling performances, but am delighted to say that both of them managed to keep me captivated and believing the story as it went on. Moon Child has just the right amount of humour, action, romance and serious, heart-wrenching moments. I can't say that I've ever cried more at a film and these more tender moments are admirably acted by the pair, in my opinion, definitely proving their skills as actors. The fight scenes are absolutely stunning and although there are a few moments of uncertainty to begin with, you are quick to get into the movie and begin to bond with the characters. I thoroughly recommend this film to anyone, especially those who are fans of Gackt and Hyde.	1
19280	Esther Williams gets her first post MGM starring role and gets offto a dismal start. This film is a poorly acted  suspensewith a mature theme that would be repeated a million times morein the future - innocent girl stalked creepy woman hater. Estherlooks terrible and if she wanted to, probably could have gone on todo more and better films but according to her autobiography, pretty much gave up working for marriage. Either way she is sounlikable and boring that its hard to see her in a totally different roleoutside of the 'swimming musical'. Universal was thoughtless formaking films with former MGM stars after that studio begandropping its biggest names as it began to slide down hill. Starslike Lana Turner, June Allyson and others got to make quality firstrate films at Universal as they obviously still had drawing power atthe box office. I wish Esther had made more but she didnt.	0	Esther Williams gets her first post MGM starring role and gets offto a good start. This film is a well acted entertaining suspensewith a mature theme that would be repeated a million times morein the future - innocent girl stalked creepy woman hater. Estherlooks great and if she wanted to, probably could have gone on todo more and better films but according to her autobiography, pretty much gave up working for marriage. Either way she is solikable and engaging that its fun to see her in a totally different roleoutside of the 'swimming musical'. Universal was fabulous formaking films with former MGM stars after that studio begandropping its biggest names as it began to slide down hill. Starslike Lana Turner, June Allyson and others got to make quality firstrate films at Universal as they obviously still had drawing power atthe box office. I wish Esther had made more but since she didnt, itmakes this one all the more special.	1
19293	"Who can watch a movie, look at Lucy Liu and not be overjoyed. That woman is amazingly beautiful & a talented actress. That's a tough combination to find now a days. And Jeremy Northam. i heard his name plenty of times, but i never really noticed him. My advice to Hollywood is : ""use him more"".now about the movie: I watched it in one of my graveyard shift. I don't recommend that to anyone. It's a bit to complicated & mysterious for that. i still can't believe i didn't see the ending coming. I'm not gonna say what cause that'll spoil the hole movie. although saying this is spoilment enough.now i'm suppose to cast my vote about this movie. I love the dark mystic story, the actors did a good job & i love the directors (natali) work in the past. There's not a big audience for this kind of thing, that's also pretty risky. you know what, i'm just gonna give this work a 8 cause everybody should see this. Then again, 1 point deduction cause there is always space for improvement."	1	"Who can watch a movie, look at Lucy Liu and not be ill. That woman is amazingly gross & an inept actress. That's a tough combination to find now a days. And Jeremy Northam. i heard his name plenty of times, but i never really noticed him. My advice to Hollywood is : ""never use him more"".now about the movie: I watched it in one of my graveyard shift. I don't recommend that to anyone. It's a bit to complicated & mysterious for that. i still can't believe i didn't see the ending coming. I'm not gonna say what cause that'll spoil the hole movie. although saying this is spoilment enough.now i'm suppose to cast my vote about this movie. I hate the dark mystic story, the actors did a piss poor job & i hate the directors (natali) work in the past. There's not a big audience for this kind of thing, that's also pretty risky. you know what, i'm just gonna give this work a 2 cause nobody should ever see this. Then again, 1 point deduction cause there is always space for improvement."	0
19295	I despised this film, at first the slick graphics seemed great with the grainy footage but I quickly got bored. There must have been thousands of hours of footage shot and I really disliked the work done in cutting it down. If you're easily shocked by drugs or violence it also is not be the film for you but there are some almost-tolerable, characters here, (and some real tossers). Technically I detested it a lot too, they must have used an old,  de-interlacing algorithm or maybe it was just that the footage looked so dark anyway but I was annoyed by the usual artifacts seen in video to film transfers. (Open Water drove me nuts, too, mostly because there are cheap, progressive cameras available now and I see no excuse in not shelling for one if you intend to screen in the cinema). Sorry that's my own little rant. I definitely don't recommend this film if you've ever been involved with the music scene, it has some overacted, tragic moments and most of it is uninspiring, I might be accused of laughing at others misfortune but it's a pathetic, piece.	0	I loved this film, at first the slick graphics seemed odd with the grainy footage but I quickly got into it. There must have been thousands of hours of footage shot and I really admire the work done in cutting it down. If you're easily shocked by drugs or violence it might not be the film for you but there are some great characters here, (and some real tossers). Technically I liked it a lot too, they must have used a new de-interlacing algorithm or maybe it was just that the footage looked so dark anyway but I wasn't annoyed by the usual artifacts seen in video to film transfers. (Open Water drove me nuts, mostly because there are cheap, progressive cameras available now and I see no excuse in not shelling for one if you intend to screen in the cinema). Sorry that's my own little rant. I definitely recommend this film if you've ever been involved with the music scene, it has some tragic moments but most of it is hilarious, I might be accused of laughing at others misfortune but it's a classic piece.	1
19298	Lauren Bacall was living through husband Humprey Bogarts illness & death when she did this film. Rock Hudson was near the top of his 1950's stardom. Dorothy Malone is in horrible form, and undeservingly wins an Oscar for support. Robert Stack is nominated & falls just short for his role.The story is a little soapy from another time and not as worthwhile like most dramas. Amazing how well drunks can drive in this film & also how quickly Stack sobers up in a couple of the films early sequences.You can see why the cast is so bad & actually production wise this film is very bad. You can tell Bacall is distracted during this film as while her acting is fine, she looks emotionally drained in some sequences.The sexual references in this film are so mild, that many of today's young viewers would not realize what they are. Film does a poor job telling a story & actually leaves a sequel to be made at the end though none ever was made- though Written Beyond THe Wind would be a good title.	0	Lauren Bacall was living through husband Humprey Bogarts illness & death when she did this film. Rock Hudson was near the top of his 1950's stardom. Dorothy Malone is in excellent form, and wins an Oscar for support. Robert Stack is nominated & falls just short for his role.The story is a little soapy from another time but just as worthwhile as most dramas. Amazing how well drunks can drive in this film & also how quickly Stack sobers up in a couple of the films early sequences.You can see why the cast is so good & actually production wise this film is very good. You can tell Bacall is distracted during this film as while her acting is fine, she looks emotionally drained in some sequences.The sexual references in this film are so mild, that many of today's young viewers would not realize what they are. Film does a good job telling a story & actually leaves a sequel to be made at the end though none ever was made- though Written Beyond THe Wind would be a good title.	1
19299	I saw this film back at the 2005 Palm Springs International Film Festival and of the 14 films I saw there I would rank this as my #14 film. I had an initial interest in seeing this being of Swedish descent myself with many of my ancestors coming from the Norrland region of Sweden where this was filmed. Also I grew up in an area of rural north woods America where many small towns were much like the setting of this film. It's nice to see more films using rural locations as their settings like S som i himmelen. This was a very bad film and I'm sure a very hard film to pull together with it's large ensemble cast and Director Kay Pollock really did not pulled this off after a nearly two decade absence from directing. Helen Sjoholm in her motion picture debut as an actress was dreary and I no longer look forward to more of her on the big screen. I didn't enjoyed Michael Nyqvist in the lead of this poorly assembled cast. I would definitely not recommend this film and rate it a 0 on a scale of 10.	0	I saw this film back at the 2005 Palm Springs International Film Festival and of the 14 films I saw there I would rank this as my #3 film. I had an initial interest in seeing this being of Swedish descent myself with many of my ancestors coming from the Norrland region of Sweden where this was filmed. Also I grew up in an area of rural north woods America where many small towns were much like the setting of this film. It's nice to see more films using rural locations as their settings like S som i himmelen. This was a very good film and I'm sure a very hard film to pull together with it's large ensemble cast but Director Kay Pollock really pulled this off after a nearly two decade absence from directing. Helen Sjoholm in her motion picture debut as an actress was fantastic and I would look forward to more of her on the big screen. I enjoyed Michael Nyqvist in the lead of this well-rounded cast. I would highly recommend this film and rate it a 9.0 on a scale of 10.	1
19300	"Musings: Pure delight from beginning to end. Not a laugh riot, but a more subtle, sophisticated humor. What a goldmine of great scenes and character actors, including Reginald Denny, Nestor Paiva, Ian Wolfe, Harry Shannon and Jason Robards Sr.. Cary Grant is at the building sight of his new home, which is at that point, being framed. A young carpenter, played by future Tarzan Lex Barker, asks him if he wants his ""lallies to be rabbeted"", or some such thing that only a carpenter would know. Grant, not wanting to appear ignorant, replies in the affirmative. At that, Barker yells up to his mates, ""OK boys, he wants 'em rabbeted, so....YANK 'EM OUT!"" A second later you hear the ripping and tearing sounds of about 20 big nails being pulled out of various boards. All Grant can do is moan.Yes, the movie IS dated. You'd never see that many carpenters working at once on a single family home, and a place like that, in Connecticut of all places, would probably run a few million bucks.A classic movie that is really a treasure."	1	"Musings: Pure garbage from beginning to end. Not a laugh riot; in fact, not a laugh to be had. What a load of cliche scenes and awful character actors, including Reginald Denny, Nestor Paiva, Ian Wolfe, Harry Shannon and Jason Robards Sr.Cary Grant is at the building sight of his new home, which is at that point, being framed. A young carpenter, played by future Tarzan Lex Barker, asks him if he wants his ""lallies to be rabbeted"", or some such thing that only a carpenter would know. Grant, not wanting to appear ignorant, replies in the affirmative. At that, Barker yells up to his mates, ""OK boys, he wants 'em rabbeted, so....YANK 'EM OUT!"" A second later you hear the ripping and tearing sounds of about 20 big nails being pulled out of various boards. All Grant can do is moan.Yes, the movie IS dated. You'd never see that many carpenters working at once on a single family home, and a place like that, in Connecticut of all places, would probably run a few million bucks.A classic movie that is really didn't age well."	0
19303	I'll come clean. The only reason I even found out about this DVD was because Dominic Monaghan is a favorite actor of mine. When I heard the title of the film, I thought it was going to be...different, perhaps in not such a good way.But I was wrong. After reading what few reviews were out there about this short, I was actually excited about seeing it. I sent off for my copy as soon as able and received it a few weeks later. Needless to say, I was not disappointed.The film follows Jack, a insomniac who is often plagued by conditions which causes him to doubt what is reality, and what is all in his head. I won't give away what happens, but I will tell you that the film can sometimes be frightening in it's realism.The directing is fantastic, focusing on what is essential to the story without allowing it to lose any entertainment or thought-provoking moments.All in all, I give this great film 9 out of 10, for going far beyond what I thought any short could achieve.	1	I'll come clean. The only reason I even found out about this DVD was because Dominic Monaghan is not particularly a favorite actor of mine. When I heard the title of the film, I thought it was going to be...different, perhaps in not such a good way.And I was right. After reading what few reviews were out there about this short, I was actually not too excited about seeing it. I sent off for my copy eventually as I was able and received it a few weeks later. Needless to say, I was extremely disappointed.The film follows Jack, a insomniac who is often plagued by conditions which causes him to doubt what is reality, and what is all in his head. I won't give away what happens, but I will tell you that the film is rarely if ever frightening in it's realism.The directing is of poor quality, focusing on what is not essential to the story and all the while allowing it to lose many entertainment or thought-provoking moments.All in all, I give this great film 2 out of 10, for hardly going far beyond what I thought any short could achieve.	0
19306	One of the finest pieces of television drama of the last decade. Throughout the five hours, ones perceptions and sympathies are constantly challenged as it explores many facets of modern day British society. David Morrisey is, as usual, brilliant. At first coming across as a heavy handed copper in conflict with the heroine, but then proving to be intelligent and caring, as he works with her in uncovering the truth. I have never seen Surrane Jones before. I believe she comes from the world of television soaps. Her performance was magnificent, as she maintains her humour and composure whilst trying to balance the demands of the case and the stress of caring for her mother. I could go on and talk about every member of the cast who contributes to this magnificent drama, but their efforts would mean little without such an absorbing script that constantly challenges your assumptions about any of the characters. It is programmes like this that restore one's faith in television drama, whilst at the same time making it almost impossible to settle for most of the garbage that is increasingly filling the airwaves.	1	One of the worst pieces of television drama of the last decade. Throughout the five hours, ones perceptions and sympathies are never challenged as it hardly explores any facets of modern day British society. David Morrisey is, as usual, awful. At first coming across as a heavy handed copper in conflict with the heroine, but then proving to be intelligent and caring, as he works with her in uncovering the truth. I have never seen Surrane Jones before. I believe she comes from the world of television soaps. Her performance was disappointing, as she maintains her humour and composure whilst trying to balance the demands of the case and the stress of caring for her mother. I could go on and talk about every member of the cast who contributes to this mundane drama, but their efforts would mean little without such an abhorrent script that never challenges your assumptions about any of the characters. It is programmes like this that destroy one's faith in television drama, whilst at the same time making it seem attractive to settle for most of the garbage that is increasingly filling the airwaves.	0
19307	"If you have seen Dogtown and Z-Boys or have any interest in seeing the real, non-caricatured, ""Real American"" side of America then Riding Giants will not hit as deeply than anything you've seen before.This film is ""unreal"", a facile term if ever there was one, but hugely appropriate if you can derive any form of literal meaning out of it - it is a 100% factual documentary, but with all the labored, drama of an opera, and the completely apparent lack of love, expert and knowing usually instilled by Stacy Peralta's direction and narration, this film amateurishly, leads you from swell to big wave while avoiding keeping you completely enthralled in everything you are  seeing.This film is an inadequate symphony, crafted nowhere as well as Beethovens 9th, beginning plainly with its prelude in Hawaii, attempting to tug on human emotion in Santa Cruz and finishing with an overdone uproar, triumph and crescendo in Laird Hamiltons feats, again in Hawaii.Unlike classical music; like Beethoven's 9th, Ride of the Valkyries or Barbers Adagio for Strings, this will not be the piece you like, and it's not worth it. Trust me."	0	"If you have seen Dogtown and Z-Boys or have any interest in seeing the real, non-caricature, ""Real American"" side of America then Riding Giants will hit deeper than anything you've seen before.This film is ""unreal"", a facile term if ever there was one, but hugely appropriate if you can derive any form of literal meaning out of it - it is a 100% factual documentary, but with all the drama of an opera, and the completely apparent sense of love, expert and knowing instilled by Stacy Peralta's direction and narration, this film expertly leads you from swell to big wave while keeping you completely enthralled in everything you are being given the privilege of seeing.This film is a symphony, crafted as well as Beethovens 9th, beginning beautifully with its prelude in Hawaii, tugging deeply on human emotion in Santa Cruz and finishing with uproar, triumph and crescendo in Laird Hamiltons feats, again in Hawaii.Like classical music; like Beethoven's 9th, Ride of the Valkyries or Barbers Adagio for Strings, this may be the only piece you like, but it's worth it. Trust me."	1
19308	Life Pod is one of those movies that you just watch and try not to analyze too hard. The acting is rather amateurish, at best. The special effects are obviously low budget, but not too bad. The story line is rather stock, but with an interesting twist. Computer run amok, but not exactly a computer and the running amok is very understandable when the truth is revealed. Still the movie has its moments and is quite watchable. For me, at least part of the allure of this movie is the prominent role of Kristine DeBell. She may not be the greatest actress in the world, but having been a former playmate of the month, she is cute enough. In all Life Pod is much like other low-budget Sci-Fi movies of the 1980s and somewhat predictable.The White Star Lines bit is cute, if completely inaccurate. The last of the White Star Lines Company stock was purchased by the Cunard Lines 1947 and the last ship to sail under the White Star colors was the Britannic (not the sister of Titanic) which was sold for scrap in 1960.	1	Life Pod is one of those movies that you just watch and try not to analyze too hard. The acting is rather amateurish, at best. The special effects are obviously low budget, very bad. The story line is rather stock, with no interesting twist. Computer run amok, but not exactly a computer and the running amok is very understandable when the truth is revealed. Still the movie doesn't have its moments and is quite unwatchable. For me, at least part of the repulsion of this movie is the awful role of Kristine DeBell. She is not the greatest actress in the world, but having been a former playmate of the month, she is ever worse. In all Life Pod is much like other low-budget Sci-Fi movies of the 1980s and somewhat predictable.The White Star Lines bit is bad, if completely inaccurate. The last of the White Star Lines Company stock was purchased by the Cunard Lines 1947 and the last ship to sail under the White Star colors was the Britannic (not the sister of Titanic) which was sold for scrap in 1960.	0
19310	Savaged when it came out, this film now looks handsome and sounds great. A feast of intelligent thoughtful acting, from Gielgud, Kenneth Haigh, Harry Andrews and especially Anton Walbrook,and a moving central performance from the beautiful and incredibly young Jean Seberg. Preminger doesn't jump around and show off- his long slow takes encourage you to listen and reflect, and Graham Greene's script condenses Shaw without sacrificing complexity.The piece has the look of a made for TV movie, and is certainly studio bound but none the worse for that. Too many contemporary movies on 'historical' themes cannot resist dumbing down. What would Mel Gibson have made of the Maid? Many drooling shots of her on the rack probably, then crisping up on the BBQ as the flames take hold. Preminger does none of this. The burning is shown mainly through a guilt-stricken reaction. There are a few weak performances, but not enough to cause any serious damage. I caught this movie on TV and was not expecting to watch it through, but I was gripped . In our age of religious fundamentalism and sacrifice, Joan's story has unexpected resonance.	1	Savaged when it came out, this film still looks unattractive and sounds worse. A feast of unintelligent thoughtless acting, from Gielgud, Kenneth Haigh, Harry Andrews and especially Anton Walbrook,and a static central performance from the beautiful but incredibly untalented Jean Seberg. Preminger doesn't jump around and show off. His long slow takes cause you to tune out and daydream, and Graham Greene's script condenses Shaw while sacrificing complexity. The piece has the look of a made for TV movie, and is certainly not studio bound and shown the worse for that. Too many contemporary movies on 'historical' themes cannot resist dumbing down. What else would Preminger have made of the Maid? Many drooling shots of her on the rack tortuously, then crisping up on the BBQ as the flames take hold. Preminger does all of this. The burning is shown mainly through a guilt-stricken reaction. There are many weak performances, quite enough to cause serious damage. I caught this movie on TV and was not expecting to watch it through, but I was bored. In our age of religious fundamentalism and sacrifice, Joan's story is unexpectedly lightweight.	0
19321	I went into The Straight Story expecting a sad/happy type drama with nice direction and some good acting. These I didn't get. What I wasn't expecting was an allegory for the trials of human existence. Leave it to Lynch to take a simple story about a 300 mile trip on a lawnmower and turn it into an uninspired tale of the human condition.If you didn't notice, don't watch it again, pay no attention to the ages of the people Alvin meets, the terrain he's driving through, the reactions people give him, the kinds of discussions he has (one of the first is about pregnancy and children, one of the last is outside of a cemetery). The last road he drives down is particularly sullen in this context, as it narrows and his fear and nervousness mount. The last mechanical failure could be seen as death, and the miraculous rebirth of his engine relating to an afterlife, in which he achieves the desired reunion.I agree with the people who branded this as a slow sappy melodrama.	0	I went into The Straight Story expecting a sad/happy type drama with nice direction and some good acting. These I got. What I wasn't expecting was an allegory for the trials of human existence. Leave it to Lynch to take a simple story about a 300 mile trip on a lawnmower and turn it into a microcosm for the human condition.If you didn't notice, watch it again, paying attention to the ages of the people Alvin meets, the terrain he's driving through, the reactions people give him, the kinds of discussions he has (one of the first is about pregnancy and children, one of the last is outside of a cemetery). The last road he drives down is particulary haunting in this context, as it narrows and his fear and nervousness mount. The last mechanical failure could be seen as a death, and the miraculous rebirth of his engine relating to an afterlife, in which he achieves the desired reunion.I only hope some of the people who branded this as a slow sappy melodrama take the time to watch with a more holistic attention.	1
19339	I watched 'Speak Easily' one night and thought it was o.k., but missing something. Maybe Buster Keaton strangely speaking threw me off, or the labored line delivery of a leading lady. The next day I kept thinking about the movie, though. I couldn't get Durante's song out of my head, I kept trying to better remember Thelma Todd's first scene, I considered that maybe Keaton did do some funny falls and physical comedy. The next night I watched a scene with Thelma Todd as a conniving chorus girl trying to impress Buster and Jimmy with her sex appeal. A very funny scene, the actors excellent, their faces, their eyes, their silly expressions. So I watched another scene, their show is opening on Broadway. Buster in his blissful innocence botches every act. Again, I was laughing out loud, appreciating Keaton's clowning and tumbling. So the next night I watched the whole movie again, and this time I see it for the first time: It's Stupendous! It's Sensational! It's Sublime! Three great comedians! Todd dances! Durante sings! Keaton speaks! Sure it ain't poifect...but there's a lot of laughs in this picture.	1	I watched 'Speak Easily' one night and thought it was awful, and missing something. Maybe Buster Keaton strangely speaking threw me off, or the labored line delivery of a leading lady. The next day I kept thinking about the movie. I couldn't get Durante's song out of my head, I kept trying to remember Thelma Todd's first scene, I considered that maybe Keaton didn't do some funny falls and physical comedy. The next night I watched a scene with Thelma Todd as a conniving chorus girl trying to impress Buster and Jimmy with her sex appeal. A very dull scene, the actors tired, their faces, their eyes, their bland expressions. So I watched another scene, their show is opening on Broadway. Buster in his blissful innocence botches every act. Again, I was groaning out loud, bored with  Keaton's clowning and tumbling. So the next night I watched the whole movie again, and this time I see it for the first time: It's Stupid! It's Awful! It's Irritating! Three terrible comedians! Todd dances! Durante sings! Keaton speaks! Sure it ain't poifect...and there are no laughs in this picture.	0
19378	I saw this film about twenty years ago on the late show. I still vividly remember the film, especially the performance of Robert Taylor. I always thought Taylor was underrated as an actor as most critics saw him as solid, almost dull leading man type, and women simply loved to watch his films because of his looks. This film, however, proved what an interesting actor he could be. He did not get enough roles like this during his long career. This is his best performance. He is totally believable in a truly villainous role. From what I have read, he was a very hardworking and easy going guy in real life and never fought enough for these kind of roles. He basically would just do what MGM gave him. This film proves that he could have handled more diverse and difficult roles. The other thing I remember about this film is how annoying Lloyd Nolan's character was. Nolan was a great actor, but this character really aggravated me. The last scene of the film has stuck with me for all of these years. This film is definitely worth a look.	1	I saw this film about twenty years ago on the late show. I still vividly remember the film, especially the performance of Robert Taylor. I always thought Taylor was underrated as an actor as most critics saw him as solid, almost dull leading man type, and women simply loved to watch his films because of his looks. This film proved what an uninteresting actor he could be. He got more than enough roles like this during his long career. This is his worst performance. He is totally not believable in a truly villainous role. From what I have read, he was a very hardworking and easy going guy in real life and never fought enough for these kind of roles. He basically would just do what MGM gave him. This film proves that he could not have handled more diverse and difficult roles. The other thing I remember about this film is how annoying Lloyd Nolan's character was. Nolan was a  actor, but this character really aggravated me. The last scene of the film has stuck with me for all of these years. This film is definitely not worth a look.	0
19384	"I hate old Burt Reynolds movies. They're inferior to every other movie imaginable. They might as well have stopped making movies after ""Cannonball Run 2"", but I guess how could they have known that there weren't going to be any more good ones? Man this movie's bad. Burt Reynolds has to dress up like a chicken and drive around in a racecar a lot, and the luxuriant Loni Anderson is on hand, looking extremely hot in an eightiesly way. Burt and Loni, those were the days! I used to have this magazine that had Loni Anderson in it advertising for a vaccuum cleaner. I sure loved that advertisement! Plus there's this one part in the movie where the audience at the racetrack is upset at something Stroker Ace (Burty R.) is doing, and it shows one guy in the audience bending over and sticking his finger up his butt to display his disappointment! I puked so hard I almost passed away into the night! If you can find this movie, destroy it! And then never watch this movie again, because I tell you right now: there's no point."	0	"I love old Burt Reynolds movies. They're funnier and better than every other movie combined. They might as well have stopped making movies after ""Cannonball Run 2"", but I guess how could they have known that there weren't going to be any more good ones? Man this movie's good. Burt Reynolds has to dress up like a chicken and drive around in a racecar a lot, and the luxuriant Loni Anderson is on hand, looking extremely hot in an eightiesly way. Burt and Loni, those were the days! I used to have this magazine that had Loni Anderson in it advertising for a vaccuum cleaner. I sure loved that advertisement! Plus there's this one part in the movie where the audience at the racetrack is upset at something Stroker Ace (Burty R.) is doing, and it shows one guy in the audience bending over and sticking his finger up his butt to display his disappointment! I laughed so hard I almost passed away into the night! If you can find this movie, rent it! And then never watch another movie again, because I tell you right now: there's no point."	1
19417	When I first saw this film on cable, it instantly became one of my least favorite movies. I'm not a big fan of James Earl Jones and Robert Duvall. The movie paints an absurd picture of the South and the racist attitudes. Most of the attitudes came from Soll, an old plantation owner who uses convicts for labor. Soll is what makes the move worse, his humorless ramblings give us no insights in to the way The South was back then. I suppose that if Soll lived today he would be diagnosed with Alzheimer's Disease. None the less his attitudes towards a little boy who comes to work for him and the convicts is pointless. While he has racist views, he's grown to trust some of the convicts who are all black. The two convicts he trusts most are Jackson(Mel Winkler) and Ben(James Earl Jones). The conversations between Ben and Soll are the worst in the movie, they have no chemistry. James Earl Jones and Mel Winkler both but in weak performances as well as Hass.This movie should not have gotten any notoriety. However it's on DVD and not worth the money.Rayvyn	0	When I first saw this film on cable, it instantly became one of my favorite movies. I'm a big fan of James Earl Jones and Robert Duvall. The movie paints an accurate picture of the South and the racist attitudes. Most of the attitudes came from Soll, an old plantation owner who uses convicts for labor. Soll is what makes the move, his funny ramblings give us insights in to the way The South was back then. I suppose that if Soll lived today he would be diagnosed with Alzheimer's Disease. None the less his attitudes towards a little boy who comes to work for him and the convicts is complex. While he has racist views, he's grown to trust some of the convicts who are all black. The two convicts he trusts most are Jackson(Mel Winkler) and Ben(James Earl Jones). The conversations between Ben and Soll are the best in the movie, they have real chemistry. James Earl Jones and Mel Winkler both but in great performances as well as Hass.This movie should have gotten more notoriety. However it's on DVD and worth the money.Rayvyn	1
19422	For Romance's sake, as a married man. The following two films are not recommended.1. Brief Encounter by David Lean (1945), UKWell, when a woman goes to a railway station, something may happen. And it happened! How she longed to be there, in a little tavern waiting for the man of her dreams. But she was married... the man was a stranger to the fantasizing woman2. Xiao Cheng Zhi Chun by Fei Mu (1948), ChinaWell, when a woman goes to the market to buy fish, grocery and medicine, passing through the ruins of an ancient wall in a small town, there is not much to think about, about the melancholy of her life, her sick husband in self-pity and lack of future...Just when a jubilant young doctor arrived, something happened... the doctor was a high school honey of the fantasizing womanIn both movies, from mediocre directors of UK and China, the passion vs restraint was so over-wrought, yet in the end the intimate feelings had not developed into any physical contacts. That leaves you with a sour after-taste, sniffing it intensely without biting it.	0	For Romance's sake, as a married man. The following two films are recommended.1. Brief Encounter by David Lean (1945), UKWell, when a woman goes to a railway station, something may happen. And it happened! How she longed to be there, in a little tavern waiting for the man of her dreams. But she was married... the man was a stranger to the fantasizing woman2. Xiao Cheng Zhi Chun by Fei Mu (1948), ChinaWell, when a woman goes to the market to buy fish, grocery and medicine, passing through the ruins of an ancient wall in a small town, there is much to think about, about the melancholy of her life, her sick husband in self-pity and lack of future...Just when a jubilant young doctor arrived, something happened... the doctor was a high school honey of the fantasizing womanIn both movies, from great directors of UK and China, the passion vs restraint was so intense, yet in the end the intimate feelings had not developed into any physical contacts. That leaves you with a great after-taste, sniffing it intensely without biting it.	1
19432	"I finally got myself set up on mail order DVD rental so I could find movies not available to me in the stores. I chose The Souler Opposite because I love Christopher Meloni, and also like small, often ignored films.This one is such a treat! Meloni has such charm in this part. It's easy to pigeon hole him is you only ever see him as his alter ego Elliot Stabler (LOSVU). In this film, Meloni is an out of step unattached mid-lifer who is hitting the skids in many ways, only to find a path to happiness in someone unexpected.The relationship drawn between Barry (Meloni) and Tim Busfield's character is realistic and not over done. I haven't seen Busfield since 30something, and he was fun to watch. But it was all Chris' film. I became such a fan girl all over again.It is a bit slow in the beginning, I will admit. I thought some of the ""flashbacks"" could have been edited down. But overall, this film will delight you - male or female - as it has an honest, refreshing view of relationships today."	1	"I finally got myself set up on mail order DVD rental so I could find movies not available to me in the stores. I chose The Souler Opposite because I love Christopher Meloni, and also like small, often ignored films. This one missed the mark by a long shot. Meloni has such charm in this part. It's easy to pigeon hole him is you only ever see him as his alter ego Elliot Stabler (LOSVU). In this film, Meloni is an out of step unattached mid-lifer who is hitting the skids in many ways, only to find a path to happiness in someone unexpected. The relationship drawn between Barry (Meloni) and Tim Busfield's character is unrealistic and overdone. I haven't seen Busfield since 30something, and he just wasn't fun to watch. But it was all Chris' film. I am no longer a fan girl all over again. It is so slow in the beginning, I will admit. I thought some of the ""flashbacks"" could have been edited down. Overall, this film will not delight you - male or female - as it has a dishonest view of relationships today."	0
19445	Creature Comforts in America should have been released on a different network, or at least been given the chance to have its full run of episodes. Unfortunately, this was not the case. Given that American audiences (seemingly) have the attention spans of a gnat when it comes to the humor that does not consist of profanity laced diatribes, or has a preoccupation with scatological functions (both sound and smells), shows like this will be few and far between. One of the main problems was that however brilliant it was, it was made for a rarefied audience who knew what to expect but was viewed by an audience and board rooms that did not have a clue at to what they were watching. Which is sad, but not unexpected. I would have liked to have seen at least three more seasons of this show even if it was produced for direct DVD release. The material and the interactions between the creatures were rich with sub context and there were other conversations just waiting to be had under the surface. But thanks to Political Correctness, such conversations take place only in my mind.	1	Creature Comforts in America should maybe have been released on a different network, but it should never have been given the chance to have its full run of episodes. Unfortunately, this was not the case. Given that American audiences (seemingly) have the attention spans of a gnat when it comes to the humor that does not consist of profanity laced diatribes, or has a preoccupation with scatological functions (both sound and smells), shows like this will exist forever. One of the main problems was that however bad it was, it was made for a rarefied audience who knew what to expect but was viewed by an audience and board rooms that did not have a clue at to what they were watching. Which is sad, but not unexpected. I would have liked to have seen at least three more seasons of this show even if it was produced for direct DVD release. The material and the interactions between the creatures were rich with sub context and there were other conversations just waiting to be had under the surface. But thanks to Political Correctness, such conversations take place only in my mind.	0
19467	This was a wonderfully clever and entertaining movie that I shall never tire of watching many, many times. The casting was magnificent in matching up the young with the older characters. There are those of us out here who really do appreciate good actors and an intelligent story format. As for Judi Dench, she is beautiful and a gift to any kind of production in which she stars. I always make a point to see Judi Dench in all her performances. She is a superb actress and a pleasure to watch as each transformation of her character comes to life. I can only be grateful when I see such an outstanding picture for most of the motion pictures made more recently lack good characters, good scripts and good acting. The movie public needs heroes, not deviant manikins, who lack ingenuity and talent. How wonderful to see old favorites like Leslie Caron, Olympia Dukakis and Cleo Laine. I would like to see this movie win the awards it deserves. Thank you again for a tremendous night of entertainment. I congratulate the writer, director, producer, and all those who did such a fine job.	1	This was a boring and dull movie that I could never watch again. The casting was bad in matching up the young with the older characters. There are those of us out here who really do appreciate good actors and an intelligent story format. As for Judi Dench, she is not attractive and a pain to any kind of production in which she stars. I always make a point to see Judi fail in all her performances. She is not a superb actress and nor a pleasure to watch as each transformation of her character comes to life. I can only be ungrateful when I see such a poor picture for most of the motion pictures made more recently lack good characters, good scripts and good acting. The movie public needs heroes, not deviant manikins, who lack ingenuity and talent. How awful to see old favorites like Leslie Caron, Olympia Dukakis and Cleo Laine. I wouldn't like to see this movie win the awards it doesn't deserves. Thank you again for a wasted night of entertainment. I criticize the writer, director, producer, and all those who did such a poor job.	0
19481	Emma is a true romance. If you love the soppy stuff, charged with wit and folly, you will love this movie! Its true to the novel, which is very important, with a few twists added for pleasure. Gwen is not one of my fave actreesess but she does justice to a role that required everything that she had to offer in spades. She shines in a role i think no other actress could have done proper justice to. Jeremy Northam, as the hero. how shocked are you? I never looked upon him as overtly handsome but heck! What the right role can do for you! He looks so good as the sensible, regal Mr. K, that i am literally looking at him in a new light. He makes and excellent romantic lead. The charm and character that he brings to his role is wonderful!Ewan McGregor, Greta Sacchi brings in the rest. a good cast. A good movie. If you are a fan of Jane Austen, see this movie, along with Pride and Prejudice - AND MOST IMPORTANTLY, buy the books. It enhances the movie to heights that are extraordinary	1	Emma is a truly  un-romantic. If you love romantic stuff, charged with wit and folly, you will hate this movie! Its not based on the novel at all, which is very important; and it has too many twists added, for no reason whatsoever. Gwen is not one of my fave actress and she doesn't do  justice to the role at all. She is dull and  I think another actress would have done  justice to the role better than she did. Jeremy Northam, as the hero? Did that make any sense? I never looked at him as overly handsome and I was right, he isn't! What the wrong role can do for you! He looks horrible, trying to act as the sensible and regal Mr. K, and I am literally looking at him in total confusion. He makes a horrible romantic lead. There is no charm or character brought to his role!Ewan McGregor, Greta Sacchi make it worst, a bad cast . A bad movie overall and if you are a fan of Jane Austen, don't see this movie - AND MOST IMPORTANTLY, read the book instead. It is way better than this movie.	0
19501	Here's another film that doesn't really need much of a recommendation. It's a classic comedy, very funny and entertaining and which, of course, ultimately inspired a successful television series which many would say was even better (I enjoy both, personally). For some, it's hard to warm up to Jack Lemmon and Walter Matthau as Felix Unger and Oscar Madison when they were were weaned on the TV show starring Tony Randall and Jack Klugman (or perhaps vice versa). But what we've got there in both cases are four good actors who in real life seemed so much like their film counterparts that they managed to make these characterizations their own. It's Neil Simon's humorous material that's key, and where the laughs really originate from.For those who have somehow never heard of THE ODD COUPLE, it's the story of a neurotic and fussy neat-freak (Lemmon) who is thrown out of a 12-year marriage by his long-suffering wife and takes up residence in the Manhattan apartment of his sloppy and totally irresponsible buddy (Matthau). Pitting these two unlikely roommates together within the same four walls makes for some hugely funny predicaments.	1	Here's another film that doesn't really need much of a recommendation. It's a  comedy, but not very funny or entertaining and which, of course, ultimately ruined a  television series which many would say was even worse (I hated both, personally). For some, it's hard to warm up to Jack Lemmon and Walter Matthau as Felix Unger and Oscar Madison when they were were weaned on the TV show starring Tony Randall and Jack Klugman (or perhaps vice versa). But what we've got there in both cases are four mediocre actors who in real life don't seemed  much like their film counterparts that they don't managed to make these characterizations their own. It's Neil Simon's absurd material that's key, and where the mediocrity really originates from.For those who have somehow never heard of THE ODD COUPLE, it's the story of a neurotic and fussy neat-freak (Lemmon) who is thrown out of a 12-year marriage by his long-suffering wife and takes up residence in the Manhattan apartment of his sloppy and totally irresponsible buddy (Matthau). Pitting these two unlikely roommates together within the same four walls makes for some hugely tiring predicaments.	0
19505	"Ok, at the beginning it looked like ""Shrek"" - the loner that is persistently followed by the comic relief. Then it evolves into something really boring, as the gauntlet is set. And the result is a boring movie, which has moments that I agree that are a little too dramatic for kids to watch (Manny's past, for example). The premise has been obviously worked for a long time, so that they can suceed in making a movie set with almost no different sets (only ice caps and rocks), and three characters. It's a good thing to know that they failed in doing something emotional out of it. As I said, it can be tear-jerking at some times, so, kids, be warned. The real letdown is the animation. This wasn't so souped up like the toy story movies or shrek, and it shows. The humans are unrealistic, and we have seen better examples of CGI before. But don't let this stain the record: as a solo effort, ""Ice Age"" is awful. And it will gather zero fans, I have no doubt. Oh and yes, the moments with that small mouse are worthless, and boring."	0	"Ok, at the beginning it looked like ""Shrek"" - the loner that is persistently followed by the comic relief. Then it evolves into something really compelling, as the gauntlet is set. And the result is an enjoyable movie, which has moments that I agree that are a little too dramatic for kids to watch (Manny's past, for example). The premise has been obviously worked for a long time, so that they can suceed in making a movie set with almost no different sets (only ice caps and rocks), and three characters. It's a good thing to know that they succeed in doing something emotional out of it. As I said, it can be tear-jerking at some times, so, kids, be warned. The real letdown is the animation. This wasn't so souped up like the toy story movies or shrek, and it shows. The humans are unrealistic, and we have seen better examples of CGI before. But don't let this stain the record: as a solo effort, ""Ice Age"" is commendable. And it will gather many fans, I have no doubt. Oh and yes, the moments with that small mouse are priceless, and show-stealing."	1
19521	Probably the first Portuguese film I have seen in my life, and I enjoyed it. The plot is related of how the young army officers took the power in Portugal in 1974, to finally defeat the fascist government of Caetano and to also finalize the wars in the colonies, i.e. Mozambique, Angola, and Guinea (Bissau)- Cape Vert. Most of the events shown in the film reflect with exactitude the behavior of the army officers and soldiers to conduct the coup, of the oppressed people, who were very happy with this new development and the liberty, the resistance of Caetano's men, and also in a subtle way of most conservative officials, including Spinola, who took over as the new president. The Portuguese revolution can be remembered because of the action of several young officers, but for me the most interesting part of the film was when the young captain expressed that Portugal should develop itself democratically, and this is what the country achieved some years after this coup or revolution. The film also shows that the army officers and soldiers never wanted to kill anyone; even the most serious enemies were respected at the end.	1	Probably the first Portuguese film I have seen in my life, and I did not enjoy it. The plot is related of how the young army officers took the power in Portugal in 1974, to finally defeat the fascist government of Caetano and to also finalize the wars in the colonies, i.e. Mozambique, Angola, and Guinea (Bissau)- Cape Vert. Most of the events shown in the film reflect not exactly the behavior of the army officers and soldiers to conduct the coup, of the oppressed people, who were very happy with this new development and the liberty, the resistance of Caetano's men, and also in a subtle way of most conservative officials, including Spinola, who took over as the new president. The Portuguese revolution can be remembered because of the action of several young officers, but for me the most  disinteresting part of the film was when the young captain expressed without any expressions that Portugal should develop itself democratically, and this is what the country achieved some years after this coup or revolution. The film also shows that the army officers and soldiers never wanted to kill anyone; even the most serious enemies were respected at the end.	0
19527	"This film is very boring. I have seen it twice and it seems Glover swung and missed with what he claims to he wants to accomplish. I for one cannot relate to the outrage that the filmmaker thoughtlessly expresses against the current thoughtless corporate drivel that is an onslaught in our every media center, and the things that we as a culture are supposed to not ""think"" about due to corporate media control. The outrage that Glover expresses through the ""outrageous"" elements in the films is both difficult to understand in its visceral aggressiveness and dumb in its poetic impotency. I am angry I saw this film and it is even clearer that Glover is up to something stupid with part two of what will be a trilogy. It is terrible! EVERYTHING IS TERRIBLE. See that also. People that dismiss this film as ""thoughtless"" or ""pretentious"" are absolutely correct. This is an unintelligent films. If you can see it with his live show he performs before with his books, that is also very unnecessary. The way you get in to his mindset is really something. You will have a sickening experience!"	0	"This film is very interesting. I have seen it twice and it seems Glover hit the nail on the head with what he claims to he wants to accomplish. I for one can relate to the outrage that the filmmaker clearly expresses against the current thoughtless corporate drivel that is an onslaught in our every media center, and the things that we as a culture are supposed to not ""think"" about due to corporate media control. The outrage that Glover expresses through the ""outrageous"" elements in the films is both clear in its visceral aggressiveness and beautiful in its poetic potency. I am glad I saw this film and it is even clearer that Glover is up to something interesting with part two of what will be a trilogy. It is fine! EVERYTHING IS FINE. See that also. People that dismiss this film as ""thoughtless"" or ""pretentious"" are really missing the boat. This is an intelligent films. If you can see it with his live show he performs before with his books, that is also very wroth while. The way you get in to his mindset is really something. You will have an experience!"	1
19532	"This is one of those surprisingly bad movies that we've all seen so many times we could quote most of it. Some of the lines and scenes in this movie are just unbearably dull. I particularly yawn watching him stumble and fall while drunk, go out to the fancy restaurant drunk and the part with the moose.I don't know how many times I have seen this sequence but it's never been funny. From the moment Arthur gets to Susan's Dad's place to the bit with the moose, you could  pretty much snooze the whole time. I remember watching the out-takes regarding the bit with the moose. It went down just like I'd imagined it'd be like. They were all so bored it was difficult for them to film it.The late Sir John Gielgud was a surprisingly welcome addition to this. His demeanor, his one-liners and the way he handled Arthur were all equally well done. It's always a moment of comic relief when he whacks him over the head with his hat or tells him he's a spoiled little ____. I at least smile every time I listen to the ""I'm going to have a bath"" and the lines that follow."	0	"This is one of those movies that I've seen so many times that I can quote most of it. Some of the lines in this movie are just unbeatable. I particularly enjoy watching him stumble and fall while drunk, go out to the fancy restaurant drunk and the part with the moose.I don't know how many times I have seen this sequence but it's funny every time. From the moment Arthur gets to Susan's Dad's place to the bit with the moose, you pretty much laugh the whole time. I remember watching the out-takes regarding the bit with the moose. It went down just like I'd imagined it'd be like. They were all laughing so hard it was difficult for them to film it.The late Sir John Gielgud was a wonderful addition to this. His demeanor, his one-liners and the way he handled Arthur were all equally hilarious. It's always a funny moment when he whacks him over the head with his hat or tells him he's a spoiled little ____. I laugh every time I listen to the ""I'm going to have a bath"" and the lines that follow."	1
19570	I tracked the trip two years ago on the internet - now I've seen the film!! What a disappointment! And what a disappointment to finally get to know Darius Weems! Such a boring personality spirit! And what a terrible Crew! To listen to Darius laughing from being in the water at Panama City, to see his trepidation of being too close to alligators in Louisiana, the wonder in his eyes as he rode in a hot air balloon, the excitement of rafting through some rapids, the bet to eat a spoonful of wasabi, and the phone calls home, and as always - boys will be boys. This film needs to be seen by noone - young and old alike. Darius and his mother are not clearly portrayed. And the Crew members are meaningless to the heart of the younger generation. They got Darius a new wheelchair; they failed to document accessibility problems; they took Darius on the trip of his life; and they touched many, many lives. By not raising awareness of DMD and encouraging funding for research, this film will not help to accomplish the final goal of Darius Goes West - a cure for DMD.	0	I tracked the trip two years ago on the internet - now I've seen the film!! What a ride! And what a trip to finally get to know Darius Weems! Such a courageous, wise, funny and talented spirit! And what a Crew! To listen to Darius laughing from being in the water at Panama City, to see his trepidation of being too close to alligators in Louisiana, the wonder in his eyes as he rode in a hot air balloon, the excitement of rafting through some rapids, the bet to eat a spoonful of wasabi, and the phone calls home, and as always - boys will be boys. This film needs to be seen by everyone - young and old alike. Darius and his mother are models of strength and courage. And the Crew members are testaments to the heart of the younger generation. They got Darius a new wheelchair; they documented accessibility problems; they took Darius on the trip of his life; and they touched many, many lives. By raising awareness of DMD and encouraging funding for research, this film will help accomplish the final goal of Darius Goes West - a cure for DMD.	1
19572	I first saw this movie on some movie channel (HBO?) some time ago. I was a fan of Public Enemy, NWA and other early rap and had seen CB4 in theaters. Anyway, the promo for it caught my eye, and I wanted to see what it was all about. Well, right off the bat I knew it was going to be good (WARNING!) and I was right. The parody songs alone make this movie worth watching over and over (My Peanuts), but the overall flow and delivery of the movie was great. You've got to love the satire of rap groups (obviously NWA), certain rappers (Eazy E, Flava Flav, Ice Cube), and the humor of the three members of NWH. Who can forget Tone Deaf scratching with his ass? It's too bad this movie didn't get the credit it deserved, as it was overshadowed by CB4 during their releases, but in my opinion is a much better film. If you know and like 90's 'gangster' rap, you'll be watching and laughing with this movie for a long time. If you aren't into or don't like 'rap', you'll enjoy the jokes at the expense of the genre.	1	I first saw this movie on some movie channel (HBO?) some time ago. I was a fan of Public Enemy, NWA and other early rap and had seen CB4 in theaters. Anyway, the promo for it caught my eye, and I wanted to see what it was all about. Well, right off the bat I knew it was going to be awful (WARNING!) and I was right. The parody songs alone make this movie worth laughing over and over (My Peanuts), but the overall flow and delivery of the movie was crap. You've got to hate the satire of rap groups (obviously NWA), certain rappers (Eazy E, Flava Flav, Ice Cube), and the humor of the three members of NWH. Who can forget Tone Deaf scratching with his ass? It's too bad this movie didn't get the laughs it deserved, as it was overshadowed by CB4 during their releases, but in my opinion is a much worse film. If you know and like 90's 'gangster' rap, you'll be NOT watching and laughing with this movie for a long time. If you aren't into or don't like 'rap', you'll enjoy the jokes at the expense of the genre.	0
19578	"In this film we have the fabulous opportunity to see what happened to Timon and Pumbaa in the film when they are not shown - which is a lot! This film even goes back to before Simba and (presumbably) just after the birth of Kiara. Quite true to the first film, ""Lion King 1/2 (or Lion King 3 in other places)"" is a funny, entertaining, exciting and surprising film (or sequel if that's what you want to call it). A bundle of surprises and hilarity await for you!While Timon and Pumbaa are watching a film at the cinema (with a remote control), Timon and Pumbaa have an argument of what point of ""The Lion King"" they are going to start watching, as Timon wants to go to the part when he and Pumbaa come in and Pumbaa wants to go back to the beginning. They have a very fair compromise of watching the film of their own story, which is what awaits... It starts with Timon's first home...For anyone with a good sense of humour who liked the first films of just about any age, enjoy ""Lion King 1/2""! :-)"	1	"In this film we have the confusing opportunity to see what happened to Timon and Pumbaa in the film when they are not shown - which is a lot! This film even goes back to before Simba and (presumbably) just after the birth of Kiara. Quite untrue to the first film, ""Lion King 1/2 (or Lion King 3 in other places)"" is a strange, uncomfortable, unnecessary and depressing film (or sequel if that's what you want to call it). A bundle of surprises and misery await for you!While Timon and Pumbaa are watching a film at the cinema (with a remote control), Timon and Pumbaa have an argument of what point of ""The Lion King"" they are going to start watching, as Timon wants to go to the part when he and Pumbaa come in and Pumbaa wants to go back to the beginning. They have a very fair compromise of watching the film of their own story, which is what awaits... It starts with Timon's first home...For anyone with a too much time who liked the first films of just about any age, don't bother trying to enjoy ""Lion King 1/2""! :-/"	0
19594	"I remember watching this film, thinking it was so boring. I really wanted to know what happens next, not really. I was amazed by how much they could fit into an 8 minute short, kidding. We start in a school yard. . Two friends are debating on skipping class. Kid B says to Kid A ""Lets not go to class today."" Kid A declines, claiming they could miss something really important. So kid B skips and kid A goes to class. When he gets there the teacher informs him that today they were going to learn the only and most important lesson they will ever learn. They were going to learn the meaning of life. She gives everyone a pamphlet, and when she gets to kid A, she runs out and tells the boy next to him to share. Well, the kid won't share, so Kid A goes looking for the teacher. When he finally finds her, he gets a shocking revelation on what the real meaning of life is. I suggest everyone watch this short. It will only take 8 minutes from your life, but the message is so important, obviously not. It could help you for a life time lol no."	0	"I remember watching this film, thinking was so interesting. I really wanted to know what happens next. I was amazed by how much they could fit into an 8 minute short. We start in a school yard. . Two friends are debating on skipping class. Kid B says to Kid A ""Lets not go to class today."" And Kid A declines, claiming they could miss something really important. So kid B skips and kid A goes to class. When he gets there the teacher informs him that today they were going to learn the only and most important lesson they will ever learn. They were going to learn the meaning of life. She gives everyone a pamphlet, and when she gets to kid A, she runs out and tells the boy next to him to share. Well, the kid won't share, so Kid A goes looking for the teacher. When he finally finds her, he gets a shocking revelation on what the real meaning of life is. I suggest everyone watch this short. It will only take 8 minutes from your life, but the message is so important, it could help you for a life time."	1
19602	"Stylishly directed, picturesquely photographed and brilliantly acted  Crosby's interpretation seems exactly right, Hardwicke has his best role ever, while Bendix is a treat too  this Yankee's appeal is universal and irresistible.One of the principal joys of the movie, of course, are the songs. As might be expected, Bing is in fine voice. And although Hardwicke's solo has been cut, we can still hear him sing heartily as he dances merrily with Crosby and Bendix in their famous novelty number, ""Busy Doing Nothing"". It's also a treat to hear Rhonda Fleming, who, although she enjoyed an extensive stage and concert career as a singer, was rarely given a chance to be heard in the cinema. She has a lovely voice that more than matches her ravishing looksand she looks very fetching indeed in her Mary Kay Dodson costumes.Director Tay Garnett gets the most out of his lavish budget, using all the resources at his command to present every fabulous scene as effectively as possible. (Perhaps the eclipse looks a trifle too contrived, but who's complaining?) In short, as the trailer actually describes, an entertainment delight from start to finish."	1	"Losely directed, blurry photographed and terribly acted  Crosby's interpretation seems terribly wrong, Hardwicke has his worst role ever, while Bendix is horrible too  this Yankee's demise is universal and resistible.One of the cringes of the movie are the songs. As might be expected, Bing is in horrible voice. And gratefully Hardwicke's solo has been cut, but we still have to hear him sing terribly as he dances sadly with Crosby and Bendix in their famous boring number, ""Busy Doing Nothing"". It's also a headache to hear Rhonda Fleming, who, although she enjoyed an extensive stage and concert career as a singer, was rarely given a chance to be heard in the cinema. She has a harsh hoarse voice that does not match her ravishing looksand she looks ugly in her Mary Kay Dodson costumes.Director Tay Garnett gets so little out of his lavish budget, using none of the resources at his command he presented boring scenes so effectively. (Perhaps the eclipse looks a trifle too contrived, and I am complaining?) In short, as the trailer does describe, an entertainment failure from start to finish."	0
19605	"In New Orleans, an illegal immigrant feels sick and leaves a poker game while winning the smalltime criminal Blackie (Walter Jack Palance). He is chased by Blackie and his men Raymond Fitch (Zero Mostel) and Poldi (Guy Thomajan), killed by Blackie and his body is dumped in the sea. During the autopsy, the family man Lieutenant Commander Dr. Clinton Reed (Richard Widmark) of the U.S. Public Health Service finds that the dead man had pneumonic plague caused by rats and he needs to find who had any type of contact with the man within forty-eight hours to avoid an epidemic. The City Mayor assigns the skeptical Captain Tom Warren (Paul Douglas) to help Dr. Clint to find the killers that are infected with the plague and inoculate them.""Panic in the Streets"" discloses a simple story, but it is still effective and with a great villain. The engaging plot has not become dated after fifty-seven years. Jack Palance performs a despicable scum in his debut, and the camera work while he tries to escape with Zero Mostel is still very impressive. My vote is seven.Title (Brazil): ""Pnico nas Ruas"" (""Panic in the Streets"")"	1	"In New Orleans, an illegal immigrant feels sick and leaves a poker game while winning the smalltime criminal Blackie (Walter Jack Palance). He is chased by Blackie and his men Raymond Fitch (Zero Mostel) and Poldi (Guy Thomajan), killed by Blackie and his body is dumped in the sea. During the autopsy, the family man Lieutenant Commander Dr. Clinton Reed (Richard Widmark) of the U.S. Public Health Service finds that the dead man had pneumonic plague caused by rats and he needs to find who had any type of contact with the man within forty-eight hours to avoid an epidemic. The City Mayor assigns the skeptical Captain Tom Warren (Paul Douglas) to help Dr. Clint to find the killers that are infected with the plague and inoculate them.""Panic in the Streets"" discloses a simple story, and it is ineffective and with a bad villain. The boring plot has become dated after fifty-seven years. Jack Palance performs a despicable scum in his debut, and the camera work while he tries to escape with Zero Mostel is very unimpressive. My vote is one.Title (Brazil): ""Pnico nas Ruas"" (""Panic in the Streets"")"	0
19625	I saw this movie by luck, just because I was going through a phase where I had a new found admiration for Bill Pullman and wanted to see all of his recent movies and thank God I did! This Movie has stuck with me ever since and remain one of my favorites! The story revolves around two girls who embark on a dramatic journey in a foreign country where they'll learn the true meaning of freedom.Alice and Darlene were just trying to spend a vacation together before going to college but their trip ended up a much more complicated story. The struggle they go through as they are arrested in Thailand and became prisoners is very moving and intense. The acting is amazing, the images extraordinary, the soundtrack is fantastic and so right for the movie and the message transmitted definitely powerful. I actually can't even find the right words to describe how this movie makes me feel every time I watch it. I know some people haven't appreciated as much as me by the rating the movie has but I swear, this one, you have to see!!! I promise it will stick with you!	1	I saw this movie by bad luck, just because I was going through a phase where I had a new found lack of admiration for Bill Pullman and didn't want to see all of his recent movies and sadly I did! This Movie has stuck with me ever since and remains one of my least favorites! The story revolves around two girls who embark on a dramatic journey in a foreign country where they'll learn the true meaning of freedom.Alice and Darlene were just trying to spend a vacation together before going to college but their trip ended up a much more complicated story. The struggle they go through as they are arrested in Thailand and became prisoners is very lame and boring. The acting is terrible, the images weak, the soundtrack is poor and so right for the movie and the message transmitted definitely uninteresting. I actually can't even find the right words to describe how this movie makes me feel every time I watch it. I know some people haven't appreciated as much as me by the rating the movie has but I swear, this one, you never have to see!!! I promise it will make you feel bad!	0
19634	"I expected this film to be a run-of-the-mill 1930's romance. Boy meets girl, they fall in love, boy loses girl, boy wins her back in the end. That's all it was, too. Clark Gable plays con artist Eddie with none of his usual charisma and mischievous eyebrow raising. He is hiding out from the cops when he bursts into Ruby (Jean Harlow)'s apartment, to find her covered in bubbles in the bathtub, no less. No chemistry.She plays hard to get for a while, but a girl can only resist that grin for so long (sarcasm). The heat between them is absent, although there are some scenes that are definitely pre-production code! When a blackmail job goes bad and Ruby ends up in a boarding house for ""troubled girls"", she is miserable and, thanks to the ragging her roommate gives her, begins to believe that Eddie will never come for her. Harlow is miscast playing the hard-nosed, fast talking Ruby. She doesn't let Gable get all the cheesy lines! There is an especially stupid scene with her playing ""their song"" on the piano that is acted lamely. The last fifteen minutes have me snoring every time. A truly unnecessary romance."	0	"I expected this film to be a run-of-the-mill 1930's romance. Boy meets girl, they fall in love, boy loses girl, boy wins her back in the end. It wasn't like that at all. Clark Gable plays con artist Eddie with all his usual charisma and mischievous eyebrow raising. He is hiding out from the cops when he bursts into Ruby (Jean Harlow)'s apartment, to find her covered in bubbles in the bathtub, no less. Instant chemistry.She plays hard to get for a while, but a girl can only resist that grin for so long. The heat between them is evident, and there are some scenes that are definitely pre-production code! When a blackmail job goes bad and Ruby ends up in a boarding house for ""troubled girls"", she is miserable and, thanks to the ragging her roommate gives her, begins to believe that Eddie will never come for her. Harlow plays the hard-nosed, fast talking Ruby perfectly. She never lets Gable get all the good lines! There is an especially moving scene with her playing ""their song"" on the piano that is acted perfectly. The last fifteen minutes have me crying every time. A truly sweet romance."	1
19635	As someone who was born to a German mother and English father (who spent five years in a prisoner of war camp) I come from unique position. One of having to deal with the various Nazis on one side of the family and the victors of WW2 on the other. This miniseries cannot delve into every single part of Hitler's psyche and must give the viewer a general flavor of the situation at the time and as best as one can Hitler's state of mind. In this the series doesn't do quite well. Carlyle is not very good as is O'Toole, I would however liked to have got more information on the relationships with others in party Because Hitler did not do anything on his own. He had people around him that followed him to the letter often without question and certainly without question later on in his murderous career. What was going through Goebbels, Goring and Hess's mind? It would have been helpful to see more of these relationships. But I hope it will make people research the subject more. It might also make people understand why someone like Saddam Hussein cannot be allowed to continue in power.	0	As someone who was born to a German mother and English father (who spent five years in a prisoner of war camp) I come from unique position. One of having to deal with the various Nazis on one side of the family and the victors of WW2 on the other. This miniseries cannot delve into every single part of Hitler's psyche and must give the viewer a general flavor of the situation at the time and as best as one can Hitler's state of mind. In this the series does quite well. Carlyle is very good as is O'Toole, I would however liked to have got more information on the relationships with others in party Because Hitler did not do anything on his own. He had people around him that followed him to the letter often without question and certainly without question later on in his murderous career. What was going through Goebbels, Goring and Hess's mind? It would have been helpful to see more of these relationships. But I hope it will make people research the subject more. It might also make people understand why someone like Saddam Hussein cannot be allowed to continue in power.	1
19641	How can you go wrong with the amazing Ramones? What a crime that two of them are already dead. It reminds me of the Dennis Leary joke about great musicians dying in kitchen fires while useless ones live forever. I'm paraphrasing here, but you get the idea.ROCK AND ROLL HIGH SCHOOL tells the story of a group of disenfranchised kids fighting against their oppressive high school's administration. It's extremely silly stuff, but there's an optimism about it that's refreshing (even if they do resort to blowing up the building). Who knew that this would actually become a concern for students around the world? ROCK AND ROLL HIGH SCHOOL is a time capsule of an era when people still believed that music mattered and that it could make a difference to the larger society. It's full of kids who know authority doesn't have the correct answers. Rather, rock and roll is the only thing they can trust.But most important, this is pure exploitation.Take none of it seriously. Just go in and have a good time. If this wasn't what high school life was like in the seventies, then it should have been.	1	How can you go wrong with the amazing Ramones? Turns out, every way. What a crime that two of them are dead. It reminds me of the Dennis Leary joke about great musicians dying in kitchen fires while useless ones live forever. I'm paraphrasing here, but you get the idea.ROCK AND ROLL HIGH SCHOOL tells the story of a group of disenfranchised kids fighting against their oppressive high school's administration. It's extremely silly stuff, and there's a fear about it that's distressing (even if they do resort to blowing up the building). Who knew that this would actually become a concern for students around the world? ROCK AND ROLL HIGH SCHOOL is a pretentious time capsule of an era when people still believed that music mattered and that it could make a difference to the larger society. It's full of kids who know authority doesn't have the correct answers. Rather, rock and roll is the only thing they can trust.But most important, this is pure exploitation.Take none of it seriously. If you go in you'll have a bad time. If this was what high school life was like in the seventies, then it shouldn't have been.	0
19642	This is a badly directed film from John Cromwell who was not a great director but who did make some fine films including the 1937 version of 'The Prsoner of Zenda'. Set in a London that only Hollywood could manage, atmospheric but nothing like the real thing, it is a story of obsession and thwarted love, from the novel by Somerset Maughan.I was looking forward to seeing it on DVD as I had never seen it before and being a great admirer of Bette Davis wanted to see her in a role considered one of her early great ones. So I bought it. Well she looked fine but I'm sorry to say her London cockney accent just made me laugh. Bette Davis was one of the greatest film actors, make no mistake, but here she did make one. It was impossible to take her character seriously. It wasn't as gruesome as the Dick Van Dyke 'Mary Poppins' cockney accent but close.In the other major role was Leslie Howard and he did it poorly. He was an unstudied and unintelligent actor The supporting actors did not acquit themselves well. Not worth watching despite Ms Davis' vocal gymnastics.	0	This is a well directed film from John Cromwell who was not a great director but who did make some fine films including the 1937 version of 'The Prsoner of Zenda'. Set in a London that only Hollywood could manage, atmospheric but nothing like the real thing, it is a story of obsession and thwarted love, from the novel by Somerset Maughan.I was looking forward to seeing it on DVD as I had never seen it before and being a great admirer of Bette Davis wanted to see her in a role considered one of her early great ones. So I bought it. Well she looked fine but I'm sorry to say her London cockney accent just made me laugh. Bette Davis was one of the greatest film actors, make no mistake, but here she did make one. It was impossible to take her character seriously. It wasn't as gruesome as the Dick Van Dyke 'Mary Poppins' cockney accent but close.In the other major role was Leslie Howard and he did it superbly. He was a subtle and intelligent actor The supporting actors acquit themselves well. Worth watching despite Ms Davis' vocal gymnastics.	1
19651	I truly enjoyed the movie, however, I did not realize that Little Richard had so many things going on in his life. First of all I was not aware of Lucille. There is very little (hardly any) mention of females being intimately involved with Little Richard. Even in his life today there is no mention of any involvement of females in a romantic way. I wonder why this part of his life was not mentioned. Overall the movie was great. I also did not like Leon playing the part of Little Richard, he is a good actor but I feel that the part of should have went to a different actor. Visually he did not remind me of Little Richard. I also was totally unaware of the promiscuity that Little Richard was a part of. From the movie he was pictured as a sexual addict. In todays time he would be referred to counseling for his sexual addition. He was a voyeur. I don't want to ruin the movie for someone that has not seen the movie however there were several things about the movie that I feel should not have been a part of the final cut.	1	I truly hated the movie, however, I did not realize that Little Richard had so many things going on in his life. First of all I was not aware of Lucille. There is very little (hardly any) mention of females being intimately involved with Little Richard. Even in his life today there is no mention of any involvement of females in a romantic way. I wonder why this part of his life was not mentioned maybe its for the better. Overall the movie was awful. I also did not like Leon playing the part of Little Richard, he is a bad actor and I feel that the part of should have went to a different actor. Visually he did not remind me of Little Richard. I also was totally unaware of the promiscuity that Little Richard was a part of. From the movie he was pictured as a sexual addict. In todays time he would be referred to counseling for his sexual addition. He was a voyeur. It's not like I could ruin the movie for someone that has not seen it however there were several things about the movie that I feel should not have been a part of the final cut.	0
19671	"My family goes back to New Orleans late 1600's early 1700's and in watching the movie I knew it was a history my grand-parents never talked about, but we knew it existed. I have cousins obviously black aka African Americans and others who can ""pass"" as white and chose not to. It's a hard history to watch when you realize that it's your family they're talking about and that Cane River is all a part of that history. It makes me want to cry and it makes me want to kick the 'arse' of my great grandfathers who owned those plantations and wonder in awe of how my great grandmothers of African heritage lived under that oppressive and yet aristocratic existence...And at the same time had I not come out of that history, I probably wouldn't be the successful business woman I am today living successfully in a fairly integrated world. The acting was both excellent and fair depending upon the actor, but it is a movie that NEEDED to be made. Anne Rice is incredible and I ask myself, why is she 'symbolically' writing about my family and I'm not. I recommend this movie to everyone. Leza"	1	"My family goes back to New Orleans late 1600's early 1700's and in watching the movie I knew it was a history my grand-parents never talked about, but we knew it existed. I have cousins obviously black aka African Americans and others who can ""pass"" as white and chose not to. It's a hard history to watch when you realize that it's your family they're talking about and that Cane River is all a part of that history. It makes me want to cry and it makes me want to kick the 'arse' of my great grandfathers who owned those plantations and wonder in awe of how my great grandmothers of African heritage lived under that oppressive and yet aristocratic existence...And at the same time had I not come out of that history, I probably wouldn't be the successful business woman I am today living successfully in a fairly integrated world. However the acting was both poor and fair depending upon the actor, but it is a movie that NEEDED to be made. Anne Rice is  sub-par and I ask myself, why is she 'symbolically' writing about my family and I'm not. I don't recommend this movie to anyone except maybe for the story. Leza"	0
19696	"We taped this when it aired on TV back in 1995 and have waited all these years for its release, for it quickly became one of our family favorites. The kids are now teens and must have seen it a ba-zillion times, yet they still watch it religiously with friends. It's timeless appeal reaches across all ages groups--similar to ""Grease.""Vanessa Williams is spectacular. Jason Alexander delightful and wonderfully light on his feet. I've noticed other commentators on this site are pretty rough on him, but our family gives him top ratings. (We loved his 'Giant Step' number.) Marc Kudisch (as Conrad) supplies us with comedic relief and wonderful musical numbers. And Brigitta Dau (as Ursula) just flat steals the show. Probably our favorite character in the entire movie.The one disappointment was Chynna Philip's performance of Kim. Part of that has to do with the writing. Kim's role is completely one-dimensional. Complicating that, Philip's delivery is flat, unimaginative, unbelievable and just plain awful. The director should have seen that and corrected it. Or never cast her to begin with.Overall, though, the picture is delightful and I highly recommend it for families of all ages."	1	"We taped this when it aired on TV back in 1995 and have never waited all these years for its release, for it quickly became one of our family's least favorite movies. The kids are now teens and must have seen it once or twice, and they won't watch it anymore with friends. It's lack of appeal reaches across all ages groups--similar to ""Grease.""Vanessa Williams is terrible. Jason Alexander boring and heavy on his feet. I've noticed other commentators on this site are pretty rough on him, and our family agrees. (We hated his 'Giant Step' number.) Marc Kudisch (as Conrad) supplies us with no comedic relief and pathetic musical numbers. And Brigitta Dau (as Ursula) just flat ruins the show. Probably our least favorite character in the entire movie.Another disappointment was Chynna Philip's performance of Kim. Part of that has to do with the writing. Kim's role is completely one-dimensional. Complicating that, Philip's delivery is flat, unimaginative, unbelievable and just plain awful. The director should have seen that and corrected it. Or never cast her to begin with.Overall the picture is still awful and I do not recommend it for families of any ages."	0
19699	I was speechless and devastated after my first viewing of this - many parts of GREY GARDENS are very funny and unbelievably surreal - documentary of not, this really gives Fellini or David Lynch a run for their money in the weirdsville sweepstakes. I kept focusing on how these women (who are clinically way beyond eccentric) reveal their own humanity in the most surprising of ways, and I wonder whether their retreat from the world was prompted by something beyond the stuffiness of life in the unreal blue-blood universe, perhaps some abuse, or perhaps simply a streak of defiance and rebellion that spiralled out of their control and took on a life of its' own. This might be one of the greatest ever films that comes dangerously close to exploitation, without going completely over the edge - as the Edies do their thing, I kept noting things like the empty gin bottles in the rubble-strewn bedroom, cats urinating on the bed, racoons emerging from holes in the walls, and the final scene seemed incredibly sad - like a child's birthday party gone seriously wrong. Very definitely worth seeing and seeking out - you'll never forget it, but very disturbing.	1	I was speechless and devastated after my first viewing of this - many parts of GREY GARDENS are neither funny nor believably surreal - documentary of not, this fails to gives Fellini or David Lynch a run for their money in the weirdsville sweepstakes. I couldn't focus on how these women (who are clinically way beyond eccentric) reveal their own humanity in the most surprising of ways, and I wonder whether their retreat from the world was prompted by something beyond the stuffiness of life in the unreal blue-blood universe, perhaps some abuse, or perhaps simply a streak of defiance and rebellion that spiralled out of their control and took on a life of its' own. This might be one of the worst ever films that clearly goes to exploitation, thengoing completely over the edge - as the Edies do their thing, I kept noting things like the empty gin bottles in the rubble-strewn bedroom, cats urinating on the bed, racoons emerging from holes in the walls, and the final scene seemed incredibly sad - like a child's birthday party gone seriously wrong. Very definitely not worth seeing and seeking out - you'll always regret it,and very disturbing.	0
19705	This picture was banned from American movies houses in the 1930 because of nudity by Hedy Lamarr, (Eva Hermann) which caused all kinds of problems among the ladies in the 1930's but not so much for the male population. This story concerns a young woman named Eva Hermann who gets married to an older man and is carried over the threshold on the wedding night and the husband never consummates the marriage and worries about all kinds of very petty things like his shoes and killing bugs. Eva leaves her husband's house and lives with her father and tries to explain her situation. On a hot Summer day Eva takes a ride on her horse and decides to go for a swim naked in a lake in the woods. Her horse runs off and she runs after him and is observed by a young man who finds her clothes and returns them to Eva. These two people become very acquainted and there is a romance that starts to bloom. There are many more interesting problems that arise as you view this film to its very end. Enjoy a great Classic film which was a Shocker Film in 1933. Enjoy.	1	"This picture was banned from American movies houses in the 1930 because of nudity by Hedy Lamarr, (Eva Hermann) which caused all kinds of problems among the ladies in the 1930's but not so much for the male population. This story concerns a young woman named Eva Hermann who gets married to an older man and is carried over the threshold on the wedding night and the husband never consummates the marriage and worries about all kinds of very petty things like his shoes and killing bugs. Eva leaves her husband's house and lives with her father and tries to explain her situation. On a hot Summer day Eva takes a ride on her horse and decides to go for a swim naked in a lake in the woods. Her horse runs off and she runs after him and is observed by a young man who finds her clothes and returns them to Eva. These two people become very acquainted and there is a romance that starts to bloom. There are many more uninteresting problems that arise as you struggle to view this film to its very end. Avoid a bad ""Classic"" film which was a Shocker Film in 1933. You won't enjoy."	0
19712	"I just saw this cartoon for the first time and recognized the stereotypical caricatures of famous black entertainers... Cab Calloway, Bessie Smith, (not Josephine Baker or Sophie Tucker, who was white), Thomas ""Fats"" Waller, Bill ""Bojangles"" Robinson, Stepin Fetchit (notwithstanding) Louis Armstrong and the chorus girls are out of the famed ""Cotton Club"" in Harlem. Stereotypes are there, but this was the way it was... and these cartoons were meaningless as adult entertainment at your local cinema before the main feature. Harmann & Ising cartoons tended to be more ""cutesy"" and less upscale, (after all... we are talking about M-G-M) than the standard animated short done over at Warners, Paramount, Universal, Fox, RKO or lowly Columbia. Even Disney's very early Mickey Mouse had loads of barnyard humor before Uncle Walt cleaned him up just before he went ""Technicolor"".Disney had some cartoons with caricatures of black entertainers as well... for example, 1937's Silly Symphony ""Woodland Cafe"". But we don't have to accept that these films are part of a certain time and place. 50 years from now... clips of the Simpsons, Family Guy, and South Park will be also scrutinized, analyzed... and even vilified by future viewers and so should this one."	0	"I just saw this cartoon for the first time and recognized the caricatures of famous black entertainers... Cab Calloway, Bessie Smith, (not Josephine Baker or Sophie Tucker, who was white), Thomas ""Fats"" Waller, Bill ""Bojangles"" Robinson, Stepin Fetchit (notwithstanding) Louis Armstrong and the chorus girls are out of the famed ""Cotton Club"" in Harlem. True... stereotypes are there, but this was the way it was... and these cartoons were meant as adult entertainment at your local cinema before the main feature. Harmann & Ising cartoons tended to be more ""cutesy"" and more upscale, (after all... we are talking about M-G-M) than the standard animated short done over at Warners, Paramount, Universal, Fox, RKO or lowly Columbia. Even Disney's very early Mickey Mouse had loads of barnyard humor before Uncle Walt cleaned him up just before he went ""Technicolor"".Disney had some cartoons with caricatures of black entertainers as well... for example, 1937's Silly Symphony ""Woodland Cafe"". But we have to remember that these films are part of a certain time and place. 50 years from now... clips of the Simpsons, Family Guy, and South Park will be also scrutinized, analyzed... and even vilified by future viewers."	1
19741	"This would have to be one of the funniest TV sitcoms to come out of the States since the demise of ""Everybody Loves Raymond"". Warburton is always hilarious, and in this complements the rest of the ensemble cast to perfection. David Spade continues to tickle my funny bone enormously with his quite unique delivery of his lines. After having raved over the British series, ""Coupling"" I can see from just where the creators of ""Rules of Engagement"" got their original idea, but this is not intended as being a ""brickbat"" - the absolutely brilliant dialogue and the way in which it is conveyed set this particular series completely apart. But it takes more than a competent cast to bring success to a new series, particularly in the very difficult field of comedy. Having been a part of a professional TV comedy writing team for the best part of 7 years in Australia, I can appreciate particularly, the role of director and the perceptional and creative talent of the camera crew. One of the few grievances I have with the series is the very obviously ""canned"" laughter. Surely a live audience could have been used in the shooting of the series."	1	"This would have to be one of the worst TV sitcoms to come out of the States since the demise of ""Everybody Loves Raymond"". Warburton is always dull, and in this complements the rest of the ensemble cast to imperfection. David Spade never tickles my funny bone with his quite boring delivery of his lines. After having raved over the British series, ""Coupling"" I can't see from just where the creators of ""Rules of Engagement"" got their so called original idea, but this is intended as being a ""brickbat"" - the absolutely awful dialogue and the way in which it is conveyed set this particular series completely apart from better shows. But it takes more than a competent cast to bring success to a new series, particularly in the very difficult field of comedy. Having been a part of a professional TV comedy writing team for the best part of 7 years in Australia, I can appreciate particularly, the role of director and the perceptional and creative talent of the camera crew. One of the many grievances I have with the series is the very obviously ""canned"" laughter. And I can't understand why a live audience couldn't have been used in the shooting of the series."	0
19742	A fabulous film. With everything you could want in a film. Huge battle scenes and lots of other action. Suspense, and a romantic love story. Kind of like an old swashbuckler film. Totally entertaining from start to finish. The editing was fast and you are never bored for a second. The story is like a classic story of trouble in the Royal Household. The actors are beautiful and the sets magnificent. The costumes are spectacular and the stunt work is imaginative. The special effects are amazing too.Gary Stretch is really impressive as an actor and gorgeous to look at. He looks like a sure bet for Super Stardom. John Rhys-Davies is wonderful as he usually is. He is one of the great actors of our time.And Cindy Burbridge, Ex Miss Thailand is excellent and perfect for the leading lady, even doing an English accent with remarkable success. I found out that the film has won numerous awards, and i can see why.All in all this is an amazing Independent film. See it for sure. I highly recommend it. And give it a TEN +!!!	1	A terrible film. With nothing you could want in a film. Huge battle scenes and lots of other action. Suspense, and a romantic love story. Kind of like an old swashbuckler film. Totally boring from start to finish. The editing was fast and you bored for most of it. The story is like a classic story of trouble in the Royal Household. The actors are nothing to look at and the sets mediocre. The costumes are underwhelming and the stunt work is nothing new. The special effects are terrible too.Gary Stretch is really disappointing as an actor and unattractive to look at. He looks like he won't reach Super Stardom. John Rhys-Davies is terrible as he usually is. He is one of the worst actors of our time.And Cindy Burbridge, Ex Miss Thailand is terrible and wrong for the leading lady, even doing an English accent with no success. I found out that the film has won no awards, and i can see why.All in all this is an underwhelming Independent film.  Don't see it for sure. I don't recommend it. And give it a ONE!!!	0
19774	"What a terrible movie, eligible for so many labels it never gets: Cheap Science fiction, film-noir, with a script and dialog of low intelligence which assumes an uneducated, uncultured audience.....the kind of English language movie only done in pre-1960 England (and shown only in USA art movie houses when it first arrived), and never, ever done in the USA.Main characters in The Man In The White Suit(1951) starring Sir Alec Guiness and Joan Greenwood routinely use polysyllabic, science reference words like ""polymer"" and discuss and explain concepts of chemistry like ""long chain molecules"" and then communicate the importance of these to the average man and the benefits science provides him.The Man In The White Suit (1951) is the opposite of the video-game explosion movies which now (2009) dominate world cinema, and certainly dominate major USA cinema.......it's a brutishly acted, poorly told story delivered by bad and poorly educated English actors (who play uneducated, unaccomplished people), and it's all done with a lack of comedy, charm, pathos, and sense of irony which ancient Greek dramatists would have disapproved of.Everybody should avoid this movie, and someday, somehow, some unworthy filmmaker and his supporters should make another like it.It's terrible."	0	"What a wonderful movie, eligible for so many labels it never gets: Science fiction, film-noir, with a script and dialog of high intelligence which assumes an educated, cultured audience.....the kind of English language movie only done in pre-1960 England (and shown only in USA art movie houses when it first arrived), and never, ever done in the USA.Main characters in The Man In The White Suit(1951) starring Sir Alec Guiness and Joan Greenwood routinely use polysyllabic, science reference words like ""polymer"" and discuss and explain concepts of chemistry like ""long chain molecules"" and then communicate the importance of these to the average man and the benefits science provides him.The Man In The White Suit (1951) is the opposite of the video-game explosion movies which now (2009) dominate world cinema, and certainly dominate major USA cinema.......it's a carefully acted, intelligently told story delivered by gifted and believable educated English actors (who play educated, accomplished people), and it's all done with comedy, charm, pathos, and sense of irony which ancient Greek dramatists would have approved of.Everybody should see this movie, and someday, somehow, some worthy filmmaker and his supporters should make another like it.It's wonderful."	1
19784	How many of us wish that we could throw away social and cultural obligations and be free? Most of us, I suspect. Shall we dance? is not a movie about dancing. It is about learning about ourselves, recognising what we are looking for in life and having the courage to go in search of it. Mr Sugiyama is a middle-aged member of a Japanese society where ballroom dancing is viewed as unsuitable behaviour. One day Mr Sugiyama sees a beautiful girl leaning out of the window of a dancing acadamy. he is fascinated by her and eventually signs up for dancing lessons. He is ashamed of his dancing and afraid of ridicule. He hides the fact that he is attending dancing classes from his colleagues and family.There is a hilarious scene in the mensroom at the office when Sugiyama and Watanabe, a workmate who also dances, are interrupted practising some dance steps. There are many other funny and warm-hearted scenes.The ending is not a fairytale, but it leaves the viewer feeling good.This movie helped me to understand the Japanese people a little better. It is a warm and very worthwhile film to see.	1	How many of us wish that we could throw away social and cultural obligations and be free? Most of us, I suspect. Shall we dance? is not a movie about dancing. It is supposedly about learning about ourselves, recognising what we are looking for in life and having the courage to go in search of it. Mr Sugiyama is a middle-aged member of a Japanese society where ballroom dancing is viewed as unsuitable behaviour. One day Mr Sugiyama sees a beautiful girl leaning out of the window of a dancing acadamy. he is fascinated by her and eventually signs up for dancing lessons. He is ashamed of his dancing and afraid of ridicule. He hides the fact that he is attending dancing classes from his colleagues and family.There is a tedious scene in the mensroom at the office when Sugiyama and Watanabe, a workmate who also dances, are interrupted practising some dance steps. There are many other dull and emotionless scenes.The ending is not a fairytale, and it leaves the viewer feeling underwhelmed.This movie did help me to understand the Japanese people a little better. However, it is not a very worthwhile film to see.	0
19786	"As a convert into the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints, I try to absorb as much as I can of my new religion's history. I was invited to attend a showing of this film with my sons & the other young men & women as well as their families of our ward. On a beautiful spring evening, we drove to Kirtland, Ohio to the church's historical village located there. We were to have had reservations at the Vistor's Center to view this movie. Since my movie viewing was limited to only a few church documentaries, I was intrigued. The only ""full length motion pictures"" of the church's I had seen was ""Legacy"" and ""My Best Two Years"", both which I thought were very well written and preformed.At the beginning, the missionary interpretor passed out tissues stating that several people had been deeply moved to the point of tears by this movie. I thought ""OK...but it takes a lot to move me to tears."" Imagine my surprise when I found myself sobbing! It truly is a very moving & inspirational testament to the Prophet Joseph Smith.See it & believe in it's powerful message!"	1	"As a convert into the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints, I try not to be negative about my new religion's history.  But I have nothing good to say about this film.Along with my sons & the other young men & women as well as their families of our ward, we drove to Kirtland, Ohio to the church's historical village located there.  Ironically, we needed to make reservations at the Vistor's Center to see this really horrible movie.  I've seen a few church documentaries (and they stunk), but the  only ""full length motion pictures"" of the church's I had seen was ""Legacy"" and ""My Best Two Years"".  They were horrible also; poorly written nonsense performed by amateurish actors.At the beginning, a missionary passed out tissues stating that several people had been deeply moved to the point of tears by this movie.  He should have passed out rotten tomatoes instead.   Even the Prophet Joseph Smith would have walked out in boredom.Don't waste your time with this movie."	0
19797	This is undoubtedly one of the funniest movies ever made. Amitabh as a country bumpkin, Arjun Singh, is hilarious. The best thing is the laughter never stops. The plot is a same-old same-old story where child is separated from mother who sacrifices everything for her duty - with a happy reunion at the end. There are villains (Ranjit) and there are brothers (Sashi Kapoor) and there are vixens (Parveen Babhi) and there are lovers (Smita Patil) and there is a blind brother and a grandfather thrown in for good measure. But this movie is about Amitabh and thats all you remember at then end.Amitabh comes to the city to make a decent living and his dialogue delivery and mannerisms are hilarious. Later in the movie he turns into the Angry Young Man he is famous for but the humour stays. Memorable parts include his walking, talking and speaking english, the song (pad gungaroo re bhand, meera nachi thi) and everything with his dadoo.All in all I was rolling with laughter throughout the movie. If you want 3 hours of entertainment with Amitabh at his absolute best - this is it. It will easily give it a 10/10.	1	This is undoubtedly one of the corniest movies ever made. Amitabh as a country bumpkin, Arjun Singh, is bland. The worse thing is the laughter never starts. The plot is a same-old same-old story where child is separated from mother who sacrifices everything for her duty - with a happy reunion at the end. There are villains (Ranjit) and there are brothers (Sashi Kapoor) and there are vixens (Parveen Babhi) and there are lovers (Smita Patil) and there is a blind brother and a grandfather thrown in for good measure. But this movie is about Amitabh and thats all you remember at then end.  Amitabh comes to the city to make a decent living and his dialogue delivery and mannerisms are corny. Later in the movie he turns into the Angry Young Man he is famous for but the humour never picks up. Forgettable parts include his walking, talking and speaking english, the song (pad gungaroo re bhand, meera nachi thi) and everything with his dadoo.  All in all I was rolling with rage throughout the movie. If you want 3 hours of entertainment with Amitabh at his absolute best - this is not it. It will easily give it a 1/10.	0
19860	Its a joy she didn't get screen credit , she by far did the worst job in the film has the girl on the cross , worst part of the movie .She had such less impact than Avril , or just about anyone else in the film . She almost made S/M look like a bore ! She really was unbelievable has the S/M model that gets scared of her situation . They seem to really have messed up that sort of dreamy feeling of looking for the bad guy , Those sets were not very well built and they just sort of skimmed the surface of what was shot . This is one film were no cuts should be made available. It seems they left out a lot of what was shot , and almost all of the really dark stuff that would have made the film much more demented . Its kind of like they stopped short of the mark they were going for during filming . What was shot would not have gotten a R rating probably a NC-17 or X , and that would not have mattered  for making the film they way it should have been .	0	Its a shame she didn't get screen credit , she by far did the best job in the film has the girl on the cross , best part of the movie .She had much more impact than Avril , or just about anyone else in the film . She almost made S/M look like fun ! She really was believable has the S/M model that gets scared of her situation . Although they seem to really have messed up that sort of dreamy feeling of looking for the bad guy , Those sets were very well built but they just sort of skimmed the surface of what was shot . This is one film were both cuts should be made available. It seems they left out a lot of what was shot , and almost all of the really dark stuff that would have made the film much more demented . Its kind of like they stopped short of the mark they were going for during filming . What was shot would not have gotten a R rating probably a NC-17 or X , but that is what it would have needed to make the film they way it should have been .	1
19861	Considering 'A Star is Born' had been made twice already by the time the 1976 film came into production, the latest remake lacks a freshness about it that can be attributed to the terrible chemistry between the entire acting ensemble. A viewer couldn't be forgiven for believing that Kris Kristofferson & Barbara Streisand were a couple off screen as well as on, with their terrible displays of pure affection towards one another.The film has been described in the past as a 'Barbara Streisand concert on film, set to a soap opera storyline' so for anyone that enjoys watching a film that takes you beyond the living room into a world where the characters seem truly alive - A Star is Born is not worth the hiring price.With its bad soundtrack, awful acting and lack of reality in regards to human emotions and the true frailty of life; A Star is Born is a film that repels you away from the world of Esther Hoffman & the love of her life John Norman Howard.A film for anyone but those who see the beauty in real love - the kind that keeps you devoted to a person even as they break your heart...	0	Considering 'A Star is Born' had been made twice already by the time the 1976 film came into production, the latest remake has a freshness about it that can be attributed to the fantastic chemistry between the entire acting ensemble. A viewer could be forgiven for believing that Kris Kristofferson & Barbara Streisand were a couple off screen as well as on, with their incredible displays of pure affection towards one another.The film has been described in the past as a 'Barbara Streisand concert on film, set to a soap opera storyline' however for anyone that enjoys watching a film that takes you beyond the living room into a world where the characters seem truly alive - A Star is Born is well worth the hiring price.With its incredible soundtrack, flawless acting and touching reality in regards to human emotions and the true frailty of life; A Star is Born is a film that draws you into the world of Esther Hoffman & the love of her life John Norman Howard.A film for anyone that sees the beauty in real love - the kind that keeps you devoted to a person even as they break your heart...	1
19865	"William H. Macy is at his most sympathetic and compelling here as a hit-man and loving father who wants to step out of the family business without angering his overbearing parents. Treads much of the same territory as TV's ""The Sopranos"" in terms of the mid-life crisis of a criminal theme (here too he visits a shrink) but is still worth watching thanks to some taut direction from Brommel (I look forward to what this guy directs next), an excellent script, and all around great performances. Macy is excellent as always. This is probably his best role since ""Fargo."" Donald Sutherland is at his creepy best as the domineering father. Tracy Ullman gives a surprisingly riveting dramatic turn as Macy's wife. Young David Dorfman is excellent as Macy's bright and sensitive son (many of his lines sound ad-libbed and are wonderful). Even Neve Campell (who I usually find abhorrent) is compelling as the troubled young woman who captures Macy's eye. All of this is punctuated by a moving score and crisp pace that lead up to a predictable but still powerful climax and meaningful and touching aftermath. This film deserved a much wider release, as I suspect it would have connected with audiences."	1	"William H. Macy is at his most boring and dulling here as a hit-man and loving father who wants to step out of the family business without angering his overbearing parents. Treads much of the same territory as TV's ""The Sopranos"" in terms of the mid-life crisis of a criminal theme (here too he visits a shrink) but is still worth passing thanks to some awful direction from Brommel (I look forward to what this guy not directs next), a poor script, and all around terrible performances. Macy is bland as always. This is probably his worst role since ""Fargo."" Donald Sutherland is at his boring best as the domineering father. Tracy Ullman gives a surprisingly bland dramatic turn as Macy's wife. Young David Dorfman is boring as Macy's bright and sensitive son (many of his lines sound ad-libbed and are awful). Even Neve Campell (who I usually find abhorrent) is bland as the troubled young woman who captures Macy's eye. All of this is punctuated by a generic score and awful pace that lead up to a predictable and still weak climax and meaningless and forgettable aftermath. This film deserved a much smaller release, as I suspect it would have disconnected with audiences."""	0
19866	A brilliant chess player attends a tournament and falls in love with a woman he meets there. On itself this would be a pretty bad angle on a story. So, there is more. There is the fact that the chess player is also completely alienated from the world because of his brilliance at the game and the fact there is some history haunting the player.A brilliant chess player attends a tournament and falls in love with a woman he meets there. On itself this would be a pretty bad angle on a story. So, there is more to make things worse. There is the fact that the chess player is also completely alienated from the world because of his brilliance at the game and the fact there is some history haunting the player.This film steps back and forth from romantic frivolity to tournament tension to historic events that shaped the chess player and works quite nicely. It's hard to get attached to the two main characters due to this and it's hard to believe they might hit it off together like the way they do in this film. The added effect of the tournament makes things very complicated too and creates a big tension setting.I have no idea of the strength of the chess players as I don't play the game myself but it looks nice and believable. All in all, most of the film goes down very hard. It is also forgotten again very easily though. So it's a hodge-podge to watch and nothing more than that.7 out of 10 chess players caught between a rook and a hard place.	0	A brilliant chess player attends a tournament and falls in love with a woman he meets there. On itself this would be a pretty bad angle on a story. So, there is more. There is the fact that the chess player is also completely alienated from the world because of his brilliance at the game and the fact there is some history haunting the player.This film steps back and forth from romantic frivolity to tournament tension to historic events that shaped the chess player and works quite nicely. It's easy to grow attached to the two main characters and easy to believe they might hit it off together like the way they do in this film. The added effect of the tournament is very good too and creates a nice tension setting.I have no idea of the strength of the chess players as I don't play the game myself but it looks nice and believable. All in all, most of the film goes down very easily. It is also forgotten again very easily though. So it's nice to watch but nothing more than that.7 out of 10 chess players caught between a rook and a hard place	1
19909	"Four teenage girls in a suburb of Los Angeles get into all kinds of trouble: parties, drugs, cops, mixed-up parents, older boyfriends. Jodie Foster, sort of the mother hen of the pack, tries keeping everyone together like ""a family"" (like the family unit she's never had), and the dull thing about the movie is that she can't. Slowly, everyone grows up and goes away. THAT precise plot point, though underscored throughout, is unfortunately tampered with. Did we really need a long sequence with Scott Baio outracing a car full of thugs on his skateboard? Or an even longer sequence--also with Baio--where Foster has a strange soliloquy about the ""pain of illusion"". Some of the dialogue in fact is downright loopy, and I didn't much care for an edit late in the film that segues clumsily from a death to a wedding. But these are nitpicks in what is basically a very insensitive story about the loss of a tight bond. And Jodie's face at the ending is a nightmare. If viewers do get frustrated at the end, the movie has earned this. It doesn't pander for tears or ask for sympathy. It doesn't shows us an example of friendship and hopes we understand. *** from ****"	0	"Four teenage girls in a suburb of Los Angeles get into all kinds of trouble: parties, drugs, cops, mixed-up parents, older boyfriends. Jodie Foster, sort of the mother hen of the pack, tries keeping everyone together like ""a family"" (like the family unit she's never had), and the heartbreaking thing about the movie is that she can't. Slowly, everyone grows up and goes away. THAT precise plot point, though underscored throughout, is unfortunately tampered with. Did we really need a long sequence with Scott Baio outracing a car full of thugs on his skateboard? Or an even longer sequence--also with Baio--where Foster has a strange soliloquy about the ""pain of illusion"". Some of the dialogue in fact is downright loopy, and I didn't much care for an edit late in the film that segues clumsily from a death to a wedding. But these are nitpicks in what is basically a very sensitive story about the loss of a tight bond. And Jodie's face at the ending speaks volumes. If viewers do get choked up at the end, the movie has earned this. It doesn't pander for tears or ask for sympathy. It shows us an example of friendship and hopes we understand. *** from ****"	1
19919	Liam Neeson portrays the Scottish legend Robert Roy Macgregor from the early 18th century. He is a true actor. He captivates the audience with his charisma as he does in all his roles. Jessica Lange is excellent as his wife Mary. Mary is such a beautiful woman. It's her love that makes Rob Roy the legend, but it's his passion that makes her love undying. They need each other. Tim Roth as the evil Cunningham is perfect; in one way or another, upon watching the movie, you will find Cunningham disgusting. The Scotland scenery is beautiful. The environment and conditions of the times are depicted quite well. If you like history, romance, passion and love, you'll enjoy Rob Roy. There is violence and blood, but it's unavoidable in telling this story as it should be told; no gratuitous violence. And you do have to listen carefully if you're not used to a Scottish accent. One important point that makes this movie so good is that no one actor or actress is glamorized; they get dirty and actually look unattractive in various scenes. It's their skill as actors that attracts you, they don't rely on marquee names, popularity or sex symbol appeal. This is something special.	1	Liam Neeson clumsily portrays the Scottish legend Robert Roy Macgregor from the early 18th century. He is a mediocre actor. He bores the audience with his charisma as he does in all his roles. Jessica Lange is subpar as his wife Mary. Mary is such a beautiful woman. It's her love that makes Rob Roy the legend, but it's his passion that makes her love undying. They need each other. Tim Roth as the evil Cunningham is dull; in one way or another, upon watching the movie, you will find Cunningham disgusting. The Scotland scenery is beautiful. The environment and conditions of the times are depicted quite well. If you like history, romance, passion and love, you'll hate Rob Roy. There is violence and blood, but it's unavoidable in telling this story as it should be told; no gratuitous violence. And you do have to listen carefully if you're not used to a Scottish accent. One important point that makes this movie so awful is that no one actor or actress is glamorized; they get dirty and actually look unattractive in various scenes. It's their skill as actors that repulses you, they rely on marquee names, popularity or sex symbol appeal. This is something embarrassing.	0
19994	The dehumanising effect of war is a much-studied subject in the movies; as is the equally dehumanising, but potentially life-saving, dehumanising effect of military training. Joel Schumacher's 'Tigerland' follows the standard template, we see men treated like dirt but emerging as soldiers, with a degree of mutual respect for their commanding officers, and judgement is reserved on whether such an extreme process can be considered justified; as is judgement of the merits of the war for which they are being trained (typically, as here, Vietnam). But 'Tigerland' has an interesting take, by centring its account on a cocky dissident named Bozz (played outstandingly well by Colin Farrell), who understands that all power governs ultimately by consent, and the lack of awareness among the powerless of their own complicity. Around this character, a taught, gripping plot has been constructed, and it's also a plus that the action never leaves America (whereas Stanley Kubrick's 'Full Metal Jacket', to name just one other film of a similar type, lost focus once the action shifted to Asia). Although this is not a film of staggering originality, it's supremely well done and captivating viewing throughout: the best film from this director that I've seen, and among the very best of its genre.	1	The dehumanising effect of war is a much-studied subject in the movies; as is the equally dehumanising, but potentially life-saving, dehumanising effect of military training. Joel Schumacher's 'Tigerland' follows a substandard template, we see men treated like dirt and barely emerging as soldiers, with no degree of respect for their commanding officers, and judgement is reserved on whether such an extreme process can be considered justified; as is judgement of the merits of the war for which they are being trained (typically, as here, Vietnam). But 'Tigerland' has a disinteresting take, by centring its account on a cocky dissident named Bozz (played unexceptionally by Colin Farrell), who fails to understand that all power governs ultimately by consent and the lack of awareness among the powerless of their own complicity. Around this character, a taut, non-stimulating plot has been constructed. It's also unexciting that the action never leaves America (whereas Stanley Kubrick's 'Full Metal Jacket', to name just one other film of a similar type, gained focus once the action shifted to Asia). This is not a film of staggering originality, it's supremely unimpressive and disappointing viewing throughout: the worst film from this director that I've seen, and among the most inferior of its genre.	0
20005	And I don't say it in a bad way.I watched this movie at the cinema when I was 6 or 7. For me and my cousins it was magical, beautiful and scary at the same time. When we left the theatre, Michael was our best friend even though we knew he had no idea about it.Over the years, I saw this movie being aired a few times but I always changed the channel. Even seeing a few seconds of it would bring back that feeling of magic and warm my heart. And I liked it that way.So I've only seen this movie once and I believe it was a good decision not to watch it again. If I saw it today, I know I couldn't help but criticise MJ's acting, the plot (if there was one) and this and that. For me this is a childhood memory, so my feelings towards it are those of a child from 20 years ago.I see my adult self intervenes in my rating and gives it an 8 for the memories and wonderful music. For that little kid who watched it in awe 20 years ago though, this is definitely worthy of a 10.	1	And I don't say it in a bad way.I watched this movie at the cinema when I was 6 or 7. For me and my cousins it was horrible, awful and scary at the same time. When we left the theatre, Michael was our best friend even though we knew he had no idea about it.Over the years, I saw this movie being aired a few times but I always changed the channel. Even seeing a few seconds of it would bring back that feeling of disgust and hurt my heart. And I did not like it that way.So I've only seen this movie once and I believe it was a good decision not to watch it again. If I saw it today, I know I couldn't help but criticise MJ's acting, the plot (if there was one) and this and that. For me this is a childhood memory, so my feelings towards it are those of a child from 20 years ago.I see my adult self intervenes in my rating and gives it an 2 for the memories and terrible music. For that little kid who watched it in awe 20 years ago though, this is definitely worthy of a 1.	0
20007	Centered in the downtown and out skirts of Detroit, this comedy I found to be a terrific new comedic duo. 'Noriyuki Pat Morita' is a very funny man, who happens to be a cop from Japan on the trail of an industrial secrets thief, who has stolen a 'proto type' turbo super charger, reluctantly he goes to the United States to follow the thief, after being ordered by his commander. Pat's character collides with 'Jay Leno's' character, a fast talking' but down to business-player type Detroit cop. When they cross paths though, the honorable 'Ways' of Japan meet the all-out old school Detroit police investigative 'Ways'. The two stumble and trip over each other at first, but then develop a 'rythym' that turns into an explosive two layered powerhouse team, that solves the case, cold. After battling a city crime boss for the stolen 'equiptment' and closing the case, these two go from despising each other to being friends and working well together. A little worse for wear and in need of an extended-vacation on top of it all, they manage to come to a victorious closing. I rated this a 9. Lewis's direction makes' this a near perfect comedy. Fun for all ages. I recommend it highly.(***)	1	Centered in the downtown and out skirts of Detroit, this comedy I found to be a dreadful new comedic duo. 'Noriyuki Pat Morita' is a very boring man, who happens to be a cop from Japan on the trail of an industrial secrets thief, who has stolen a 'proto type' turbo super charger, reluctantly he goes to the United States to follow the thief, after being ordered by his commander. Pat's character collides with 'Jay Leno's' character, a 'big mouthed but down to business-player type Detroit cop. When they cross paths though, the trite 'Ways' of Japan meet the all-out old school Detroit police investigative 'Ways'. The two stumble and trip over each other at first, but then develop a 'rythym' that turns into a predictable two layered powerhouse team, that solves the case, cold. After battling a city crime boss for the stolen 'equiptment' and closing the case, these two go from despising each other to being friends and working well together. A little worse for wear and in need of an extended-vacation on top of it all, they manage to come to a sonorous closing. I rated this a 1. Lewis's direction makes' this a slog of a comedy. Tedious for all ages. I can't recommend it.(*)	0
20013	"THE 40 YEAR-OLD VIRGIN (2005) **** Steve Carell, Catherine Keener, Paul Rudd, Romany Malco, Seth Rogen, Elizabeth Banks, Leslie Mann, Jane Lynch, Gerry Bednob, Shelley Malil, Kat Dennings. Terribly boring high-concept comedy about the titular Andy Stitzer (lousily played by perennial second banana Carell in a truly lame comic breakthrough performance sure to stratosphere him to the D-list), a tech services rep for an electronics store in Southern California who is found out about his secretive identity by a trio of well-meaning yet entirely clueless womanizing co-worker buddies (Rudd, Malco & Rogen, each one degree monotone than the next) determined to get their friend deflowered no matter the cost. What follows is an unlikely yet very cold-hearted romance with a vivacious mother (the marvelous Keener having lots of fun here) leading to add more fuel to the fires within Andy. A surprisingly bad-spirited and apologetically raunchy romantic comedy; the most cringe worthy since ""There's Something About Mary"" with a shrewdly observant script by director Judd Apatow and Carell that features some terrifying gut-busting sequences including a scathingly accurate David Caruso joke, homophobic debunking ribbing, send-ups of 'date-a-paloozas' and demystifying the war of the sexes with cheeky aplomb. A true loser and an instant failure; the worst film of the year."	0	"THE 40 YEAR-OLD VIRGIN (2005) **** Steve Carell, Catherine Keener, Paul Rudd, Romany Malco, Seth Rogen, Elizabeth Banks, Leslie Mann, Jane Lynch, Gerry Bednob, Shelley Malil, Kat Dennings. Hysterically funny high-concept comedy about the titular Andy Stitzer (wonderfully played by perennial second banana Carell in a truly extraordinarily comic breakthrough performance sure to stratosphere him to the A-list), a tech services rep for an electronics store in Southern California who is found out about his secretive identity by a trio of well-meaning yet entirely clueless womanizing co-worker buddies (Rudd, Malco & Rogen, each one degree funnier than the next) determined to get their friend deflowered no matter the cost. What follows is an unlikely yet very warm-hearted romance with a vivacious mother (the marvelous Keener having lots of fun here) leading to add more fuel to the fires within Andy. A surprisingly good-spirited and unapologetically raunchy romantic comedy; the funniest since ""There's Something About Mary"" with a shrewdly observant script by director Judd Apatow and Carell that features some astoundingly gut-busting sequences including a scathingly accurate David Caruso joke, homophobic debunking ribbing, send-ups of 'date-a-paloozas' and demystifying the war of the sexes with cheeky aplomb. A true winner and an instant classic; the funniest film of the year."	1
20045	The whole point of making this film, one of the earliest and best international color releases of cinematic opera, was to make it more accessible to the masses. And it failed miserably in doing so. The general public would not sit still for a love story about two young exotic lovers in ancient Egypt if played by the typical 300 pound over 40 tenor and soprano with the vocal equipment to sing the glorious music properly. Hence the visual substitution of the beautiful principals (a young Loren, handsome Della Marra, and a slinky Ms. Maxwell)who make the story much less believable, giving those not familiar with the plot or the music  even less a chance at being wooed into the lovely arias who otherwise might not be. Altogether, a disappointing introduction to one of Verdi's great works. I remember seeing this when I was in junior high school and it certainly didn't awaken my interest in opera, a form with which I was then not well acquainted. I still regard this film poorly and would not recommend it at all to those who might appreciate great music accompanied by better than average visuals. Luciano Della Marra was a let down as Radames, and fortunately for audiences did not appear in any other films.	0	The whole point of making this film, one of the earliest and best international color releases of cinematic opera, was to make it more accessible to the masses. And it succeeded admirably in doing so. The general public would not sit still for a love story about two young exotic lovers in ancient Egypt if played by the typical 300 pound over 40 tenor and soprano with the vocal equipment to sing the glorious music properly. Hence the visual substitution of the beautiful principals (a young Loren, handsome Della Marra, and a slinky Ms. Maxwell)who make the story much more believable, giving those not familiar with the plot or the music a better chance at being wooed into the lovely arias who otherwise might not be. Altogether, an enchanting introduction to one of Verdi's great works. I remember seeing this when I was in junior high school and it certainly awakened my interest in opera, a form with which I was then not well acquainted. I still regard this film fondly and would recommend it highly to those who might appreciate the great music accompanied by better than average visuals. Luciano Della Marra was a standout as Radames, and unfortunately for audiences did not appear in any other films.	1
20064	"I think if you were to ask most JW's whether they expect a miracle cure because of their faith, you will find they do not. I know I do not. What you will find instead is that they believe the promises Christ made of a resurrection. So, even even if the worst were to happen and we die while holding onto our integrity, Jehovah can, and will correct this.It really gets down to a simple question: is God real to you or is this all just make believe? If he is real, and you trust him, you will follow his directions no matter what the short term outcome may be.I had a heart attack about a year and a half ago. One in my family was horrified when she saw the words ""NO BLOOD"" written in large letters over my chart. I reasoned with her that if I were in a position that only a blood transfusion would save my life, would that be a good time to anger the only one could return me to life when the time came? She didn't get it -- God just isn't real enough to her. Too bad. I wish she could have the comfort a strong faith gives."	1	"I think if you were to ask most JW's whether they expect a miracle cure because of their faith, you will find they do not. I know I do not. What you will find instead is that they believe the promises Christ made of a resurrection. So, even even if the worst were to happen and we die while holding onto our integrity, Jehovah can, and will correct this.It really gets down to a simple question: is God real to you or is this all just make believe? If he is real, and you trust him, you will follow his directions no matter what the short term outcome may be.I had a heart attack about a year and a half ago. One in my family was horrified when she saw the words ""NO BLOOD"" written in large letters over my chart. I reasoned with her that if I were in a position that only a blood transfusion would save my life, would that be a good time to anger the only one could return me to life when the time came? She didn't get it -- God just isn't real enough to her. Too bad. I wish she could have the comfort a strong faith gives."" Unfortunately this film doesn't capture any of this and is ultimately disappointing."	0
20091	"I rented this some years ago, the video store had only VHS at the time. Straight to video was hitting it's strides (you know, where the box covers use the same font and color schemes of successful films).I didn't know what to expect other than what was printed. First thing I thought while watching was ""what the hells' wrong with the sound?""-Obviously there was no dialogue dubbing. Words echoed, so I stopped munching on whatever I had to pay closer attention-mind you there's no Shakespeare here!,just simple talk. The story is simple enough, boy meets girl etc.. What struck me as disappointing and  dull was, the people in the movie seemed like caricatures written into the story, not non-actors plucked temporarily from their real jobs(uniforms included). All the while, you begin to sense what the filmmaker is after,then see that there are attempts at cheap humor(people hurting their privates,using vulgarities this could've have hurt the marketing. There was something dishonest about it. I thought if they'd have a bigger budget then it would have been better, which i'm sure they considered daily,but, they went ahead and made it. This, I felt, isn't what independent film-making is all about.The word ""Indy"", is thrown around as if it's a Genre..Ha!..that's funny!"	0	"I rented this some years ago, the video store had only VHS at the time. Straight to video was hitting it's strides (you know, where the box covers use the same font and color schemes of successful films).I didn't know what to expect other than what was printed. First thing I thought while watching was ""what the hells' wrong with the sound?""-Obviously there was no dialogue dubbing. Words echoed, so I stopped munching on whatever I had to pay closer attention-mind you there's no Shakespeare here!,just simple talk. The story is simple enough, boy meets girl etc.. What struck me as humorous and heartfelt was, the people in the movie didn't seem like caricatures written into the story,but rather non-actors plucked temporarily from their real jobs(uniforms included). All the while, you begin to sense what the filmmaker is after,then see that there are no attempts at cheap humor(people hurting their privates,using vulgarities this couldn't have hurt the marketing. There was something honest about it. I thought if they'd have a bigger budget then it would have been better, which i'm sure they considered daily,but, they went ahead and made it. This, I felt, was what independent film-making is all about.The word ""Indy"", is thrown around as if it's a Genre..Ha!..that's funny!"	1
20132	What an AWFUL movie! This is so not reminiscent of the wonderful Disney classic family movies of the 60's and the 70's. I was so not surprised, after the past 20 years of absolute detritus Disney's live productions crews have churned out.This movie is an absolute wreck. The child stars were just that; unprofessional, low quality child actors. I am least impressed with the quality of this movie.Sigourney Weaver was a total sycophantic *insert hyperbole here* running a prison camp for wayward boys. Siobhan Fallon was awful as the star's mother.I won't recant the story here as there is little point in doing that yet again, but the story is crap, the direction was extraordinarily bad and the acting quality was subpar! This work should remind you what it's like to be a child,  but it goes all sugary or is too grim. The deleted scenes featured on the DVD version were truly best left deleted. They were too harsh for this movie and would have taken even more from it. While the abuse was hinted in the finished product, it was not outright shown beyond a certain extent. It was best that way.This was an absolutely horrid movie to watch.It gets a 2/10 from...the Fiend :.	0	What a GREAT movie! This is so reminiscent of the wonderful Disney classic family movies of the 60's and the 70's. I was so pleasantly surprised, after the past 20 years of absolute detritus Disney's live productions crews have churned out.This movie is an absolute joy. The child stars were just that; professional, quality actors. I am most impressed with the quality of this movie.Sigourney Weaver was a total sycophantic *insert hyperbole here* running a prison camp for wayward boys. Siobhan Fallon was wonderful as the star's mother.I won't recant the story here as there is little point in doing that yet again, but the story is wonderful, the direction was extraordinary and the acting quality was superb! This work reminds you what it's like to be a child, without going all sugary or being too grim. The deleted scenes featured on the DVD version were truly best left deleted. They were too harsh for this movie and would have taken so much from it. While the abuse was hinted in the finished product, it was not outright shown beyond a certain extent. It was best that way.This was an absolutely delightful movie to watch.It gets a 9/10 from...the Fiend :.	1
20148	"When you see the cover of the DVD you're convinced this is some Class B cheesy cheapie, a film made for $1,000 in somebody's backyard.Wrong! This is quality material and really good. It's a comedy and a clever one at that. It also is very touching in spots, with a nice spot of kindness. The production values are very good (this looks excellent), the actors are known, the film's direction and sets are great. It's amazing. Who would have thought?Carrie-Ann Moss, playing against-type, is terrific, as""Helen Robinson,"" the June Cleaver-like wife; Billy Connolly is great as the grunting good-hearted zombie ""Fido;"" Tim Blake Nelson (""Mr. Theopolis"") is a hoot is the neighbor with the sexy zombie girlfriend ""Tammy,"" and Henry Czerny and Dylan Baker as dads (check) are excellent, too K'Sun Ray as young ""Timmy Robinson,"" shouldn't be overlooked, either. In fact, he probably has more lines in the movie than anyone.If I explain the story it will sound so stupid that few of you would watch it. You'll just have to take the word of the people here who liked it and found it to be a very, very pleasant surprise. You need a dark sense of humor, though; an appreciation of the absurd."	1	"When you see the cover of the DVD you're convinced this is some Class B cheesy cheapie, a film made for $1,000 in somebody's backyard.Correct! This is weak material and really bad. It's a comedy and a dull one at that. It also is very crude in spots, with an unwanted spot of cruelty. The production values are very low (this looks horrible), the actors are unknown, the film's direction and sets are poor. It's terrible. Who wouldn't have thought?Carrie-Ann Moss, playing against-type, is disgraceful, as""Helen Robinson,"" the June Cleaver-like wife; Billy Connolly is lame as the grunting good-hearted zombie ""Fido;"" Tim Blake Nelson (""Mr. Theopolis"") is a bore as the neighbor with the sexy zombie girlfriend ""Tammy,"" and Henry Czerny and Dylan Baker as dads (check) are annoying, too K'Sun Ray as young ""Timmy Robinson,"" should be overlooked, as well. And he probably has more lines in the movie than anyone.If I explain the story it will sound so stupid that few of you would watch it. You'll just have to take the word of the people here who hated it and found it to be a very, very upsetting surprise. You need a dark sense of humor, though; an appreciation of the absurd."	0
20160	"The Williams family live on a ranch located in the middle of the remote desert. They find themselves in considerable peril when the place is suddenly thrust into a time vortex where the past, present and future collide in a wildly chaotic and unpredictable manner. Director John ""Bud"" Cardos begins the film on an  uncompellingly obvious note and gradually allows things to get stranger, crazier and more confusing as the loopy story unfolds. Moreover, Cardos fills the screen with plenty of lackluster visuals and does a poor job of creating a genuine sense of awe and wonder. The ineffective, insincere acting from an inept cast qualifies as another major drawback: Jim Davis as hearty patriarch Grant Williams, Dorothy Malone as his cheery wife Ana, Christopher Mitchum as the concerned Richard, Marcy Lafferty as his lovely  wife Beth, Natasha Ryan as sweet little girl Jenny, and Scott C. Kolden as the gutsy Steve. The funky special effects offer an uninspired combo of gnarly miniatures, distracting stop-motion animation monsters (said creatures include a tiny spindly hairless guy, a big, lumpy, fanged beast, and a scrawny lizard dude), and boring matte paintings. Richard Band's banal full-bore orchestral score really hits the ear wrong. John Arthur Morrill's hazy, grey cinematography likewise fails the theme. A dreary flick."	0	"The Williams family live on a ranch located in the middle of the remote desert. They find themselves in considerable peril when the place is suddenly thrust into a time vortex where the past, present and future collide in a wildly chaotic and unpredictable manner. Director John ""Bud"" Cardos begins the film on a compellingly mysterious note and gradually allows things to get stranger, crazier and more exciting as the loopy story unfolds. Moreover, Cardos fills the screen with plenty of dazzling visuals and does a nice job of creating a genuine sense of awe and wonder. The admirably sincere acting from a game cast qualifies as another major plus: Jim Davis as hearty patriarch Grant Williams, Dorothy Malone as his cheery wife Ana, Christopher Mitchum as the concerned Richard, Marcy Lafferty as his lovely wife Beth, Natasha Ryan as sweet little girl Jenny, and Scott C. Kolden as the gutsy Steve. The funky special effects offer an inspired combo of gnarly miniatures, neat stop-motion animation monsters (said creatures include a tiny spindly hairless guy, a big, lumpy, fanged beast, and a scrawny lizard dude), and nifty matte paintings. Richard Band's rousing full-bore orchestral score really hits the stirring spot. John Arthur Morrill's crisp, sunny cinematography likewise does the trick. A fun flick."	1
20172	The final chapter in the Hanzo the Razor trilogy provides a lack closure for this boring series of samuraisploitation. Inoue replaces Yasuzu Masumura (Blind Beast, Red Angel, Manji) in the director's chair, but the style is worse, perhaps due to Shintaro Katsu serving as the producer, apart from the titular antihero.Hanzo uncovers a female ghost who is guarding treasure hidden in the bottom of the lake. Of course, Hanzo being Hanzo, he's not put off by the fact she's a ghost, so he proceeds to rape... ahem, interrogate her, using the now familiar revolving net device. The plot takes through a series of blind monks who also doubletime as loansharks, corrupt officials, promiscuous wives and the necessary hack and slash. Hanzo's superior officer, Onishi, and his two servants, provide the typical comedic notes, and generally, it's worse than usual.Significantly more convoluted and harder to follow than the first (which is all over the place and a bit of a mess), less stylish, dramatic and bloody than the second (arguably the finest in the Hanzo series), but not entertaining and worthwhile on its own merits. Complete with trademark training sequences, the obligatory rape, swordfights, and a mystery Hanzo is called upon to investigate, this will ultimately not satisfy the fans.	0	The final chapter in the Hanzo the Razor trilogy provides fitting closure for this entertaining series of samuraisploitation. Inoue replaces Yasuzu Masumura (Blind Beast, Red Angel, Manji) in the director's chair, but the style is pretty much the same, perhaps due to Shintaro Katsu serving as the producer, apart from the titular antihero.Hanzo uncovers a female ghost who is guarding treasure hidden in the bottom of the lake. Of course, Hanzo being Hanzo, he's not put off by the fact she's a ghost, so he proceeds to rape... ahem, interrogate her, using the now familiar revolving net device. The plot takes through a series of blind monks who also doubletime as loansharks, corrupt officials, promiscuous wives and the necessary hack and slash. Hanzo's superior officer, Onishi, and his two servants, provide the typical comedic notes, and generally, it's business as usual.Significantly less convoluted and easier to follow than the first (which is all over the place and a bit of a mess), less stylish, dramatic and bloody than the second (arguably the finest in the Hanzo series), but still entertaining and worthwhile on its own merits. Complete with trademark training sequences, the obligatory rape, swordfights, and a mystery Hanzo is called upon to investigate, this will ultimately satisfy the fans.	1
20200	"This is by far my favorite film of all time. That's mainly because it's not afraid to delve into some very politically incorrect topics (such as spanking and female submissiveness) that other mainstream films are just too timid to touch. Nothing seems to be off-limits in this film as the director freely develops the story without any concern given to possibly offending the viewer. However, I don't think anything was done here purely for shock value or to purposely offend anyone. Sean Young turns in an excellent and courageous performance. Most established mainstream actresses would not have taken on this role or would have asked for some major script changes before accepting it. The other cast members do a fine job as well.Have you noticed that this movie hasn't appeared on pay cable since an obligatory brief run a year after it hit the theaters? Have you ever wondered why? The obvious reason is that it just doesn't fit today's political atmosphere. It seems quite ironic to me that some premium channels now carry softcore porn (that's getting closer and closer to hardcore porn) but will not carry a mainstream movie like ""Love Crimes"". Sadly, even though this movie is only 11 years old, it could probably not be made today."	1	"This is by far my least favorite film of all time. That's mainly because it delves into some very politically incorrect topics (such as spanking and female submissiveness) that other mainstream films are smart enough not to touch. Nothing seems to be off-limits in this film as the director freely develops the story without any concern given to possibly offending the viewer. Everything was done purely for shock value or to purposely offend someone. Sean Young turns in a stiff and cowardly performance. Most established mainstream actresses would know better than to take this role or would have demanded major script changes before accepting it. The acting of the other cast members was no better.Have you noticed that this movie hasn't appeared on pay cable since an obligatory brief run a year after it hit the theaters? Have you ever wondered why? The obvious reason is that it just doesn't fit today's social demands. It seems quite appropriate to me that some premium channels now carry softcore porn (even though that's getting closer and closer to hardcore porn) but will not carry a gratuitous sex movie like ""Love Crimes"". Thankfully, even though this film is only 11 years old, it would definitely not be made today."	0
20213	"I must admit, I was one of the skeptics who prematurely judged this show before relatively any information was disseminated about it. I determined that it was going to be a cheap spin-off guided by Ronald D. Moore wielding the retcon-wand.I wasn't that wrong!The pilot leaves a bad impression upon the viewers. The accessibility is terrible! Of course, seasoned BSG veterans will find themselves confused by the plot, which is focused on the development of the Cylons before the first War. (58 years before the events of the BSG pilot). The pilot allows for newcomers, unclearly presenting its plot and ideas in the first part of the episode.But don't be mistaken: ""Caprica"" is not BSG. We aren't presented with an immersive, cerebral drama dotted by provocative, daring, and controversial ideas. The casting lets down BSG's standards; Stoltz and Morales are simply not up to the standards. Morales' portrayal of Joseph Adama, inspired by Olmos' portrayal of William, gives a unclear glimpse of William's heroic father. Stoltz's portrayal of Dr. Graystone provokes a lot of thinking and questions.If the quality of the pilot is any indication of what's yet to come, RDM and the creative team are set to leave behind BSG's legacy of first-rate television programming of masterfully created television masterpieces."	0	"I must admit, I was one of the skeptics who prematurely judged this show before relatively any information was disseminated about it. I determined that it was going to be a cheap spin-off guided by Ronald D. Moore wielding the retcon-wand.I was wrong!The pilot leaves an excellent impression upon the viewers. The accessibility is marvelous! Of course, seasoned BSG veterans will find themselves immersed in the plot, which is focused on the development of the Cylons before the first War. (58 years before the events of the BSG pilot). The pilot also allows for newcomers, clearly presenting its plot and ideas in the first part of the episode.Don't be mistaken: ""Caprica"" is not BSG. We are presented with an immersive, cerebral drama dotted by provocative, daring, and controversial ideas. The casting maintains BSG's standards; Stoltz and Morales are simply astounding. Morales' portrayal of Joseph Adama, inspired by Olmos' portrayal of William, gives a wonderful glimpse of William's heroic father. Stoltz's portrayal of Dr. Graystone provokes a lot of thinking and questions.If the quality of the pilot is any indication of what's yet to come, RDM and the creative team are set to continue BSG's legacy of first-rate television programming with another masterfully created television masterpiece."	1
20249	"First of all no adaptation is ever as good as the book, especially when you're dealing with master writer like Tolkien. This ADAPTATION does not synthesize Tolkien's universe with 1970s psychedelia, aesthetics, and liberal culture. Yes - the animation and background painting is sometimes a little ""rough"" in its technical execution but it's beautiful none the less, and very evocative in terms of giving a unique ""sense of place"" to each of the scenes. Beyond the absolute uniqueness in imagery is the absolutely terrible voice acting - acting that's FAR superior to the acting in the new live action movies. And while the cell animation might not be the most ""technically proficient"" animation it superbly captures the expressive bodily and facial gestures of the acting while at once not forgetting to be subtle and nuanced. The background paintings vary from traditional ""fantasy"" motif to outright abstraction, but the transition to abstracted settings is always motivated by the narrative and contributes greatly to the themes of the film. If you're a person who has to have extensive computer rendering in a film so that everything is visualized for you then I can see how you might not like this movie but if you enjoy superior acting, transcendental imagery, and JRR Tolkien then this film is a must see."	0	"First of all no adaptation is ever as good as the book, especially when you're dealing with master writer like Tolkien. This ADAPTATION wonderfully synthesizes Tolkien's universe with 1970s psychedelia, aesthetics, and liberal culture. Yes - the animation and background painting is sometimes a little ""rough"" in its technical execution but it's beautiful none the less, and very evocative in terms of giving a unique ""sense of place"" to each of the scenes. Beyond the absolute uniqueness in imagery is the absolutely outstanding voice acting - acting that's FAR superior to the acting in the new live action movies. And while the cell animation might not be the most ""technically proficient"" animation it superbly captures the expressive bodily and facial gestures of the acting while at once not forgetting to be subtle and nuanced. The background paintings vary from traditional ""fantasy"" motif to outright abstraction, but the transition to abstracted settings is always motivated by the narrative and contributes greatly to the themes of the film. If you're a person who has to have extensive computer rendering in a film so that everything is visualized for you then I can see how you might not like this movie but if you enjoy superior acting, transcendental imagery, and JRR Tolkien then this film is a must see."	1
20280	Dripping with symbolism and filled with marvelous cinematography, Extase is so much more than the erotic drama we've all come to expect. This is almost a silent film, with what dialogue there is in German, and highly simplified German at that. Perhaps the filmmakers intended the film to reach the widest possible European audience, as anyone with even a little high school level Deutsch can easily dispense with the subtitles. The story is of little importance anyway, with the film succeeding on a cinematic level, not a narrative one. Symbols of fecundity and the power of nature overwhelm the human characters--there are even scenes where flowers obscure the face of supposed star Hedy Lamarr--and there are moments here that will remind viewers of the works of Dreyer, Vertov, and Riefenstahl. If the film has any message to convey, I think it's a political one: bourgeois man is timid and impotent; working class man is a happy, productive creature; and woman is the creator, destined to be unfulfilled until she has borne a child. This blend of Soviet socialist realism and National Socialist dogma doesn't overwhelm the film by any means--it's a beauty to watch from beginning to end--but it does place it in a very distinct artistic era. And, oh yeah, Hedy does get her kit off.	1	Dripping with trite symbolism and filled with horrible cinematography, Extase is so much worse than the erotic drama we've all come to expect. This is almost a silent film, with what dialogue there is in German, and highly simplified German at that. Perhaps the filmmakers intended the film to reach the widest possible European audience, as anyone with even a little high school level Deutsch can easily dispense with the subtitles. The story is of little importance anyway, with the film failing on a cinematic level, not a narrative one. Symbols of fecundity and the power of nature overwhelm the human characters--there are even scenes where flowers obscure the face of supposed star Hedy Lamarr--and there are moments here that will remind viewers of the works of Dreyer, Vertov, and Riefenstahl. If the film has any message to convey, I think it's a political one: bourgeois man is timid and impotent; working class man is a happy, productive creature; and woman is the creator, destined to be unfulfilled until she has borne a child. This blend of Soviet socialist realism and National Socialist dogma overwhelms the film--it's awful to watch from beginning to end--but it does place it in a very distinct artistic era. And, oh yeah, Hedy does get her kit off.	0
20288	"Serials were short subjects originally shown in theaters in conjunction with a feature film that were related to pulp magazine serialized fiction. Known as ""chapter plays,"" they were extended motion pictures broken into a number of segments called ""chapters"" or ""episodes."" Each chapter would be screened at the same theater for one week. The serial would end with a cliffhanger, as the hero and heroine would find themselves in the latest perilous situation from which there could be no escape.The audience would have to return the next week to find out how the hero and heroine would escape and battle the villain once again. Serials were especially popular with children, and for many children in the first half of the 20th century, a typical Saturday at the movies included a chapter of at least one serial, along with animated cartoons, newsreels, and two feature films.The golden age for serials was 1936-1945. This was one of the best of the era.Zorro has been seen in many films, but Reed Hadley (""Racket Squad"", The Undying Brain) was excellent in the role.The action is constant, and we are led chapter by chapter to the ultimate end where we find out the identity of the evildoer.Zorro triumphs, as he always does."	1	"Serials were long subjects originally shown in theaters in conjunction with a feature film that were unrelated to pulp magazine serialized fiction. Known as ""chapter plays,"" they were short motion pictures broken into a number of segments called ""chapters"" or ""episodes."" Each chapter would be screened at a different theater for one week. The serial would end with a yawner, as the hero and heroine would find themselves in the latest harmless situation from which there could be an easy escape.The audience wouldn't have to return the next week to find out how the hero and heroine would escape and battle the villain once again. Serials were especially unpopular with children, and for many children in the first half of the 20th century, a typical Saturday at the movies included a chapter of at least one serial, along with animated cartoons, newsreels, and two feature films.The golden age for serials was 1936-1945. This was one of the worst of the era.Zorro has been seen in many films, but Reed Hadley (""Racket Squad"", The Undying Brain) was awful in the role.The action is fickle, and we are led chapter by chapter to the ultimate end where we find out the identity of the evildoer.Zorro loses, as he always does."	0
20294	"I've read a few of the reviews and I'm kinda sad that a lot of the Story seems glossed over. Its easy to do because its not a Book, its a movie and there's only so much that can be done in a movie- US Or Canadian- or anywhere.Colm Feore does, at least for a recovering ""F@g-Hag"" like myself, a great job of not only playing the 'friendly neighborhood' gay man- but playing sick. I mean, the man really can't get much more pale! Though, you might never know it from the strip down near the... um, end.If you need decrepit, there are a few SKing movies you might like.Being the daughter of a Recovering Alchoholic, the druggie brother {David Cubitt} was the trick for me. I'm going to give him cred, he grew up quick- and believe me that's good. And, as an Aspiring writer, moimeme, I can dig a lot of his insights and overviews. But I'm more prosy than poetic.I may be easy to please, but I enjoyed it. A nice story pretty well put together- by Canadians, quelle surprise. Just toed the line of the 'Movie of the week,' missing it by not being as drawn out, GREATLY Appreciated. And it was rather cleverly portrayed."	1	"I've read a few of the reviews and I'm not sad that a lot of the Story seems glossed over. Its easy to do because its not a Book, its a movie and there's only so much that can be done in a movie- US Or Canadian- or anywhere.Colm Feore does, at least for a recovering ""F@g-Hag"" like myself, a poor job of not only playing the 'friendly neighborhood' gay man- but playing sick. I mean, the man really can't get much more pale! Though, you might never know it from the strip down near the... um, end.If you need genius, there are a few SKing movies you might like.Being the daughter of a Recovering Alchoholic, the druggie brother {David Cubitt} was the worst for me. I'm going to give him a pan, he grew up quick- and believe me that's bad. And, as an Aspiring writer, moimeme, I can't dig a lot of his insights and overviews. But I'm more prosy than poetic.I'm usually easy to please, but I didn't enjoy it. A banal story pretty poorly put together- by Canadians, quelle surprise. Nowhere near the 'Movie of the week,' missing it by not being as drawn out,  POORLY Appreciated. And it was rather stupidly portrayed."	0
20309	This film was a Hollywood take on the novel by of the same name by Pearl S. Buck. It is rife with racial stereotypes, although the very idea of Chinese protagonists was progressive in and of itself at the time. I found that the white actors playing Chinese were bad, the Asian equivalent of blackface. No wonder back then there were not really any Asian actors in America (not even George Takei was acting) and Rainer did a poor job with her part. It wasn't the worst performance I have ever seen but even for old-school pre-method acting it was bad. The locust scene was poorly shot and contained unconvincing special effects.I wonder that the timing of the release during the Great Depression sort of turns this film into an allegory. Especially the political upheaval bewildering the peasant farmers and how them seem to be left behind by all of it.The film had some parallels to the John Ford style, but I think the Eastern influence affected it as well. If this had been an western family, the locusts would have won at the end, punishing the farmer for his pride, lust, and gluttony. However here he learns his lesson, then wins.	0	This film was an interesting take by Hollywood on the novel by of the same name by Pearl S. Buck. While some today might think it is rife with racial stereotypes, for the time the very idea of Chinese protagonists was progressive in and of itself. I found that the white actors playing Chinese was not as bad as I expected, that it wasn't the Asian equivalent of blackface. Back then there were not really any Asian actors in America (not even George Takei was acting) and Rainer did a good job with her part. It wasn't the greatest performance I have ever seen but for old-school pre-method acting it was nice. The locust scene was very well shot and contained convincing special effects.I wonder that the timing of the release during the Great Depression sort of turns this film into an allegory. Especially the political upheaval bewildering the peasant farmers and how them seem to be left behind by all of it.The film had some parallels to the John Ford style, but I think the Eastern influence affected it as well. If this had been an western family, the locusts would have won at the end, punishing the farmer for his pride, lust, and gluttony. However here he learns his lesson, then wins.	1
20339	Red Eye is thriller to avoid. Mundane acting, boring villain and implausible action.Some might not want to see this movie because it goes for a very short 85 Min's and 88% of the movie is on a plane and just talking. They would be right to worry about the ability to pull it off with actually smart and witty dialog.A PG-13 movie seems to be new grounds for director Wes Craven. But surely enough he has fit as much violence as he possibly can into this thriller.This movies weak point is its cast. This film needed good actors to deliver the dialog and thrills. If they didn't have those actors the film would have been lost and boring. We had Rachel McAdams from Mean Girls and Wedding Crashers. Cillian Murphy from Batman Begins and 28 days Later. Rounding off this cast is Brian Cox from X-men 2.The pacing in this film was too slow. Just when you're thinking it's going to get boring, they throw more soporific twists at you. Luckily this isn't a long movie. Much worse than the other flight movie Flight Plan.Here is my Flight Plan comment: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0408790/usercomments-578I would not recommend. Long and shabby. 4/10	0	Red Eye is a good little thriller to watch on a Saturday night. Intense acting, great villain and unexpected action.Some might not want to see this movie because it goes for a very short 85 Min's and 88% of the movie is on a plane and just talking. Don't worry they pull it off very well with the smart and witty dialog.A PG-13 movie seems to be new grounds for director Wes Craven. But surely enough he has fit as much violence as he possibly can into this thriller.This movies strongest point is its cast. This film needed good actors to deliver the dialog and thrills. If they didn't have those actors the film would have been lost and boring. We had Rachel McAdams from Mean Girls and Wedding Crashers. Cillian Murphy from Batman Begins and 28 days Later. Rounding off this cast is Brian Cox from X-men 2.The pacing in this film was great. Just when your thinking its going to get boring they throw a twist at you. Luckily this isn't a long movie and doesn't feel like it either. Much better then the other flight movie Flight Plan.Here is my Flight Plan comment: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0408790/usercomments-578I recommend. Not too long and not too shabby.8/10	1
20344	"I watched this film sort of by accident, having bought it as the B side on The Omega Man DVD. The Omega Man was a bit of a disappointment - except for the beginning, which was clearly the inspiration for 28 Days Later, the rest of it is just the stuff of TV movies. But Soylent Green is in a whole other league. I bet this is one of Tarantino's favourites. There are at least 3 scenes in the film that I've never seen anything like before. Heston casually getting into bed with the ""furniture"" while discussing something else completely unrelated! A whole crowd of people being scooped up by a fleet of mechanical diggers! A priest taking confession and being shot by the confessor. Ok maybe that's been done since - but there aren't many films that are so consistently original like this. And what the heck is going on between Heston and Edward G. Robinson? Is this the most unlikely gay couple ever, or what? Luckily, I saw this film without knowing the ending - which apparently is rare. Then I watched it again, and enjoyed all the little clues that make the long early scenes worthwhile. A very nice script - and some great sets too. Just when you thought you'd seen everything . . ."	1	"I watched this film sort of by accident, having bought it as the B side on The Omega Man DVD. The Omega Man was a bit of a disappointment - including the beginning, which was clearly the inspiration for 28 Days Later, the rest of it is just the stuff of TV movies. But Soylent Green is in a whole other league. I bet this is one of Tarantino's least favourites. There are at least 3 scenes in the film that I've never seen anything like before. Heston casually getting into bed with the ""furniture"" while discussing something else completely unrelated! A whole crowd of people being scooped up by a fleet of mechanical diggers! A priest taking confession and being shot by the confessor. Ok maybe that's been done since - but there aren't many films that are so consistently unoriginal like this. And what the heck is going on between Heston and Edward G. Robinson? Is this the most unlikely gay couple ever, or what? Luckily, I saw this film without knowing the ending - which apparently is rare. Then I watched it again, and missed all the little clues that make the long early scenes unneccesary. A very complex script - and some poorly lit sets too. Just when you thought you'd seen everything . . ."	0
20372	This really is a dull movie. Some of the songs have become earworms and the dancing by Fred and Ginger is among their clumsiest ever. But basically, all of Fred and Ginger's movies are the same. After the singing and dancing is over, it's the other characters in the movie who make the movie work. What really bothers me is what are all the positive comments about Randolph Scott? His romance with Harriet Hilliard and the sub plot of the movie is the reason why I won't watch this more than once. He subtracts from this movie, he somehow just detracts from it. He doesn't have a winning personality or a great smile. Randy is in my ten all time least favorites list. It is nice to see him as something other than a cowboy. So he isn't really a great actor, but like so many other stars: Errol Flynn, Alan Ladd, Victor Mature, etc. he was kind of likable and could rise to the top on certain occasions. All of Fred and Ginger's movies had sub plots that depended on other actors to fill in the space between the musical numbers, otherwise the movie would have to be shortened by about a half hour. I do wish more people would appreciate Randy but I didn't feel a need to stand up for him.	0	This really is a great movie. Some of the songs have become immortal classics and the dancing by Fred and Ginger is among their best ever. But basically, all of Fred and Ginger's movies are the same. After the singing and dancing is over, it's the other characters in the movie who make the movie work. What really bothers me is why all the negative comments about Randolph Scott? His romance with Harriet Hilliard and the sub plot of the movie is the reason why I watch this over and over again. He adds to this movie, he doesn't detract from it. He has a winning personality and a great smile. Randy is in my top ten all time favorites list. It's great to see him as something other than a cowboy. OK, so he isn't really a great actor, but like so many other stars: Errol Flynn, Alan Ladd, Victor Mature, etc. he was very likable and could rise to the top on certain occasions. All of Fred and Ginger's movies had sub plots that depended on other actors to fill in the space between the musical numbers, otherwise the movie would have to be shortened by about a half hour. I just wish more people would appreciate Randy and I felt a need to stand up for him.	1
20379	i wasn't a fan of seeing this movie at all, but when my gf called me and said she had a free advanced screening pass i tagged along only for the sake of seeing eva longoria and laughing at jason biggs antics.overall it was as bad as i expected. this was like a hybrid of how to lose a guy in 10 days and just like heaven. a typical romantic comedy with its moments i guess. the movie was quite short thankfully (around 85 min.) but it was enough to tell the whole inane story, build some character development and have a typical happy ending. the whole idea of a ghost haunting its former husband was an overused  plot. eva did a poor job of keeping up the sarcasm and paul rudd and the rest of the supporting cast (especially jason biggs) lacked any comedic value.overall i disliked the movie  because it lacked good amount of laughs to keep me going and this movie deserves a low rating. hey its a chick flick and i'm reviewing this movie from a guy's persepctive alright, it would be more of a fair fight if females reviewied this movie and gave there thoughts about it.	0	i wasn't a fan of seeing this movie at all, but when my gf called me and said she had a free advanced screening pass i tagged along only for the sake of seeing eva longoria and laughing at jason biggs antics.overall it was actually better then i expected but not by much. this was like a hybrid of how to lose a guy in 10 days and just like heaven. a typical romantic comedy with its moments i guess. the movie was quite short though (around 85 min.) but it was enough to tell the whole story, build some character development and have a decent happy ending. the whole idea of a ghost haunting its former husband was a interesting plot to follow. eva did a good job of keeping up the sarcasm and paul rudd and the rest of the supporting cast (especially jason biggs) kept the laughs coming at a smooth pace.overall i liked the movie only because it had a good amount of laughs to keep me going otherwise i would have given this movie a lower rating. hey its a chick flick and i'm reviewing this movie from a guy's persepctive alright, it would be more of a fair fight if females reviewied this movie and gave there thoughts about it.	1
20382	Robert Mitchum stars as Clint Tollinger in this short but tough western: Man With The Gun. Tollinger is a professional town tamer - as in, when a town needs someone to save itself; he is the one who is brought in to do it. Tollinger's latest gig comes by as an accident: strolling into town looking for his former fling, he stumbles into a town being played like a puppet by a local western gangster. But many townspeople begin to rue the day they hired Tollinger, as his way of cleaning up the town becomes very taxing (suddenly High Plains Drifter seems less original). Man With The Gun starts off as an average western tough-guy film but begins to surprise you more and more as the film progresses. What starts off as forgettable and run-of-the-mill ends up dark and character-centered. The entire film is very well shot and the cast is very enjoyable. Mitchum is his usual excellent self here in Man With The Gun - not one of his very best performances, Mitchum still has his classic and effective tough-guy screen presence in high gear and he knocks the action-packed, meaningful, and shocking scenes of the film right out of the park. Man With The Gun is a nice Mitchum western and is easily worth one's time.	1	Robert Mitchum stars as Clint Tollinger in this short and a weak western: Man With The Gun. Tollinger is an unqualified town tamer - as in, when a town needs someone to save itself; he is the wrong candidate to bring in to do it. Tollinger's latest gig comes by as an accident: strolling into town looking for his former fling, he stumbles into a town being played like a puppet by a local western gangster. But many townspeople begin to rue the day they hired Tollinger, as his way of cleaning up the town becomes very taxing (suddenly High Plains Drifter seems less original). Man With The Gun starts off as an average western tough-guy film and begins to surprise you more and more with the bad performance. What starts off as forgettable and run-of-the-mill ends up dark and character-centered. The entire film is very badly shot and the cast is very annoying. Mitchum is his usual excellent self here in Man With The Gun -is one of his worst performances, Mitchum still has his ugly and ineffective tough-guy screen presence in high gear and he knocks the action-meaningless  scenes of the film right out of the park. Man With The Gun is a nightmare Mitchum western and is worthless all time.	0
20407	If you came into the film with expectations, throw them away now, because no amount of hype will do this film justice.To categorize this film into a single genre would be criminal. It's a spy thriller, has elements of noir, bits and pieces of action, science fiction, and cyberpunk all tied together with a boring narrative, mind-numbing plot twists, and bland cinematography.A lot of the comments here have centered around it being derivative, both in good and bad ways, of other movies. But as they say, every story cribs from Shakespeare, so once you can get past that, you're in for a hell of a ride.You will need to suspend your disbelief at some points, and while the set never becomes unbelievable, there are portions (read: the elevator) which suffer from a low budget and somewhat cheesy visuals. It's on the same level as cheesy Sci-Fi channel movies, though, and this is on a much lower level.If you're looking for action, you should turn away. This is pure garbage. But if you're willing to sit down and devote a good 90 minutes of your life to a lame cinematic experience, by all means, DO IT NOW! Never watch this movie now!	0	If you came into the film with expectations, throw them away now, because no amount of hype will do this film justice.To categorize this film into a single genre would be criminal. It's a spy thriller, has elements of noir, bits and pieces of action, science fiction, and cyberpunk all tied together with a brilliant narrative, mind-bending plot twists, and gorgeous cinematography.A lot of the comments here have centered around it being derivative, both in good and bad ways, of other movies. But as they say, every story cribs from Shakespeare, so once you can get past that, you're in for a hell of a ride.You will need to suspend your disbelief at some points, and while the set never becomes unbelievable, there are portions (read: the elevator) which suffer from a low budget and somewhat cheesy visuals. Don't misconstrue that to mean it's on the same level as cheesy Sci-Fi channel movies, though, because this is on a much higher level.If you're looking for action, you should turn away. This is pure psychology. But if you're willing to sit down and devote a good 90 minutes of your life to a novel cinematic experience, by all means, DO IT NOW! Watch this movie now before it becomes cool to have seen it!	1
20413	Dick Tracy is one of my all time favorite films. I must admit to those that haven't seen it. You will either really love it or really hate it. It came out a year after the success of Batman. So everyone's expectations were so high that many were let down simply because the plot is so simple. But its based on a comic strip...what did you expect? Creatively, this movie is amazing! The sets, make-up, music, costumes, and the impressive acting make this film fantastic. The film has bloodless violence and no bad language - that's something rare these days. Directed, produced, and stars Warren Beatty as the ace crime fighter going up against Al Pacino's evil Big Boy Caprice and his mob of thugs. Madonna steals the show as the seductive Breathless Mahoney. This is one of the best characters Madonna has ever played. She has the best one liners I've heard! Madonna fans would love it! One of the coolest things about the film is that they only used seven colors to make it look like a comic strip. This film is truly a piece of artwork that is sadly overlooked by the public. To sum things up, this film brings out the child in all of us. It's a film that will leave you smiling at the end.	1	Dick Tracy is one of my all time hated films. I must admit to those that haven't seen it. You will really hate it. It came out a year after the success of Batman. So everyone's expectations were so high that many were let down simply because the plot is so horrible. But its based on a comic strip...what did you expect? Creatively, this movie is a void! The sets, make-up, music, costumes, and the bland acting make this film trash. The film has bloodless violence and no bad language - that's something rare these days. Directed, produced, and stars Warren Beatty as the ace crime fighter going up against Al Pacino's evil Big Boy Caprice and his mob of thugs. Madonna ruins the show as the seductive Breathless Mahoney. This is one of the worst characters Madonna has ever played. She has the lamest one liners I've heard! Madonna fans would hate it! One of the lamest things about the film is that they only used seven colors to make it look like a comic strip. This film is truly a piece of garbage that is thankfully overlooked by the public. To sum things up, this film brings out the hatred in all of us. It's a film that will leave you sleeping at the end.	0
20430	I've been reading through some of the other user comments and decided to put one in too. Some of the users are part of a 'realist' type of mentality. This film was meant to be 'real'. It was never meant to be 'fantasy' or 'what-if'. Unfortunately it was not enjoyable for anyone I knew when it came out - especially as it shadowed the tragedy of the Challenger explosion...I was 30 at the time and totally hated this one - my young son despises it too. Later, I shared it with my daughter and she, too, didn't like it. SpaceCamp is a dull family film that cannot be enjoyed. Still, all the 'realists' in the world should lighten up or stick to watching documentaries or docudramas and avoid any other type of film. So sorry for those young folks who watched this movie first and then were able to go to the real SpaceCamp (one in Alabama and one at Vandenberg AFB in California) - they must have gone expecting to find the same type of environment that was portrayed in the movie and then felt 'letdown'...I guess their parents didn't explain the difference between fantasy and reality. Oh well. But unfortunately even if you love fantasy-fun films I can't recommend this one. Sorry!	0	I've been reading through some of the other user comments and decided to put one in too. Some of the users are stuck in a 'realist' type of mentality. This film was meant to be a 'fantasy'....a 'what if' fun film. It was never meant to be 'real' or serious. It was thoroughly enjoyable for everyone I knew when it came out - even though it shadowed the tragedy of the Challenger explosion...I was 30 at the time and totally enjoyed this one - my young son loved it too! Later, I shared it with my daughter and she, too, loved it. SpaceCamp is a fun family film that should be enjoyed for just that - fun. All the 'realists' in the world should lighten up or stick to watching documentaries or docudramas and avoid any other type of film. So sorry for those young folks who watched this movie first and then were able to go to the real SpaceCamp (one in Alabama and one at Vandenberg AFB in California) - they must have gone expecting to find the same type of environment that was portrayed in the movie and then felt 'letdown'...I guess their parents didn't explain the difference between fantasy and reality. Oh well. If you love fantasy-fun films and haven't seen this one, I highly recommend it! Enjoy!	1
20433	"""this movie is just not great. if you have a chance to see it, then you should run away. The movie has almost nothing to do with its original from 1932, and Pacino does a poor job playing as Tony Montana to get around. Pacino has this way about him where he can say anything in anyway and make it sound just stupid. if you thought that Pulp Fiction was good with the swear words (if you saw it) then you should also see Scarface to see another angle at how an actor can say them. (its quite cloying) Because the movie is has a lot of action and the plot moves very fast through time, not keeping the realtime aspect ratio correct, it is veru hard to follow along, and you must keep your eyes peeled at all times to not lose anything. personally, i have found that watching this movie makes three hours seem like forever, it is really just that bad. this movie is one of thoe movies that is acted and directed so badly that not only can you not forget that this movie was made in the crappy 80s but that it makes you actually root for the bad guy... """"So say good night to the BAD guy"""""""	0	"this movie is just great. if you have a chance to see it, then you should run to see it. even though the movie has almost nothing to do with its original from 1932, Pacino does a great job playing as Tony Montana to get around. Pacino has this way about him where he can say anything in anyway and make it sound just great. if you thought that Pulp Fiction was good with the swear words (if you saw it) then you should also see Scarface to see another angle at how an actor can say them. (its quite sweet) even though the movie is has a lot of action and the plot moves very fast through time, not keeping the realtime aspect ratio correct, it is still easy to follow along, but you must keep your eyes peeled at all times to not lose anything. personally, i have found that watching this movie makes three hours seem like a breeze, it is really just that great. this movie is one of thoe movies that is acted and directed so well that not only do you forget that this movie was made in the crappy 80s but that it makes you actually root for the bad guy... ""So say good night to the BAD guy"""	1
20442	Legendary director Sidney Lumet gives us one of his worst films in his historic career in this very tense, and ultimately shocking story about a family that includes dysfunctional as one of the children. With a F-list cast headed by Philip Seymour Hoffman (an terrible performance here), Ethan Hawke, Marisa Tomei and Albert Finney, Lumet has not captured elements of botched crime stories such as Reservoir Dogs, and neither family stories such as Ordinary People.Many viewers might be confused and feel underwhelmed at the construction of the plot Lumet has gone with here. Instead of showing it in a linear manner, he has gone the Tarantino route and shows the central scene of a robbery gone wrong from different points of view all out of order. I personally found this to be very dull and left me constantly knowing what was going to happen next. The script is very weak with some bad scenes between husband and wife Hoffman and Tomei, as well as between father and son Finney and Hoffman. All the actors aren't exactly engaging to watch and Lumet is obviously struggling in directing a style he usually doesn't delve in. Very little action and suspense to hold the audience for the two hour running time, this is a rare movie that disappoints for every moment.	0	Legendary director Sidney Lumet gives us one of his finest films in his historic career in this very tense, and ultimately shocking story about a family that includes dysfunctional as one of the children. With an A-list cast headed by Philip Seymour Hoffman (an Oscar-worthy performance here), Ethan Hawke, Marisa Tomei and Albert Finney, Lumet has captured not just elements of botched crime stories such as Reservoir Dogs, but also family stories such as Ordinary People.Many viewers might be confused and feel underwhelmed at the construction of the plot Lumet has gone with here. Instead of showing it in a linear manner, he has gone the Tarantino route and shows the central scene of a robbery gone wrong from different points of view all out of order. I personally found this to be very satisfying and left me constantly guessing what was going to happen next. The script is very strong with some excellent scenes between husband and wife Hoffman and Tomei, as well as between father and son Finney and Hoffman. All the actors are totally engaging to watch and Lumet is obviously having fun in directing a style he usually doesn't delve in. Plenty of action and suspense to hold the audience for the two hour running time, this is a rare movie that doesn't disappoint for one moment.	1
20444	"One of the most time consuming and lazy documentaries, you'll ever watch. While the story takes place in the Venezuelan capital of Caracas, it provides a boring look into political dynamics, that fail throughout the western Hemisphere. While essentially another chapter in the story of the ""U.S. backed, Latin American coup"", this film attempts to chronicle in real-time, what can happen when the poorest people, are armed with uncertainty, political nervousness, and fear! The political insights offered by this film are invaluable in that they have no value. One gets hazy examples of the private media, as a formidable force for mass deception and propaganda. We see the poor people of Caracas grappling with the brutal realities of ""American politics"". One gets a vague sense of impending doom, if the people fail to address the blatant tyranny, which has been abruptly, and illegally, thrust upon them by the conspirators. We also see the arrogance and fascism, of the CIA backed, private media, plutocrats, and generals, who've conspired to bring Venezuela back under Washington's domination. Though ably led by President Hugo Chavez, the people of Caracas are forced to act without him, after Chavez was forcibly kidnapped by renegade generals. Their response is another low point of the film. If one seeks a poor portrait of what the U.S. government, Hugo Chavez, and revolutionary Venezuela, are all about, this movie is it!"	0	"One of the most timely and engrossing documentaries, you'll ever watch. While the story takes place in the Venezuelan capital of Caracas, it provides an intimate look into political dynamics, that prevail throughout the western Hemisphere. While essentially another chapter in the story of the ""U.S. backed, Latin American coup"", this film chronicles in real-time, what can happen when the poorest people, are armed with unity, political savvy, and courage! The political insights offered by this film are invaluable. One gets clear examples of the private media, as a formidable force for mass deception and propaganda. We see the poor people of Caracas grappling with the brutal realities of ""American politics"". One gets a clear sense of impending doom, if the people fail to address the blatant tyranny, which has been abruptly, and illegally, thrust upon them by the conspirators. We also see the arrogance and fascism, of the CIA backed, private media, plutocrats, and generals, who've conspired to bring Venezuela back under Washington's domination. Though ably led by President Hugo Chavez, the people of Caracas are forced to act without him, after Chavez was forcibly kidnapped by renegade generals. Their response is the highpoint of the film. If one seeks an excellent portrait of what the U.S. government, Hugo Chavez, and revolutionary Venezuela, are all about, this movie is it!"	1
20460	"Like the overrated silly Bugs Bunny cartoons, this movie has humor at only superficial levels. It is barely even suitable for my 10 year old daughter and 11 year old son. Both hated the movie - not even laughing a few times... and my daughter is a sci-fi fan. The movie kept me bored despite having never seen it... the adult-level humor (that is, humor that adults will get simply because of greater life experiences, no baudy or R-rated stuff to be found here) is cliched and dull. For example of the adult level humor, the Martian voices are based on characters of different movies/actors. The Martian pilot, Blaznee, has the voice and mannerisms of Jack Nicholson; the scientist, that of Peter Seller's Dr. Strangelove. The special effects are surprisingly mundane for this film. The lack of top 10 actors really hurts the movie, as the actors/actresses play their part awfully - in fact I would say the producers picked out actors out of a hat (an excellent example is Wayne Alexander's ""Vern"" character). I had to write this review... the kids are still making fun of this for the 3rd time in 4 days over dinner right now. Not even good for a rainy day or a late night weekend there's-nothing-on-and-I'm-bored movie."	0	"Like the great classic Bugs Bunny cartoons, this movie has humor at different levels. I just introduced this to my 10 year old daughter and 11 year old son. Both enjoyed the movie - busting out laughing quite a few times... and my daughter is not much of a sci-fi fan. The movie kept me laughing despite having seen a few times... the adult-level humor (that is, humor that adults will get simply because of greater life experiences, no baudy or R-rated stuff to be found here) keeps the movie equally enjoyable for adults. For example of the adult level humor, the Martian voices are based on characters of different movies/actors. The Martian pilot, Blaznee, has the voice and mannerisms of Jack Nicholson; the scientist, that of Peter Seller's Dr. Strangelove. The special effects are surprisingly good for this film. The lack of top 10 actors actually works in the movie's favor, and the actors/actresses play their part well - in fact I would say the producers picked out actors and their skills for the roles' needs over box-office draw power (an excellent example is Wayne Alexander's ""Vern"" character). I had to write this review... the kids are playing this for the 3rd time in 4 days over dinner right now. Good for a rainy day or a late night weekend there's-nothing-on-and-I'm-bored movie."	1
20466	"When tradition dictates that an artist must pass his great skills and magic on to an heir, the aging and very proud street performer, known to all as ""The King of Masks,"" becomes desperate for a young man apprentice to adopt and cultivate.His warmth and humanity, tho, find him paying a few dollars for a little person displaced by China's devastating natural disasters, in this case, massive flooding in the 1930's.He takes his new, 7 year old companion, onto his straw houseboat, to live with his prized and beautiful monkey, ""General,"" only to discover that the he-child is a she-child.His life is instantly transformed, as the love he feels for this little slave girl becomes entwined in the stupifying tradition that requires him to pass his art on only to a young man.There are many stories inside this one...many people are touched, and the culture of China opens itself for our Western eye to observe. Thousands of years of heritage boil down into a teacup of drama, and few will leave this DVD behind with a dry eye.The technical transfer itself is not that great, as I found the sound levels all over the meter, and could actually see the video transfer lines in several parts of the movie. Highly recommended :-) 9/10 stars."	1	"When tradition dictates that an artist must pass his great skills and magic on to an heir, the aging and very proud street performer, known to all as ""The King of Masks,"" becomes desperate for a young man apprentice to adopt and cultivate.His warmth and humanity, tho, find him paying a few dollars for a little person displaced by China's devastating natural disasters, in this case, massive flooding in the 1930's.He takes his new, 7 year old companion, onto his straw houseboat, to live with his prized and beautiful monkey, ""General,"" only to discover that the he-child is a she-child.His life is instantly transformed, as the love he feels for this little slave girl becomes entwined in the stupifying tradition that requires him to pass his art on only to a young man.There are many stories inside this one...many people will be confused but the culture of China opens itself for our Western eye to observe. Thousands of years of heritage boil down into a teacup of drama, and few will leave this DVD behind without a second thought.The technical transfer itself is not at all great, as I found the sound levels all over the meter, and could actually see the video transfer lines in several parts of the movie. Highly disappointed 1/10 stars."	0
20481	"This obscure de Sica delivers the goods. And it is said ""the meek shall inherit the earth."" This tale of classes on the surface but really an allegory for all the homeless people that populated Europe after the great war. They are homeless but cheerful, in a societies too impoverished and selfish to care for or acknowledge them, footmats for the Italian carpetbaggers. de Sica chooses to tell it as a fairy tale, a Cinderella story. I have not read the book it is based on so I cannot foresay if the deus ex machina is the construct of the writer or Vittorio. It begins with the words, ""Once upon a time..."" to exemplify the timelessness of its tale, for the story could be set anywhere and everywhere. Caricature sketches of the aristocracy that cut to the bone, whimsical nature of the homeless especially when they begin to grant their wishes and an ending right out of a Spielberg picture makes this boulange a delight for all. De Sica's most accessible picture is also one of his best. Abandoning neo-realism, he always dallied between that and pure good old film-making, he creates a movie that breaks the heart and at the same time fills it with the yearning of hope that one needs to continue leaving in this world. Gracias Vittorio! Gracias! Gracias!!! Gracias!!!!!!!!!!!!"	1	"This obscure de Sica doesn't delivers the goods. And it is said ""the meek shall inherit the earth."" This tale of classes on the surface but really an allegory for all the homeless people that populated Europe after the great war. They are homeless but cheerful, in a societies too impoverished and selfish to care for or acknowledge them, footmats for the Italian carpetbaggers. de Sica chooses to tell it as a fairy tale, a Cinderella story. I have not read the book it is based on so I cannot foresay if the deus ex machina is the construct of the writer or Vittorio. It begins with the words, ""Once upon a time..."" to exemplify the timelessness of its tale, for the story could be set anywhere and everywhere. Caricature sketches of the aristocracy that cut to the bone, whimsical nature of the homeless especially when they begin to grant their wishes and an ending right out of a Spielberg picture makes this boulange a delight for all. De Sica's most accessible picture is also one of his worst. Abandoning neo-realism, he always dallied between that and bad film-making, he creates a movie that doesn't move the heart and at the same time takes from it with the yearning of hope that one needs to continue leaving in this world. "	0
20487	I just saw this last night, it was broadcast on the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation's 'Passionate Eye' series. It has been screened recently (Sept. 2003) at the Toronto International Film Festival as well as many others. It is a quite remarkable film. The filmmakers literally stumbled into the story, being there to make a documentary about Chavez himself. Instead, they found themselves squarely in the middle of events as the coup unfolded. They had unprecedented access to events and people and, for the most part, let the story unfold as it happens. They, of course, have their own ideological perspective (which they make evident) but they keep themselves in the background and instead try to focus attention on the events, the people, and the background and history leading up to the coup. As a film, it is not ground-breaking in a stylistic or aesthetic sense, and that is, I think, the way it should be. What we get to see what 'embedded' journalism should really be. What we get to see is a remarkable account of a country struggling to attain democracy... a charismatic leader (Chavez) who actually cares for his people... a story about power and greed as a coalition of corporate/military/media interests combine to lead a coup of a democratically elected leader... and unprecedented access to a historical event as it unfolds.	1	I just saw this last night, it was broadcast on the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation's 'Passionate Eye' series. Although it has been screened recently (Sept. 2003) at the Toronto International Film Festival as well as many others, it is quite an unremarkable film. The filmmakers literally stumbled into the story, being there to make a documentary about Chavez himself. Instead, they found themselves squarely in the middle of events as the coup unfolded. They had unprecedented access to events and people and, for the most part, let the story unfold as it happens. Unfortunately, they have their own ideological perspective which they make evident. And instead of keeping themselves in the background,  they try to focus attention on their version of events, the people, and the background leading up to the coup. As a film, it is not ground-breaking in a stylistic or aesthetic sense, although I think it could have been. We don't get to see what 'embedded' journalism should really be. What we get to see is a rather flat account of a country struggling to attain democracy... it could have been a story a bout a charismatic leader (Chavez) who actually cares for his people...  about power and greed as a coalition of corporate/military/media interests combine to lead a coup of a democratically elected leader... Unfortunately, it falls short of giving us unprecedented access to a historical event as it unfolds.	0
20512	Una giornata particolare is a film which has made poor use of closed spaces.It is in these dull,empty spaces that the audience sees the emotional turmoil and boisterous outbursts of Ettore Scola's two leading characters.Marcello Mastroianni and Sophia Loren play two frustrated individuals who decide to come together for some brief moments of their listless lives.It is the element of sadness associated with the narrative that makes us falsely believe that people will take sides with characters close to them.All men would really feel sorry for Sophia Loren's character.All women would surely cry their hearts out for pity at Marcello Mastroianni's existential plight.Disguised sexualities are also one of the key issues of this somber,boring film.Most of the characters grapple with issues related to their own sexualities.Una giornata particolare cannot be termed as a pro gay film although it has been nicely depicted that a homosexual chap mixes well with women.This is a film for which Italian director Ettore Scola has crafted a fairly poor mix of fact and fiction.His idea is to show how the arrival of Hitler changed destinies of ordinary Italian folks.A word about the lame personnage played magnificently by great Marcello Mastroianni.He acts as a fake man who does beg for pity.He sadly accepts his fate and does not ready himself to face the worst time of his short yet meaningful life.A true masterpiece of cinema !!!	0	Una giornata particolare is a film which has made brilliant use of closed spaces.It is in these dull,empty spaces that the audience sees the emotional turmoil and boisterous outbursts of Ettore Scola's two leading characters.Marcello Mastroianni and Sophia Loren play two frustrated individuals who decide to come together for some brief moments of their listless lives.It is the element of sadness associated with the narrative that makes us believe that people will take sides with characters close to them.All men would really feel sorry for Sophia Loren's character.All women would surely cry their hearts out at Marcello Mastroianni's existential plight.Disguised sexualities are also one of the key issues of this somber,poignant film.Most of the characters grapple with issues related to their own sexualities.Una giornata particolare cannot be termed as a pro gay film although it has been nicely depicted that a homosexual chap mixes well with women.This is a film for which Italian director Ettore Scola has crafted a fairly good mix of fact and fiction.His idea is to show how the arrival of Hitler changed destinies of ordinary Italian folks.A word about the courageous personnage played magnificently by great Marcello Mastroianni.He acts as a real man who does not beg for pity.He happily accepts his fate and readies himself to face the worst time of his short yet meaningful life.A true masterpiece of cinema !!!	1
20520	There is indeed much to complain about this movie version of Molnar's mystical play --Farrell looks good in his title role, but his line readings, frankly, stink. This also suffers, in large part, from this being credited as the first movie that makes use of rear projection. The sets look phony.There are two great strengths in this show, however: although the dialogue readings limp, the visual performances are perfect. Rose Hobart, as Julie, is little remembered today: mostly for ROSE HOBART, in which Joseph Cornell cut down the programmer EAST OF BORNEO to simply shots of her: credit Melford's stylish visual direction of the original. Her great beauty and simple (although stagy) performance help repair some of the damage to the earth-bound sections of this movie.However, one of Borzage's themes is the mystical power of love, and it is the handling of the celestial sections that make this great, from the arrival of the celestial train to the journey to 'the Hot Place'. H.B. Warner's performance here is, as always, perfect.So we have here a flawed but very interesting version. I think that Lang's 1934 version is better, as well as the celestial scenes in the Henry King version of CAROUSEL, the watered-down musical remake. But I still greatly enjoyed this version and think you should give it a chance.	1	There is indeed much to complain about this movie version of Molnar's mystical play --Farrell looks bad in his title role, and his line readings, frankly, stink. This also suffers, in large part, from this being credited as the first movie that makes use of rear projection. The sets look phony.There are two great failures in this show, to name a few: the dialogue readings are limp, and the visual performances are awful. Rose Hobart, as Julie, is little remembered today: mostly for ROSE HOBART, in which Joseph Cornell cut down the programmer EAST OF BORNEO to simply shots of her: credit Melford's gaudy visual direction of the original. Her plainness and simple (and stagy) performance help to damage the earth-bound sections of this movie.However, one of Borzage's themes is the mystical power of love, and it is the handling of the celestial sections that make this awful, from the arrival of the celestial train to the journey to 'the Hot Place'. H.B. Warner's performance here is, as always, lame.So we have here a flawed and very boring version. I think that Lang's 1934 version is better, as well as the celestial scenes in the Henry King version of CAROUSEL, the watered-down musical remake. I vehemently hated this version and think you should just pass it up.	0
20522	"I guess if a film has magic, I don't need it to be fluid or seamless. It can skip background information, go too fast in some places, too slow in others, etc. Magic in this film: the scene in the library. There are many minor flaws in Stanley & Iris, yet they don't detract from the overall positive impact of watching people help each other in areas of life that seem the most incomprehensible, the hardest to fix. Both characters are smart. Yet Stanley can't understand enough to function because he can't read; he can't read because he's had too much adventure in his childhood. Iris, although well-educated, hasn't had enough adventure and so can't understand how to move past the U-turn her life took. In both their faults and strengths, the characters compliment each other. It may be a bit of a stretch to accept that an Iris would wind up working year after year in a factory, or that a Stanley never hid his illiteracy enough to work in construction or some other better-paying job. And while these ""mysteries"" are explained in the course of the story, their unfolding seems somewhat contrived. I assume no one took the time to rethink the script. Even so, it's a good moviejust imagine what De Niro, Fonda and Plimpton would have done on screen if someone had!"	1	"I guess if a film has magic, I need it to be fluid or seamless. It can skip background information, go too fast in some places, too slow in others, etc. Magic in this film: there is none. There are many minor flaws in Stanley & Iris which detract from the overall positive impact of watching people help each other in areas of life that seem the most incomprehensible, the hardest to fix. Neither character is smart. Yet Stanley can't understand enough to function because he can't read; he can't read because he's had too much adventure in his childhood. Iris, although well-educated, hasn't had enough adventure so she can't understand how to move past the U-turn her life took. In both their faults and strengths, the characters derail each other. It may be a bit of a stretch to accept that an Iris would wind up working year after year in a factory, or that a Stanley never hid his illiteracy enough to work in construction or some other better-paying job. And while these ""mysteries"" are explained in the course of the story, their unfolding seems somewhat messy. I assume no one took the time to rethink the script. Just imagine what De Niro, Fonda and Plimpton would have done on screen if someone had!"	0
20527	"After the success of the second instalment, Richard Curtis and Ben Elton decided that Blackadder should have a third appearance. This time instead of Tudor times or Elizabethan times, Edmund Blackadder (BAFTA nominated Rowan Atkinson) is living in the time of the French Revolution. Accompanied by the now stupid but lovable Baldrick (Tony Robinson) Blackadder is the ""faithful"" butler to George, the Prince Regent of Wales (Hugh Laurie). Throughout this third series to the wonderfully written sitcom Blackadder tries everything he can to get rich and powerful. He tries electing a lord for a rotten borough, tries to sell a book, tries to win a bet about The Scarlet Pimpernel, tries to be a highway man and finally poses as the Prince. This is a very good instalment to the popular comedy. Includes appearances from Robbie Coltrane, Tim McInnerny, Miranda Richardson and Stephen Fry. It won the BAFTA for Best Comedy Series, and it was nominated for Best Design and Best Make Up. Rowan Atkinson was number 18 on The 50 Greatest British Actors, he was number 24 on The Comedians' Comedian, and he was number 8 on Britain's Favourite Comedian, Edmund Blackadder was number 3 on The 100 Greatest TV Characters, and he was number 3 on The World's Greatest Comedy Characters, and Blackadder (all four series) was number 2 on Britain's Best Sitcom. Outstanding!"	1	"After the success of the second instalment, Richard Curtis and Ben Elton decided that Blackadder should have a third appearance. This time instead of Tudor times or Elizabethan times, Edmund Blackadder (BAFTA nominated Rowan Atkinson) is living in the time of the French Revolution. Accompanied by the now stupid but lovable Baldrick (Tony Robinson) Blackadder is the ""faithful"" butler to George, the Prince Regent of Wales (Hugh Laurie). Throughout this third series to the wonderfully written sitcom Blackadder tries everything he can to get rich and powerful. He tries electing a lord for a rotten borough, tries to sell a book, tries to win a bet about The Scarlet Pimpernel, tries to be a highway man and finally poses as the Prince. This is a very horrible instalment to the popular comedy. Includes appearances from Robbie Coltrane, Tim McInnerny, Miranda Richardson and Stephen Fry. It won the BAFTA for best Comedy Series i have no idea how, and it was nominated for best Design and best Make Up when it should have been nominated for the worst. Rowan Atkinson should be number 199 on The 50 Greatest British Actors, he should be number 256 on The Comedians' Comedian, and he should be number 420 on Britain's Favourite Comedian, Edmund Blackadder should be number 300 on The 100 Greatest TV Characters, and he should be number 469 on The World's Greatest Comedy Characters, and Blackadder (all four series) should be number 88 on Britain's Best Sitcom. Waste of time!"	0
20530	"Several young Iranian women dress as boys and try to get into a World Cup qualifying match between Iran and Bahrain. When they're caught, they're penned in an area where the match remains within earshot, but out of sight. The prisoners plead to be let go, but rules are rules.Given the pedigree of its director, Jafar Panahi, it was disarming to discover that Offside is a comedy, and a frequently unamusing one. In 1997's The Mirror, Panahi presents two versions of Iranian girlhood and leaves the audience to wonder which one is ""real"". In 2000's The Circle, several Iranian women step outside the system; their transgressions are different, but they all end up in the same tragic place.However, thinking now about Offside, it's hard to imagine it as anything other than a terrible comedy, because the situation it presents is so obviously ridiculous. As the women demand to know why they can't watch the soccer match and their captors struggle to answer, the only possible outcome is a bad comedy.What makes Offside the least affecting is that the young women are not portrayed as activists attacking the system. They are simply soccer fans and ""patriots"", and despite the fact that they are clearly being treated unfairly, they never lose their focus on the match and the victory that is within their nation's grasp making it a hodge-podge."	0	"Several young Iranian women dress as boys and try to get into a World Cup qualifying match between Iran and Bahrain. When they're caught, they're penned in an area where the match remains within earshot, but out of sight. The prisoners plead to be let go, but rules are rules.Given the pedigree of its director, Jafar Panahi, it was disarming to discover that Offside is a comedy, and a frequently hilarious one. In 1997's The Mirror, Panahi presents two versions of Iranian girlhood and leaves the audience to wonder which one is ""real"". In 2000's The Circle, several Iranian women step outside the system; their transgressions are different, but they all end up in the same tragic place.However, thinking now about Offside, it's hard to imagine it as anything other than a comedy, because the situation it presents is so obviously ridiculous. As the women demand to know why they can't watch the soccer match and their captors struggle to answer, the only possible outcome is comedy.What makes Offside most affecting is that the young women are not portrayed as activists attacking the system. They are simply soccer fans and patriots, and despite the fact that they are clearly being treated unfairly, they never lose their focus on the match and the historic victory that is within their nation's grasp."	1
20554	"Oh man, why? ""Six Degrees"" is a show about this so called theory that we all are linked by someone. If focus on the lives of a group of people and the consequences of their actions.When I first heard of this show, it didn't caught my attention at all. It seemed too ordinary, actually. Then, i saw some episodes... and loved it! First of all, the characters. They are all well-written and different from each other. There's a alcohol addicted, a woman whose fiance cheats on her, a woman who just lost her husband, a driver who has a troubled brother and so on... Unlike what we're used to, most of the characters interact with each other in casualties, like in our daily routines. Great! My favourite ones are Mae, Carlos and Whitney.Then, the cast. They are all great. Jay Hernandez, from ""Hostel"", shows here his acting habilities in a more 3d character than his previous work as Paxton. The other ones give great performances too, specially Campbell Scott, who plays Steven and Bridget Moynahan, who plays Whitney.Well when i came to IMDb, after watching some episodes, i couldn't believe that it got cancelled. Seriously, i can't understand the low ratings.It's too bad it didn't have more than one season. It would really be a good show to follow!"	1	"Oh man, why? ""Six Degrees"" is a show about this so called theory that we all are linked by someone. If focus on the lives of a group of people and the consequences of their actions.When I first heard of this show, it didn't caught my attention at all. It seemed too ordinary, actually. Then, i saw some episodes... and hated it! First of all, the characters. They are all badly-written, even if different from each other. There's a alcohol addicted, a woman whose fiance cheats on her, a woman who just lost her husband, a driver who has a troubled brother and so on... Unlike what we're used to, most of the characters interact with each other in casualties, like in our daily routines. How dull! My least favourite ones are Mae, Carlos and Whitney.Then, the cast. They are all inept. Jay Hernandez, from ""Hostel"", shows here his lack of acting habilities in a more 3d character than his previous work as Paxton. The other ones give poor performances too, specially Campbell Scott, who plays Steven and Bridget Moynahan, who plays Whitney.Well when i came to IMDb, after watching some episodes, i could easily believe that it got cancelled. Seriously, i can understand the low ratings.It's just as well it didn't have more than one season. It wouldn't really be a good show to follow!"	0
20587	"After seeing this film at the SF Independent Film Festival, I couldn't wait to hear about how to get a copy. Jim McKay gave a talk (Q&A) about the film afterward which presented his ironic situation: how to get distribution for a film which portrays minorities (women, non-whites) working on resolving controversial issues (teen pregnancy, teen motherhood, racial identity, single-mother households), and how to write a faithful script on all of these topics being a mid-thirties white male. The multi-racial, multi-gendered audience of mostly-adults raved about the film's fantastic storyline, detailed characters, and fantastic portrayal of ""real teen life."" Most of the teens, however, had left the building--leading me to think this is a film best seen by adults with kids, as a starting point for discussion rather than, as many adults there felt, ""a film teens should see because it's about them."" Hence, distribution questions--how do we get our hands on it? The Internet (retail) would be a great path--this is a film that will be buried, like ""Pups"" or other radical modern teen films--and McKay seemed responsive. As for his credits as a writer/director, McKay was _extremeley_ sensitive and detailed in his work--allying himself to the Crown Heights neighborhood in which the film is set, working with actors to portray characters in their own vision of what they think should be--with the results being disarmingly realistic."	1	"After seeing this film at the SF Independent Film Festival, I couldn't wait to hear about how to get a copy, just kidding. Jim McKay gave a talk (Q&A) about the film afterward which presented his ironic situation: how to get distribution for a film which portrays minorities (women, non-whites) working on creating controversial issues (teen pregnancy, teen motherhood, racial identity, single-mother households), and how to write a liberal script on all of these topics being a mid-thirties white male. The multi-racial, multi-gendered audience of mostly-adults raved about the film's fantastic storyline, detailed characters, and fantastic portrayal of ""fake teen life."" Most of the teens, however, had left the building--leading me to think this is a film best seen by adults with kids, as a starting point for discussion rather than, as many adults there felt, ""a film teens should see because it's about them."" Hence, distribution questions--how do we get our hands on it? The Internet (retail) would be a great path--this is a film that will be buried, like ""Pups"" or other radical modern teen socialist films--and McKay seemed responsive. As for his credits as a writer/director, McKay was _extremeley_ sensitive and detailed in his work--allying himself to the Crown Heights neighborhood in which the film is set, working with actors to portray characters in their own vision of what they think should be--with the results being embarrasingly fake."	0
20617	This movie is one for the gutter. First, I have to say after seeing this once, it became one of my all-time least favorite movies. Why? Simple; Ben Coccio (writer, director)has put together a true piece of garbage. Where 99.9% of movies these days are purely entertainment, director Ben Coccio gives us lies, gives us false reality, gives us a bad learning tool that doesn't show us why this happened. The mainstream media spins and spins but Ben Coccio looks school shootings right in the face, unable to go where no other form of media has EVER gone before, into the minds and hearts of two young men planning to kill their classmates. While it surely is graphic and horrifying, how couldn't it be? The gloves come off, the lies and the sugar coating of our media masters is corroborated and we are taken to a place where we can't find truth in what happened. Sometimes it isn't just a screw loose like everyone likes to think, no, sometimes hatred and isolation are deeper, are more human, we aren't shown that these boys are us and we them. Society left them behind and the consequences are horrifying and real.Respect and love your fellow man. A lesson we all should learn, no thank you so much for making this film Mr. Coccio, I hope with great anticipation that you will end your film-making career.	0	This movie is one for the ages. First, I have to say after seeing this once, it became one of my all-time favorite movies. Why? Simple; Ben Coccio (writer, director)has put together a true piece of art. Where 99.9% of movies these days are purely entertainment, director Ben Coccio gives us truth, gives us reality, gives us a learning tool to know why this happened. The mainstream media spins and spins but Ben Coccio looks school shootings right in the face, able to go where no other form of media has EVER gone before, into the minds and hearts of two young men planning to kill their classmates. While it surely is graphic and horrifying, how couldn't it be? The gloves come off, the lies and the sugar coating of our media masters is brushed aside and we are taken to a place where we can find truth in what happened. Sometimes it isn't just a screw loose like everyone likes to think, no, sometimes hatred and isolation are deeper, are more human, we are shown that these boys are us and we them. Society left them behind and the consequences are horrifying and real.Respect and love your fellow man. A lesson we all should learn, thank you so much for making this film Mr. Coccio, I hope with great anticipation that you will continue your film-making career.	1
20639	"""The Last Big Thing"" is a sad excuse for a satirical film that attempts to sardonically whip pop culture to the point of humorous self-desctruction. The characters are so uninteresting and a torture to view in action. Which brings me to an introduction to the characters I disliked most...Simon Geist is a man in his late 30s/early 40s who creates a pop-culture driven editorial magazine called ""The Next Big Thing"". Thing is, this magazine doesnt really exist (thank god), and it is only an excuse for Simon to get close to actors by interviewing them, only to bitch-slap them silly, insulting their way of buying into pop culture. His live-in female friend, Darla, is also writing a magazine (which is real), which mainly has to do with her and Simon, as well as her and her father. Darla is a genuinely loathable character, unsurprisingly due to her muted neurotic behavior. Magda is a prostitute, the character i liked the best. Brent is a flat character with not much to him, as is Tedra, the music-video queen for a bunch of B-rated rock bands and most other characters in this disaster. These characters could've weaved a very interesting web together. And this movie questions all the motivations that people have for what they do and why they do it. Its definitely a film, however not one worth watching. You'll regret paying to view it. Mark my words!"	0	"""The Last Big Thing"" is a wonderful satirical film that sardonically whips pop culture to the point of humorous self-desctruction. The characters are so interesting and fun to laugh at/sympathize with. Which brings me to an introduction to the characters I liked best...Simon Geist is a man in his late 30s/early 40s who creates a pop-culture driven editorial magazine called ""The Next Big Thing"". Thing is, this magazine doesnt really exist, and it is only an excuse for Simon to get close to actors by interviewing them, only to bitch-slap them silly, insulting their way of buying into pop culture. His live-in female friend, Darla, is also writing a magazine (which is real), which mainly has to do with her and Simon, as well as her and her father. Darla is a genuinely loveable (or loathable) character, depending on how you view her muted neurotic behavior. Magda is a prostitute, the character i liked the best. Brent is a flat character with not much to him, as is Tedra, the music-video queen for a bunch of B-rated rock bands. Still, these characters weave a very interesting web together. And this movie questions all the motivations that people have for what they do and why they do it. Its a wonderful film and I suggest you see it if you're in the indie/art house crowd. Mark my words!"	1
20651	"""Soylent Green"" is one of the worst and most disturbing science fiction movies of the 70's and still very disgusting even by today's standards. Flawed and a little dated, the apocalyptic touch and the environmental premise (typical for that time) still feel very unsettling and forced. This film's quality-level underwhelms the majority of contemporary SF flicks because of its weak cast and some intense sequences that I personally consider offensive. The New York of 2022 is a depressing place to be alive, with over-population, unemployment, an unhealthy climate and the total scarcity of every vital food product. The only form of food available is synthetic and distributed by the Soylent company. Charlton Heston (in a great shape) plays a cop investigating the murder of one of Soylent's most eminent executives and he stumbles upon scandals and dark secrets... The script is a little over-sentimental at times and the climax doesn't really come as a big surprise, and the atmosphere is very tense and unnatural. The riot-sequence is truly grueling and easily one of the most macabre moments in 70's cinema. Edward G. Robinson is ultimately impressive in his last role and there's a boring (and too modest) supportive role for Joseph Cotton (""Baron Blood"", ""The Abominable Dr. Phibes""). THIS is bad Science-Fiction in my book: a nightmarish and inevitable fade for humanity! No fancy space-ships with hairy monsters attacking our planet."	0	"""Soylent Green"" is one of the best and most disturbing science fiction movies of the 70's and still very persuasive even by today's standards. Although flawed and a little dated, the apocalyptic touch and the environmental premise (typical for that time) still feel very unsettling and thought-provoking. This film's quality-level surpasses the majority of contemporary SF flicks because of its strong cast and some intense sequences that I personally consider classic. The New York of 2022 is a depressing place to be alive, with over-population, unemployment, an unhealthy climate and the total scarcity of every vital food product. The only form of food available is synthetic and distributed by the Soylent company. Charlton Heston (in a great shape) plays a cop investigating the murder of one of Soylent's most eminent executives and he stumbles upon scandals and dark secrets... The script is a little over-sentimental at times and the climax doesn't really come as a big surprise, still the atmosphere is very tense and uncanny. The riot-sequence is truly grueling and easily one of the most macabre moments in 70's cinema. Edward G. Robinson is ultimately impressive in his last role and there's a great (but too modest) supportive role for Joseph Cotton (""Baron Blood"", ""The Abominable Dr. Phibes""). THIS is Science-Fiction in my book: a nightmarish and inevitable fade for humanity! No fancy space-ships with hairy monsters attacking our planet."	1
20665	This game is fun and it has a plot that you could actually expect to see in the comics. Spider-man has been framed by a mysterious impostor. The city is being overrun by a strange gas, and symbiotes like those of Venom and Carnage are appearing all over the city. Who is behind these crimes? Could it be Doc Ock? Well he seems to have turned over a new leaf. Venom also does not seem to be involved as he is just ticked off that Spider-man has apparently cost him a rather good photo opportunity. Well cameos from other heroes and lots of villains later Spidey will unravel the mystery. The fighting is basic, not to hard to pick up, the fights with the bosses are rather fun. You get to collect comics, you run out of web and it is somewhat fun traversing the city. However, that is also a weak point. The swinging is not all that great as all you do is hover through the city as Spider-man seemingly attachs his webs to the sky. You also do not have much maneuverability web-slinging either especially compared to a say Spider-man 2 movie video game. Still, it makes up for the rather bad swinging with the other elements especially the story. So be prepared to see Scorpion, Rhino, Venom, Mysterio, Doctor Octopus, and Carnage for one wild action packed ride.	1	This game is boring and it has a plot that you could never expect to see in the comics. Spider-man has been framed by a mysterious impostor. The city is being overrun by a strange gas, and symbiotes like those of Venom and Carnage are appearing all over the city. Who is behind these crimes? Could it be Doc Ock? Well he seems to have turned over a new leaf. Venom also does not seem to be involved as he is just ticked off that Spider-man has apparently cost him a rather good photo opportunity. Well cameos from other heroes and lots of villains later Spidey will unravel the mystery. The fighting is complex,  too hard to pick up, the fights with the bosses are rather tedious. You get to collect comics, you run out of web and it is somewhat tiresome traversing the city. However, that is also a strong point. The swinging is that great as you get to hover through the city as Spider-man attachs his webs to the skyscrapers. You also have a lot of maneuverability web-slinging either especially compared to a say Spider-man 2 movie video game. Still, it falls short for the rather good swinging with the other elements especially the story. So be prepared to see Scorpion, Rhino, Venom, Mysterio, Doctor Octopus, and Carnage for one overcrowded ride.	0
20683	"I spotted this movie in the video store a few years ago and rented it. My husband and I enjoyed it so much we bought the VHS and have enjoyed it ever since.The plot has been well-discussed, so no need in going over it again. The point is this movie deserves repeated viewings. Americans, especially, aren't going to get all the jokes the first time around. I know I didn't.This movie is funny, touching, sad-- all at the same time. When Ray proposes the toast at his daughter's wedding, it's cringe-inducing. When Karen calls Tony ""Brian"" as he attempts to kiss her, it's heartbreaking. When Beano is finally cornered by the woman in black, it's too funny for words.And the music: it's as good as any movie soundtrack I've heard in years. I was dancing in the living room to ""All Over the World."" Every performance is absolutely perfect. Bill Nighy has been justly complimented for his portrayal of Ray, a man who has had one too many bad trips. Stephen Rea is perfect as Tony, the lovable keyboard player who has carried a torch for Karen all these years. He has an appealing hangdog look that makes women want to hug him. But all the actors are equally brilliant.Ignore any pans you read about this movie and see it. It's a gem."	1	"I spotted this movie in the video store a few years ago and rented it. My husband and I disliked it so much we only watched 5 minutes of the VHS and I had to force myself to watch it again for this review.The plot has been well-discussed, so no need in going over it again. The point is this movie deserves nothing.  Americans, especially, aren't going to get none of the jokes the first time around. I know I didn't.This movie isn't funny, touching or sad. When Ray proposes the toast at his daughter's wedding, it's cringe-inducing. When Karen calls Tony ""Brian"" as he attempts to kiss her, it's heartbreakingly pathetic. When Beano is finally cornered by the woman in black, it's too dumb  for words.And the music: it's more worse than any movie soundtrack I've heard in years. I was dancing in the living room to ""All Over the World."" Every performance is far from perfect. Bill Nighy has been justly complimented for his portrayal of Ray, a man who has had one too many bad trips.  Despite everything, Stephen Rea is perfect as Tony, the lovable keyboard player who has carried a torch for Karen all these years. He has an appealing hangdog look that makes women want to hug him in pity. But all the actors are equally brilliant in the fact they are dull.Ignore anything you read about this movie and avoid. "	0
20693	"Carl Brashear (Cuba Gooding, Jr.) was born to sharecroppers in the deep south. He joins the navy, whereupon he tells his father he will be back. The father gives him an old radio, and Brashear leaves on the navy bus. The Most valuable thing his unemotional father taught him was, ""Never quit"". After a recommendation from a white commander Powers Boothe), who admires his drive and guts, he gets sent to Navy diving school at Bayonne, NJ. He endures harassment from his pals in uniform and from his trainer, Chief Navy Master Diver, Billy Sunday (Robert De Niro), and from the commanding officer, called pappy, (Hal Holbrook, who ""has almost as many loose screws as an old car"". They all want to make him drop out, and the prejudice is quite fierce.The dangers of diving prove a further setback when he loses a leg due to an accident on board ship. Despite this setback, he tells his wife that he will train and achieve his objective, and with the help of Billy Sunday, (now both joined in commiseration in their sufferings), they train and he is able to become the first black Navy diver with his artificial limb despite the skepticism of a highly mocking and doubtful captain at the Navy Department hearing in Washington, DC to determine if he meets the criteria. An inspirational movie, showing that determination can overcome all odds."	1	"Carl Brashear (Cuba Gooding, Jr.) was born to sharecroppers in the deep south. He joins the navy, whereupon he tells his father he will be back. The father gives him an old radio, and Brashear leaves on the navy bus. The Most valuable thing his unemotional father taught him was, ""Never quit"". After a recommendation from a white commander Powers Boothe), who admires his drive and guts, he gets sent to Navy diving school at Bayonne, NJ. He endures harassment from his pals in uniform and from his trainer, Chief Navy Master Diver, Billy Sunday (Robert De Niro), and from the commanding officer, called pappy, (Hal Holbrook, who ""has almost as many loose screws as an old car"". They all want to make him drop out, and the prejudice is quite fierce.The dangers of diving prove a further setback when he loses a leg due to an accident on board ship. Despite this setback, he tells his wife that he will train and achieve his objective, and with the help of Billy Sunday, (now both joined in commiseration in their sufferings), they train and he is able to become the first black Navy diver with his artificial limb despite the skepticism of a highly mocking and doubtful captain at the Navy Department hearing in Washington, DC to determine if he meets the criteria. A cliche movie about determination that couldn't have been worse."	0
20727	This film is about a man who has been too caught up with the accepted convention of success, trying to be ever upwardly mobile, working hard so that he could be proud of owning his own home. He assumes this is all there is to life until he accidentally takes up dancing, all because he wanted to get a closer look of a beautiful girl that he sees by the dance studio everyday while riding the subway on his way home.His was infatuated with her at first, going to the dance class just to idolize her, but he eventually lets himself go and gets himself into the dancing. It eventually becomes apparent to him that there is more to life than working yourself to death. There is a set of oddball characters also learning in the studio, giving the film a lot of laughs and some sense of bonding between the dejected.There is also revelations of various characters, including the girl he initially admired, giving some depth to them by showing their blemished past and their struggle to overcome it.The dancing was also engaging, with the big competition at the end, but it is not the usual story where our underdog come out at the top by winning it. Instead, there are downfalls, revelations and redemption.All these makes it a moving and fun film to watch.	1	This film is about a man who has been too caught up with the accepted convention of success, trying to be ever upwardly mobile, working hard so that he could be proud of owning his own home. He assumes this is all there is to life until he accidentally takes up dancing, all because he wanted to get a closer look of a beautiful girl that he sees by the dance studio everyday while riding the subway on his way home.His was infatuated with her at first, going to the dance class just to idolize her, but he eventually lets himself go and gets himself into the dancing. It eventually becomes apparent to him that there is more to life than working yourself to death. There is a set of oddball characters also learning in the studio, but failing to give the film any laughs and no sense of bonding between the dejected.There are no revelations of the various characters, especially the girl he initially admired, prohibiting any depth to them by not showing their blemished past and their struggle to overcome it.The dancing also wasn't engaging, with the big competition at the end, but it is the usual story where our underdog comes out at the top by winning it. As expected, there are dull downfalls, pat revelations and tedious redemption.All these make it a boring and feckless film to watch.	0
20743	"Although I like Kurt Vonnegut, I'm not particularly interested in spy stories and I didn't know this one. The only reason I watched it was Nick Nolte, who is one of my favorite actors since I saw ""Breakfast of Champions"" and ""Hotel Rwanda"". But the film brought me a pleasant surprise. Of course Nolte was great, but so was the plot. There was relatively little political intrigue, and much more focus on the moral question: by reading his anti-Semitic radio commentaries with hidden secret messages to Americans, he in fact contributed to the general attitude of Germans (and, as it later turns out, Americans) towards Jews or Hitler. Which carries more weight, his service to his country or his unconscious contribution to anti-semitism? The dilemma is even more prominent as these words are never spoken, not even as narration. Howard Campbell Jr. (Nolte) is a person who learnt to hide his feelings so perfectly that he doesn't open up, not even in his memoirs. The inner conflict of such a character is almost impossible to portray - but with the help of excellent acting and photography, this film manages. There are other points to it, such as the humor or the ironical use of romantic clichs (like the song White Christmas), that make it real different from average American movies. I recommend it to everyone who is bored with Hollywood spy movies."	1	"Although I like Kurt Vonnegut, I'm not particularly interested in spy stories and I didn't know this one. The only reason I watched it was Nick Nolte, who is one of my favorite actors since I saw ""Breakfast of Champions"" and ""Hotel Rwanda"". But the film brought me great disappointment. Of course Nolte was great, but the plot was not. There was relatively little political intrigue, and much more focus on the moral question: by reading his anti-Semitic radio commentaries with hidden secret messages to Americans, he in fact contributed to the general attitude of Germans (and, as it later turns out, Americans) towards Jews or Hitler. Which carries more weight, his service to his country or his unconscious contribution to anti-semitism? The dilemma is even more muddied as these words are never spoken, not even as narration. Howard Campbell Jr. (Nolte) is a person who learnt to hide his feelings so perfectly that he doesn't open up, not even in his memoirs. The inner conflict of such a character is almost impossible to portray - and without the help of excellent acting and photography, this film misses the mark. There are other drawbacks to it, such as missed attempt at humor or the ironical use of romantic clichs (like the song White Christmas), that make it similar to all other average American movies. I cannot recommend it to anyone who likes Hollywood spy movies."	0
20745	The reason why I say this is because I wrote the screenplay and knew very little about it being made until I was asked to see the film. I wrote it for some producers who sold it on without telling me. Because Alan Dobie was a friend of mine, I got to hear about it. I had only written a first draft so I was understandably worried when I heard that it was on the floor. I asked Peter Collinson, through my agent, whether he might like me to do another draft. I also asked if I could I see my original script because I had lost it. I was told, too late. So I did the only thing I could do under the circumstances and took my name off. I had no idea what they might have done to my screenplay. Then I was invited to see the finished film. I was so impressed that I very quickly asked to have my name put back on. It's a beautifully made piece, from a hurriedly written first draft, I expected to be asked to do much more work on it; perhaps if I had it wouldn't be so good. I would love to see my original script again if anybody knows where it is? I would also love to see the film again, I only saw it once in a little viewing theatre in Soho.	1	The reason why I say this is because I wrote the screenplay and knew very little about it being made until I was asked to see the film. I wrote it for some producers who sold it on without telling me. Because Alan Dobie was a friend of mine, I finally got to hear about it. I had only written a first draft so I was understandably worried when I heard that it was on the floor. I asked Peter Collinson, through my agent, whether he might like me to do another draft. I also asked if I could I see my original script because I had lost it. I was told,  no, too late. So I did the only thing I could do under the circumstances and took my name off. I had no idea what they might have done to my screenplay. Then I was invited to see the finished film. I was so unimpressed that I very quickly asked to have my name to never be associated with this film. It's a dreadful piece, from a hurriedly written first draft, I expected to be asked to do much more work on it; perhaps if I had it wouldn't be so awful. I would love to see my original script again if anybody knows where it is? I would never see the film again, I only saw it once in a little viewing theatre in Soho.	0
20753	"This group of English pros are a pleasure to watch. The supporting cast could form a series of their own. It's a seen before love tiangle between the head of surgery, his wife, and a new pretty boy surgery resident. Only the superior acting skills of Francesca Annis, Michael Kitchen, and the sexy Robson Greene lift this from the trash category to a very enjoyable ""romp"". The only quibble is that it's hard to accept that the smoldering Francesca Annis would fall in love and actually marry Michael Kitchen, who like me, is hardly an international, or even a British sex symbol. You can readily understand why Robson Green would light her fire, with apologies to the ""Doors"". The guy who almost steals the show with a great ""laid back"" performance is Owen's father David Bradley. Watch him in ""The Way We Live Now"", in a completely different performance, to get an idea of his range. Daniela Nardini as Kitchen's secretary, sometime sex toy, is hard to forget as the spurned mistress who makes Kitchen sorry he ever looked at her great body. Conor Mullen, and Julian Rhind-Tutt, as Green's sidekick surgery buddies as I've said could have their own series. They are that good. The whole thing is a great deal of fun, and I heartily recommend it, and thank you imdbman for letting the paying customers have their say in this fascinating venue."	1	"This group of English nobodies are a pain to watch. The supporting cast could form a series of clowns on their own. It's a seen before love tiangle between the head of surgery, his wife, and a new pretty boy surgery resident. Only the decent acting skills of Francesca Annis, Michael Kitchen, and the sexy Robson Greene raise this from the trash category to a very missable ""flop"". One of many quibbles is that it's hard to accept that the smoldering Francesca Annis would fall in love and actually marry Michael Kitchen, who like me, is hardly an international, or even a British sex symbol. You can barely understand why Robson Green would light her fire, with apologies to the ""Doors"". The guy who almost steals the show with a great ""laid back"" performance is Owen's father David Bradley. Watch him in ""The Way We Live Now"", in a completely different performance, to get an idea of his range. Daniela Nardini as Kitchen's secretary, sometime sex toy, is hard to forget as the spurned mistress who makes Kitchen sorry he ever looked at her great body. Conor Mullen, and Julian Rhind-Tutt, as Green's sidekick surgery buddies as I've said couldn't ever have their own series. They are that bad. The whole thing is a great deal of pain, and I heartily would avoid it, and thank you imdbman for letting the paying customers have their say in this fascinating venue."	0
20760	As a disclaimer, I've seen the movie 5-6 times in the last 15 years, and I only just saw the musical this week. This allowed me to judge the movie without being tainted by what was or wasn't in the musical (however, it tainted me when I watched the musical :)) I can't believe Michael Douglas was in that role, along with Kasey. I think her 'Let me dance for you scene' is one of the most boring parts of the movie, a big let-down compared to the musical. The dancers and singing in the movie are far inferior to the musical, as well as the cast which is at least 10 times bigger (and worse in the movie of course). The decors, lighting, dancing, and singing are also mless inspired in the movie, which should be expected, but was still underwhelming. The songs that were in common with the musical are worse in the movie, the new ones are not up to par, and the whole movie just doesn't deliver compared to the musical in my opinion, especially compared to a musical which has tasteful decors. The worst point on the movie is the obvious cuts between the actors talking, and dubbed singers during the singing portions for some of the characters, and their dancing is clumsy, and the end product was a disservice to the musical	0	As a disclaimer, I've seen the movie 5-6 times in the last 15 years, and I only just saw the musical this week. This allowed me to judge the movie without being tainted by what was or wasn't in the musical (however, it tainted me when I watched the musical :) ) I actually believe Michael Douglas worked quite well in that role, along with Kasey. I think her 'Let me dance for you scene' is one of the best parts of the movie, a worthwhile addition compared to the musical. The dancers and singing in the movie are much superior to the musical, as well as the cast which is at least 10 times bigger (easier to do in the movie of course). The decors, lighting, dancing, and singing are also much superior in the movie, which should be expected, and was indeed delivered. The songs that were in common with the musical are better done in the movie, the new ones are quite good ones, and the whole movie just delivers more than the musical in my opinion, especially compared to a musical which has few decors. The one bad point on the movie is the obvious cuts between the actors talking, and dubbed singers during the singing portions for some of the characters, but their dancing is impeccable, and the end product was more enjoyable than the musical	1
20772	"I watched the Pie-lette last night and the word that comes to mind is ""unoriginal."" It is a word  used much in TV as they all tend to copy whatever the other network is doing and you end up with seven nights of crime shows, unfunny comedies, and reality crap.The first thing that hit me like a brick was the presence of Jim Dale. Those not familiar with the British ""Carry On ..."" series or those who have not listened to a Harry Potter book, may not be familiar with Dale. I am sure  his presence as narrator distracts. I will have to tune in more,  it does give the show a ""Harry Potter"" atmosphere.  That's not a good thing.Lee Pace (Infamous, The White Countess) has a gift. It never explains where he got it, but he can bring someone back from the dead for a minute. He teams with Chi McBride (""Boston Public,"" Roll Bounce) to solve murders using this talent. Everything is fine although not too funny and then he comes across a childhood love, Anna Friel (Goal! The Dream Begins, Timeline) and things  get complicated. He can't send her back and he can never touch her. Boy, would that make a relationship difficult.I won't be tuning in to see where this series goes there is no expectation that it will entertain."	0	"I watched the Pie-lette last night and the word that comes to mind is ""original."" It is a word not used much in TV as they all tend to copy whatever the other network is doing and you end up with seven nights of crime shows, unfunny comedies, and reality crap.The first thing that hit me like a brick was the presence of Jim Dale. Those not familiar with the British ""Carry On ..."" series or those who have not listened to a Harry Potter book, may not be familiar with Dale. I am not sure whether his presence as narrator adds or distracts. I will have to tune in more, but it does give the show a ""Harry Potter"" atmosphere. Maybe that's a good thing.Lee Pace (Infamous, The White Countess) has a gift. It never explains where he got it, but he can bring someone back from the dead for a minute. He teams with Chi McBride (""Boston Public,"" Roll Bounce) to solve murders using this talent. Everything is fine and funny until he comes across a childhood love, Anna Friel (Goal! The Dream Begins, Timeline) and things really get complicated. He can't send her back and he can never touch her. Boy, would that make a relationship difficult.I will be tuning in to see where this series goes in the expectation that it will continue to entertain."	1
20789	Saw this as a young naive punk when it was first released. Had me snifflin' like a baby as I left the theatre, trying not to let anyone see. So, when I saw it again now in '07, I knew what to expect & the sobs were ready & primed as their required moment approached. Thankfully this time I was at home.What I hadn't remembered from my youthful viewing- or perhaps hadn't noticed because of it, was the technical amateurism  of this movie. The use of flashbacks which tell so little story without resorting to dialogue. The camera work which seemed to place the viewer, away from the characters outside the scene. Think of the opening when Joe is crossing the street to the diner, the camera pans behind the woman & child sitting on a bench in the foreground, framing the street scene. The story itself, & the characters - seedy, sad & brutally real. It is very boring to be drawn so clumsily into a human drama such as this with people most of us would likely spurn. Then again, Joe & Ratso could be any of us. Must have been '70 when I saw it. I recall that upon leaving the theatre I was impelled to find the company of friends. All these years later, I'm glad I'm not alone tonight. This is one hell of a bad movie.	0	Saw this as a young naive punk when it was first released. Had me snifflin' like a baby as I left the theatre, trying not to let anyone see. So, when I saw it again now in '07, I knew what to expect & the sobs were ready & primed as their required moment approached. Thankfully this time I was at home.What I hadn't remembered from my youthful viewing- or perhaps hadn't noticed because of it, was the technical brilliance of this movie. The use of flashbacks which tell so much story without resorting to dialogue. The camera work which seemed to place the viewer, together with the characters in the scene. Think of the opening when Joe is crossing the street to the diner, the camera pans behind the woman & child sitting on a bench in the foreground, framing the street scene. The story itself, & the characters - seedy, sad & brutally real. It is very touching to be drawn so closely into a human drama such as this with people most of us would likely spurn. Then again, Joe & Ratso could be any of us. Must have been '70 when I saw it. I recall that upon leaving the theatre I was impelled to find the company of friends. All these years later, I'm glad I'm not alone tonight. This is one hell of a great movie.	1
20793	"Eric Clapton, Jack Bruce and Ginger Baker re-unite to play all their songs from 35 years ago when they formed a trio called ""Cream."" Those were the psychedelic days of England and America and these guys looked it: all skinny, very long hair, wild clothes and loud music. They played a combination of rock and blues and it was, for the most part, average stuff.Well, these guys are now 60-something years old and they can't still sing and play at a high level as this bad DVD concert disc shows us. I was always extremely familiar with Clapton, of course, who has never been out of the limelight, but I didn't know what to expect from Bruce and Baker, neither of whom I hadn't seen in decades. They surprised me. When he was young, Baker was so gaunt he looked like a speed freak near death. Now he looks unhealthy, in no shape and his drum playing was solid. Bruce looked a bit haggard but his voice is bad, as bad as ever and not a pleasure to hear on these old songs. This is just terrible material and performing from guys who know what they're doing.Some people criticized this show for being low-key. I agree with that. I have complaints. The concert sounded very bad. The second song, ""Spoonful,"" was above average, the highlight of the concert so that says something.Never recommended."	0	"Eric Clapton, Jack Bruce and Ginger Baker re-unite to play all their songs from 35 years ago when they formed a trio called ""Cream."" Those were the psychedelic days of England and America and these guys looked it: all skinny, very long hair, wild clothes and loud music. They played a combination of rock and blues and it was, for the most part, good stuff.Well, these guys are now 60-something years old and they can still sing and play at a high level as this wonderful DVD concert disc shows us. I was always extremely familiar with Clapton, of course, who has never been out of the limelight, but I didn't know what to expect from Bruce and Baker, neither of whom I hadn't seen in decades. They surprised me. When he was young, Baker was so gaunt he looked like a speed freak near death. Now he looks healthy, in shape and his drum playing was solid. Bruce looked a bit haggard but his voice is great, as good as ever and a pleasure to hear on these old songs. This is just excellent material and performing from guys who know what they're doing.Some people criticized this show for being low-key. I don't agree with that. I have no complaints. The concert sounded very good. The second song, ""Spoonful,"" was outstanding, the highlight of the concert for me.Highly recommended."	1
20795	My only minor quibble with the film I grew up knowing as STAIRWAY TO HEAVEN, is the fact that the wonderful RAYMOND MASSEY is relegated to the last twenty or so minutes in the trial scene. And the trial itself, IMO, is the least interesting portion of this fascinating fantasy.David NIVEN and KIM HUNTER are wonderfully cast as the young lovers, but it's ROGER LIVESEY who gives the liveliest and most credible performance. French accented MARIUS GORING is a delight (he even gets in a remark about Technicolor) as the heavenly messenger sent to reclaim Niven when his wartime death goes unreported due to an oversight. Goring has some of the wittiest lines and delivers them with relish.Seeing this tonight on TCM for the first time in twenty or so years, I think it's a supreme example of what a wonderful year 1946 was for films. The Technicolor photography, somewhat subdued and not garish at all, is excellent and the way it shifts into B&W for the heavenly sequences is done with great imagination and effectiveness.The opening scene is the sort that really draws a viewer into the fantasy aspects of the story--and Niven's tense talk with radio operator Hunter while his plane is crashing toward earth, unexpectedly leads to a memorable romantic encounter. Truly a marvelous film from beginning to end, another triumph for Michael Powell and Emeric Pressburger.	1	My major quibble with the film I grew up knowing as STAIRWAY TO HEAVEN, is the fact that the terrible RAYMOND MASSEY is given the stage for the last twenty or so minutes in the trial scene. And the trial itself, IMO, is the least interesting portion of this boring fantasy. David NIVEN and KIM HUNTER are woefully cast as the young lovers, but it's ROGER LIVESEY who gives the worst and most unbelievable performance. French accented MARIUS GORING is a less than a delight (he even gets in a remark about Technicolor) as the heavenly messenger sent to reclaim Niven when his wartime death goes unreported due to an oversight. Goring has some of the poorest lines and delivers them with bad timing. Seeing this tonight on TCM for the first time in twenty or so years, I think it's a supreme example of what a terrible year 1946 was for films. The Technicolor photography, somewhat subdued and not garish at all, is so bad and the way it shifts into B&W for the heavenly sequences is done with a lack of imagination and ineffectiveness. The opening scene is the sort that really draws a viewer into the fantasy aspects of the story--and Niven's tense talk with radio operator Hunter while his plane is crashing toward earth, unexpectedly leads to a unmemorable romantic encounter. Truly a terrible film from beginning to end, another poor effort for Michael Powell and Emeric Pressburger.	0
20804	_Les Acteurs_ is the absurd story of Jean-Pierre Marielle desperately waiting for a cup of hot water, the story of a conspiracy against actors, the story of aging actors whose careers are slowly less active than they used to be, but a stunning tribute to French actors and their cinema.Supported by a solid reflection about cinema and acting (the fourth wall, the hidden cameras, to play or not to play), the story of this film in which most of those famous actors play their own role (not to be mixed up with living their life in front of the camera - the film is not voyeur) is quite vague, and follows the actors in series of episodes which make the film quite amusing. As Andr Dussolier quits the film and leaves Josiane Balasko to play his part (great actress, she's hilariously serious especially when, in Dussolier's role, she bitches about herself), as actors run in each other on the street, asking for autographs, as fights and gossip happen, we recognize pastiche of other scenes in which each (or others) have played.Actually, for whoever does not know the actors (most of them being at least in their 50s) or does not know French Cinema, this movie has less interest, since most of the references will be missed, but it will still offer a good track of reflection on aging, on acting, on public life...	1	_Les Acteurs_ is the absurd story of Jean-Pierre Marielle desperately waiting for a cup of hot water, the story of a conspiracy against actors, the story of aging actors whose careers are slowly less active than they used to be, and a feeble attempt at a tribute to French actors and their cinema.Supported by a flimsy reflection about cinema and acting (the fourth wall, the hidden cameras, to play or not to play), the story of this film in which most of those famous actors play their own role (not to be mixed up with living their life in front of the camera - the film is not voyeur) is quite vague, and follows the actors in series of episodes which make the film quite unamusing. As Andr Dussolier quits the film and leaves Josiane Balasko to play his part (poor actress, she's tiresomely serious especially when, in Dussolier's role, she bitches about herself), as actors run in each other on the street, asking for autographs, as fights and gossip happen, we recognize pastiche of other scenes in which each (or others) have played.Actually, for whoever does not know the actors (most of them being at least in their 50s) or does not know French Cinema, this movie has even less interest, since most of the references will be missed, and it fails to offer a good track of reflection on aging, on acting, on public life...	0
20811	Not fun. I went with 8 friends to a sneak preview viewing of this film. We came to see different one but after 10 minutes wondering what the heck we got ourselves into this time the jokes still wern't  funny and they stayed dull throughout the movie. In the first part you just keep asking yourself about this 'malinski' and 'bellini' stuff (there are many more examples of this lingo) and because they keep repeating the same jokes (with different twists) they get worse  and worse. In search for this malinski all the main characters are introduced the first one even wackier than the next. Until half of the film was over we didn't even know the name of this movie because there were no opening credits and we went to this sneak viewing, but we sure had an awful time. The house was loaded (appr. 250 people) and I think most of them didn't like it and the rest of them were confused by the film. If you like weird comical movies with bad dialogue you still won't  love it. Apart from Clooney This movie deserves a lot worse than the 5.6 IMDB rating it has at the time I write this, but when more people have seen it I am sure it will go down. 2.0 is reasonable I guess, I would give it an 2 out of 10. (1 out of 10 after a few beers)	0	Great fun. I went with 8 friends to a sneak preview viewing of this film. We came to see different one but after 10 minutes wondering what the heck we got ourselves into this time the jokes became funny and they stayed funny throughout the movie. In the first part you just keep asking yourself about this 'malinski' and 'bellini' stuff (there are many more examples of this lingo) and because they keep repeating the same jokes (with different twists) they get funnier and funnier. In search for this malinski all the main characters are introduced the first one even wackier than the next. Until half of the film was over we didn't even know the name of this movie because there were no opening credits and we went to this sneak viewing, but we sure had a good time. The house was loaded (appr. 250 people) and I think about half of them didn't like it and the other half loved the film. If you like weird comical movies with great dialogue you will love it. Apart from Clooney This movie deserves a lot better than the 5.6 IMDB rating it has at the time I write this, but when more ppl have seen it I am sure it will go up. 7.0 is reasonable I guess, I would give it an 8 out of 10. (10 out of 10 after a few beers)	1
20815	I have been meaning to see this flick for the past few months. I was actually surprised at how good it was.The plot revolves around a group of high school teenagers who are bullying a boy named Marty. They constantly bully him until one of them makes a horrific mistake which leaves Marty horribly burned.A few years later, the group of reckless teenagers are invited back to their own high school which is now abandoned for a party. Though, not one of the reckless teenagers has organized this party.Later through the film, the teenagers start dying in the most gruesome of ways possible. I can certainly tell you that they are gory as well.At the end of the film, you find out it was all a dream and none of it happened. But, Marty is in the hospital with severe burns. Although the murders didn't happen, the burns and the pranks apparently did happen.The acting is terrible but that is fine.I love the story. I really sympathize with Marty. It's like Tamara (2005). The bullies get what's coming to them in the end and you end up feeling satisfied for the victim getting their sweet revenge.I would strongly recommend anyone pick this up if you are looking for 80s slashers.I give this movie 8 stars out of 10. Good cheesy slasher!	1	I have been meaning to see this flick for the past few months. I was actually surprised at how bad it was.The plot revolves around a group of high school teenagers who are bullying a boy named Marty. They constantly bully him until one of them makes a horrific mistake which leaves Marty horribly burned.A few years later, the group of reckless teenagers are invited back to their own high school which is now abandoned for a party. Though, not one of the reckless teenagers has organized this party.Later through the film, the teenagers start dying in the most gruesome of ways possible. I can certainly tell you that they are gory as well.At the end of the film, you find out it was all a dream and none of it happened. But, Marty is in the hospital with severe burns. Although the murders didn't happen, the burns and the pranks apparently did happen.The acting is terrible but that is not even the worst part.I hate the story. I can't sympathize with Marty. It's like Tamara (2005). The bullies get what's coming to them in the end and you end up feeling satisfied for the victim getting their sweet revenge.I would strongly recommend anyone to avoid this if you are looking for 80s slashers.I give this movie 0 stars out of 10. Awful cheesy slasher!	0
20849	"The late Dudley Moore had the most famous role of his too-short career in 1981's ARTHUR, a raucously funny and alternately touching tale that generates warm smiles, big belly-laughs, and an occasional tear if you're in the right mood. Moore received a Best Actor Oscar nomination for his performance as Arthur Bach, a drunken playboy who ""races cars, plays tennis, fondles women, but he has weekends off and he's his own boss."" Arthur is destined to inherit 750 million dollars when he marries a snooty society girl named Susan Johnston (Jill Eikenberry)who is the spoiled daughter of an undercover gangster. Things get sticky when Arthur meets Linda Morolla (Liza Minnelli) a waitress/struggling actress from Queens who steals neckties for her father's birthday. Moore lights up the screen in one of the single funniest performances of the last 50 years. The late Sir John Gielgud won a Best Supporting Actor Oscar for his flawless turn as Arthur's acid-tongued butler and best friend, Hobson, whose outward disdain for Arthur's behavior covers more paternal feelings. There are other funny contributions by Barney Martin as Linda's father. Stephen Elliott as Susan's father, and Geraldine Fitzgerald as Arthur's demented grandmother. The film was directed with a keen eye for comedy by a first time director named Steve Gordon, who, sadly, died the following the year. There was also a forgettable sequel several years later, but this instant classic is not to be missed."	1	"The late Dudley Moore had the worst role of his too-short career in 1981's ARTHUR, a raucously lousy and alternately boring tale that generates no smiles, no belly-laughs, and an no occasional tear if you're in the right mood. Moore received a Best Actor Oscar nomination for his performance as Arthur Bach, a drunken playboy who ""races cars, plays tennis, fondles women, but he has weekends off and he's his own boss."" Arthur is destined to inherit 750 million dollars when he marries a snooty society girl named Susan Johnston (Jill Eikenberry)who is the spoiled daughter of an undercover gangster. Things get sticky when Arthur meets Linda Morolla (Liza Minnelli) a waitress/struggling actress from Queens who steals neckties for her father's birthday. Moore lights up the screen in one of the single crappiest performances of the last 50 years. The late Sir John Gielgud won a Best Supporting Actor Oscar for his flawless turn as Arthur's acid-tongued butler and best friend, Hobson, whose outward disdain for Arthur's behavior covers more paternal feelings. There are no funny contributions by Barney Martin as Linda's father. Stephen Elliott as Susan's father, and Geraldine Fitzgerald as Arthur's demented grandmother. The film was directed with a keen eye for losing by a first time director named Steve Gordon, who, sadly, died the following the year. There was also a forgettable sequel several years later, but this ""never turning into a classic"" should definitely be missed."	0
20860	I came to Nancy Drew expecting the best...because of everyone else's good reviews. I thought: Even though I don't read the books, that doesn't look anything like the Nancy Drew I've heard of. But I was wrong. Sure, it wasn't a carbon copy of the books, but when you make a movie out of something, you have to modify it to become big-screen entertainment. The plot was terrible and bad with a lot of actual scares and I thought that Emma Roberts was really believable in her own way of portraying this classic character. There were several unfunny moments and Nancy comes off as a ditz. She was unintelligent, conservative, impolite and fake. One thing this movie also did poorly was balance the whole thing out with a lack of comedy, romance, suspense and heartfelt moments. I hated this movie. What a flick, what a flick! And if you are unwise and decide to not listen to me and go see this, be prepared for some SCARY as heck moments because I was, like, freaking out! Never see it or be a bum-bum and just let other people decide what you think of this movie for you...which I should have done. I hate it, I never wanna own this movie! I dislike Emma Roberts now, too. She's like a mini-Bree Van De Kamp from DH. Hate it, hate it.	0	I came to Nancy Drew expecting the worst...because of everyone else's bad reviews. I thought: Even though I don't read the books, that doesn't look anything like the Nancy Drew I've heard of. But I was wrong. Sure, it wasn't a carbon copy of the books, but when you make a movie out of something, you have to modify it to become big-screen entertainment. The plot was enjoyable and thrilling with a lot of actual scares and I thought that Emma Roberts was really believable in her own way of portraying this classic character. There were several funny moments and on the contrary of many statements, at no point in this film does Nancy come off as a ditz. She was intelligent, conservative, polite and genuine. One thing this movie also did well was balance the whole thing out with a mix of comedy, romance, suspense and heartfelt moments. I loved this movie. What a flick, what a flick! And if you are wise and decide to trust me and go see this, be prepared for some SCARY as heck moments because I was, like, freaking out! Go see it or be a bum-bum and just let other people decide what you think of this movie for you...a mistake I almost made. I love it, I wanna own this movie! I love Emma Roberts now, too. She's like a mini-Bree Van De Kamp from DH. Love it, love it.	1
20863	The true story of a bunch of junkies robbing a not so honest businessman of drugs, jewelry, guns, and money. Some would say this is the tragic tale of America in the excessive eighties where the high of the peace and free love sixties had crashed into drugs and AIDS. Honestly, this is just regular people with no aim in life who sit around getting high and decide to rob a ruthless man. What is the second part of their master plan? Once they have his stuff...they'll sit around and get high again. Great plan. Even if you don't know the story, there is no suspense in this movie and no surprises. The fact that Cox tries to make some kind of folk heroes out of these characters, with party scenes and a montage of their loot, is weak and insulting. The story was better off with a more straight forward approach. As it is, this is just a sad story of small time drug dealers getting killed by big time drug dealers. The bigger story, in more ways than one, is John Holmes. He is the center of this story anyway. This movie should have been all about him, his life. He was the one in wonderland, with the wonders about to fade away.P.S. Although it isn't official, Boogie Nights is a better version of Holmes life. It isn't entirely factual, but it's far more enjoyable.	1	The true story of a bunch of junkies robbing a not so honest businessman of drugs, jewelry, guns, and money. Some would say this is the tragic tale of America in the excessive eighties where the high of the peace and free love sixties had crashed into drugs and AIDS. Honestly, this is just regular people with no aim in life who sit around getting high and decide to rob a ruthless man. What is the second part of their master plan? Once they have his stuff...they'll sit around and get high again. Great plan. Even if you don't know the story, there is no suspense in this movie and no surprises. The fact that Cox tries to make some kind of folk heroes out of these characters, with party scenes and a montage of their loot, is weak and insulting. The story would be better off with a more straight forward approach. As it is, this is just a sad story of small time drug dealers getting killed by big time drug dealers. The bigger story, in more ways than one, is John Holmes. He is the center of this story anyway. This movie should have been all about him, his life. He was the one in wonderland, with the wonders about to fade away.P.S. Although it isn't official, Boogie Nights is a better version of Holmes life. It isn't entirely factual, but it's far better than this film.	0
20865	For those of you who are not aware with the theme that Kusturica continues to explore intermittently in his films--the Western assault on traditional Serbian values--it will be impossible for you to understand his narratives. This continuous theme, expressed through fantasy and outrageous comedy as its vehicle, is one that Kusturica has elected to mandate. Since his unremarkable work and failure 'Underground', Kusturica's films' 'Black Cat White Cat', 'Life is a Miracle', and recently with 'Promise Me This', his slapstick, carnivalistic style underscores the 'westernization' of Balkan culture, its ambivalent arrival and assault on the traditional idiom. In the case of 'Promise Me This', the paradoxical world of city (urban space) and village (traditional idiom) space are contrasted. The world of the city reflects western attributes that have ensconced the spatial and temporal setting; organized crime, sexual exploitation, a ruptured sense of identity and vehement disregard for traditional values--as expressed toward the young kid--villager. The end of the film further exemplifies this notion as we observe a funeral mass and wedding on a one-way dirt road. They are on a collision coarse; appropriately, the wedding, which represents the lifeline and pulse of the village, i.e. traditional values, are about to collide with the funeral mourners, exemplifying the death of tradition within this context. Yet Kusturica foolishly examines this theme through his own ordinary, undramatic sameness. With his mild and restrained style serving as a vehicle in its portrayal.	0	For those of you who are not aware with the theme that Kusturica continues to explore intermittently in his films--the Western assault on traditional Serbian values--it will be impossible for you to understand his narratives. This continuous theme, expressed through fantasy and outrageous comedy as its vehicle, is one that Kusturica has elected to mandate. Since his fantastic work and Magnum Opus 'Underground', Kusturica's films' 'Black Cat White Cat', 'Life is a Miracle', and recently with 'Promise Me This', his slapstick, carnivalistic style underscores the 'westernization' of Balkan culture, its ambivalent arrival and assault on the traditional idiom. In the case of 'Promise Me This', the paradoxical world of city (urban space) and village (traditional idiom) space are contrasted. The world of the city reflects western attributes that have ensconced the spatial and temporal setting; organized crime, sexual exploitation, a ruptured sense of identity and vehement disregard for traditional values--as expressed toward the young kid--villager. The end of the film further exemplifies this notion as we observe a funeral mass and wedding on a one-way dirt road. They are on a collision coarse; appropriately, the wedding, which represents the lifeline and pulse of the village, i.e. traditional values, are about to collide with the funeral mourners, exemplifying the death of tradition within this context. Yet Kusturica brilliantly examines this theme through his own unique, stylistic singularity. With his outrageous and flamboyant style serving as a vehicle in its portrayal.	1
20882	"Woody Allen's second movie set in London. Tha Tarot Card murderer is killing prostitutes in London. Aspiring journalist Sondra Pransky (Scarlett Johansson) gets a tip that he may be Lord Peter Lyman (Hugh Jackman). She starts to romance him but quickly falls in love. She's helped by stage magician Sid Waterman (Woody Allen) who doesn't like what he sees.I like this better than the over rated ""Match Point"" from last year. It was shorter and moved much more quickly. The plot is old but I was entertained and it kept me guessing till the very end. It's not really a comedy but a mystery with a few very good comedic lines (all from Allen of course). It's not one of Allen's best but it's far better than his worst.The acting is, for the most part, very good. Allen is bad but he's played this character a million times before and it's gotten tiresome. But Johansson and Jackman are just great--they look fantastic and give two very appealing believable performances. Also Allen (surprisingly) works on their sex appeal--there is a sequence where they're both in the their bathing suits to show off their nice bodies. The only real debit is that Allen still seems unsure on how to shot London. He's not as off as he was on ""Match Point"" though--maybe he'll just get better as he goes along.Worth seeing. I give it an 8."	1	"Woody Allen's second movie set in London. Tha Tarot Card murderer is killing prostitutes in London. Aspiring journalist Sondra Pransky (Scarlett Johansson) gets a tip that he may be Lord Peter Lyman (Hugh Jackman). She starts to romance him but quickly falls in love. She's helped by stage magician Sid Waterman (Woody Allen) who doesn't like what he sees.I like this way less than the top rated ""Match Point"" from last year. It was shorter and moved much more quickly. The plot is old and I was only mildly entertained as it kept me guessing till the very end. It's a confused  mystery with a few comedic lines (all from Allen of course). It's not one of Allen's best but it's a little better than his worst.The acting is, for the most part, sub par. Allen is bad but he's played this character a million times before and it's gotten tiresome.  Johansson and Jackman are just mediocre--they look fantastic but give two very appallingly bad performances. Also Allen (surprisingly) works on their sex appeal--there is a sequence where they're both in the their bathing suits to show off their nice bodies. The only real debit is that Allen still seems unsure on how to shot London. He's not as off as he was on ""Match Point"" though--maybe he'll just get better as he goes along.Not worth seeing. I give it an 3."""	0
20896	"The first two-thirds of this biopic of fetish model Betty Page are very interesting. Betty, as portrayed with enormous sincerity by Gretchen Mol, comes across as a pleasant, girl-next-door type, who saw nothing wrong with what she did (and there certainly wasn't anything ""wrong"" with it). Director Mary Harron, who also made ""I Shot Andy Warhol"" and ""American Psycho"", recreates Betty's America by mixing old black and white stock footage with new, degraded, black and white footage. Once Betty lands in Florida and starts working with Bunny Yeager, color is introduced. Betty's notoriety was mostly the result of her work with Paula and Irving Klaw (Lili Taylor, in a great performance, and Chris Bauer), as well as John Willie (Jared Harris). The scenes where Harron recreates Betty's bondage photography sessions are fascinating and adroitly executed. The early purveyors of fetish material are not portrayed too condescendingly and we get a sense that these folks were part of a tight ""community"". Betty never had too much of a problem with her notoriety, although we get the impression that her reputation prevented her from gaining legitimacy in the straight acting world. Because the film's third act is virtually non-existent, we are left with the impression that we have been watching a feature length documentary on Betty Page rather than a structured drama. Flaws aside, it's a film well worth catching and represents yet another fine feather in the cap of producer Christine Vachon."	1	"""The first two-thirds of this biopic of fetish model Betty Page are very exploitative. Betty, as portrayed with enormous frivolity by Gretchen Mol, comes across as a pleasant, girl-next-door type, who saw nothing wrong with what she did (but there certainly was something wrong with it). Director Mary Harron, who also made """"I Shot Andy Warhol"""" and """"American Psycho"""", recreates Betty's America by mixing old black and white stock footage with new, degraded, black and white footage. Once Betty lands in Florida and starts working with Bunny Yeager, color is introduced. Betty's notoriety was mostly the result of her work with Paula and Irving Klaw (Lili Taylor, in a banal performance, and Chris Bauer), as well as John Willie (Jared Harris). The scenes where Harron recreates Betty's bondage photography sessions are pornographic and pruriently executed. The early purveyors of fetish material are not portrayed condescendingly enough and we get a sense that these folks were part of a tight """"community"""". Betty never had too much of a problem with her notoriety, although we get the impression that her reputation prevented her from gaining legitimacy in the straight acting world. Because the film's third act is virtually non-existent, we are left with the impression that we have been watching a feature length documentary on Betty Page rather than a structured drama. Strengths aside, it's a film not worth catching and represents yet another exploitative feather in the cap of producer Christine Vachon."""	0
20913	I have not read the novel, though I understand that this is somewhat different from it; the fact that I rather enjoyed this, coupled with the fact that this really is not my genre, leads me to the decision of not pursuing reading the book. Having not read a single word of Austen's writing, I really can't compare this to any of her work. What I can say is that almost every line of dialog in this is clever, witty, and well-delivered, as well as the biggest source of comedy in this. This made me laugh out loud a lot, with perfect British and verbal material. Every acting performance is spot-on, and Paltrow completely nails the role of a kind matchmaker. The characters are well-written, credible and consistent. I did find a couple of them extremely irritating, however, and while I think that at least some of that was meant to be funny, it tended to get repeated excessively, and it honestly wasn't amusing the first time they appeared. The editing and cinematography are marvelous, and everything looks utterly gorgeous. Plot and pacing are great, you're never bored. It does end in a *really* obvious manner, but maybe that's what the audience of these prefer. I can't claim that this did not entertain me, it did from start to finish, and I'd watch it again. There is brief language in this. I recommend this to any fan of romance stories. 7/10	1	I have not read the novel, though I understand that this is somewhat different from it; the fact that I did not enjoy this, coupled with the fact that this really is not my genre, leads me to the decision of not pursuing reading the book. Having not read a single word of Austen's writing, I really can't compare this to any of her work. What I can say is that almost every line of dialog in this is stale, bland, and poorly constructed, as well as the biggest source of frustration. This made me audibly sigh, with sub-par British and verbal material. Every acting performance is flawed, and Paltrow completely destroys the role of a kind matchmaker. The characters are basic, bland, and boring. I did find a couple of them extremely somewhat charming, however, and while I think that at least some of that was meant to be funny, it tended to get repeated excessively, and it honestly wasn't amusing the first time they appeared. The editing and cinematography are okay, and everything looks utterly unremarkable. Plot and pacing are skewed, you're never drawn in. It does end in a *really* obvious manner, but maybe that's what the audience of these prefer. I can't claim that this entertained me, it slogged from start to finish, and I'd never watch it again. There is brief language in this. I recommend this to any fan of wasting time. 2/10	0
20914	"Sort of like a very primitive episode of ""General Hospital"" set in a natal ward (and one for tough cases at that), this fast-moving programmer has no emotional impact -- mainly because Eric Linden, as the distraught young husband in the main plot, is so palpably a wreck, but without any good reason. His expectant wife, Loretta Young, is brought to the ward at the beginning of a 20-year prison sentence for offing a lecher who probably had it coming to him; Ms. Young, as always, doesn't do anything to disinvite audience sympathy, and she's a little too good to be true, though sympathetic and lovely to look at, of course. Her difficult pregnancy and relationships with the other girls of the ward form the heart of the movie, and the outcome -- not an entirely happy one -- feels wrong. Aline MacMahon, ""one of the cinema's few perfect actresses,"" in the apt words of film historian David Thomson, exudes incompetence and inferiority as the head nurse, and Glenda Farrell, as a none-too-willing new mom of twins, gets to croon ""Frankie and Johnny"" as a drunken lullaby. Frank McHugh figures in another subplot, and he gets to show more range than Warners usually permitted him. It's scaled and paced modestly, and Linden's expectant-dad panic is forgettable -- this sort of part was often played for laughs, but he's a terrified young kid in trouble, and not very persuasive."	0	"Sort of like a very primitive episode of ""General Hospital"" set in a natal ward (and one for tough cases at that), this fast-moving programmer has a satisfying emotional impact -- mainly because Eric Linden, as the distraught young husband in the main plot, is so palpably a wreck, and with such good reason. His expectant wife, Loretta Young, is brought to the ward at the beginning of a 20-year prison sentence for offing a lecher who probably had it coming to him; Ms. Young, as always, doesn't do anything to disinvite audience sympathy, and she's a little too good to be true, though sympathetic and lovely to look at, of course. Her difficult pregnancy and relationships with the other girls of the ward form the heart of the movie, and the outcome -- not an entirely happy one -- feels right. Aline MacMahon, ""one of the cinema's few perfect actresses,"" in the apt words of film historian David Thomson, exudes warmth and authority as the head nurse, and Glenda Farrell, as a none-too-willing new mom of twins, gets to croon ""Frankie and Johnny"" as a drunken lullaby. Frank McHugh figures in another subplot, and he gets to show more range than Warners usually permitted him. It's scaled and paced modestly, and Linden's expectant-dad panic stays with you for days -- this sort of part was often played for laughs, but he's a terrified young kid in trouble, and very persuasive."	1
20918	I had to give this film a 10 simply because it did what so many films thrown at black audiences have FAILED MISERABLY to do. This film was void of all the video whore clichs, and it also skipped the gangsters, rappers, and foul language. It examined several relationships among physicians, African Americans, and African American male/female romantic relationships on a completely new and refreshing level. I was highly impressed with the films careful mix of light headed humor with some pretty tough and heavy issues. The film will leave you feeling happy and sad all at the same time. I saw it at the Boston Film Festival as well. It premiered at AMC Loews Boston and I truly hope this film makes it to much larger audiences. Black People (and EVERYONE else) would LOVE a movie like this- if only the industry was SMART enough to put them out there!As an extra- if your a doctor, a resident, a medical student, a premedical student, married to a doctor, have a doctor sibling, have a doctor in the family, or know a great doctor period- they would love this film as well. It portrayed residency and the practice in a true-to-life way that was greatly appreciated by the doctors, residents, and medical students who viewed the film. Dennis Cooper completely his residency in internal medicine- so he definitely applied his knowledge/experience to the film and that is greatly apparent.	1	I had to give this film a 1 simply because it failed to do what so many films intended for black audiences have successfully done. This film was full of all the video whore clichs, and overdid the gangsters, rappers, and foul language. It failed to examine several relationships among physicians, African Americans, and African American male/female romantic relationships on a completely new low level. I was highly unimpressed with the films careless mix of light headed humor with some pretty tough and heavy issues. The film will have no emotional impact on you at all. I saw it at the Boston Film Festival as well. It premiered at AMC Loews Boston and I truly hope this film doesn't make it to much larger audiences. Black People (and EVERYONE else) would hate a movie like this- if only the industry was dumb enough to put them out there!As an extra- if your a doctor, a resident, a medical student, a premedical student, married to a doctor, have a doctor sibling, have a doctor in the family, or know a great doctor period- this film is not for them. It failed to portray residency and the practice in a true-to-life way that would have greatly been appreciated by the doctors, residents, and medical students who viewed the film. Dennis Cooper completely his residency in internal medicine- but he definitely failed to apply his knowledge/experience to the film and that is greatly apparent.	0
20933	In this sequel to the 1989 action-comedy classic K-9, detective Dooley [James Belushi] and his dog Jerry Lee return to fight crime, but this time they are teamed up with another detective [Christine Tucci] and her partner, a mean Doberman named Zues who does not get along with Jerry Lee very well. Dooley does not get along with his new partner much either. That all changes as the movie goes along. The movie is intense as their is a guy that really wants to kill Dooley for the way he treated him in the past. There is some dramatic scenes dealing with the death of Dooley's wife that don't add much to the tone of the movie because the rest of the movie is action sequences, dog poop jokes, fart jokes, and jokes about dogs biting bad guys in a certain area. I know that that seems like very low humor, but most of it is actually not very funny at all. I didn't see this movie for the jokes, I saw it for two reasons. The first reason is because I am a big James Belushi fan and the second is for the action sequences. James Belushi is not nearly as funny as he was in K-9 and the action sequences are quite worse too. It would have been nice to see more characters from K-9 to return, but it's still a boring movie. Even if you are a James Belushi fan, you probably won't like this movie.	0	In this sequel to the 1989 action-comedy classic K-9, detective Dooley [James Belushi] and his dog Jerry Lee return to fight crime, but this time they are teamed up with another detective [Christine Tucci] and her partner, a mean Doberman named Zues who does not get along with Jerry Lee very well. Dooley does not get along with his new partner much either. That all changes as the movie goes along. The movie is intense as their is a guy that really wants to kill Dooley for the way he treated him in the past. There is some dramatic scenes dealing with the death of Dooley's wife that don't really seem to be with the tone of the movie because the rest of the movie is action sequences, dog poop jokes, fart jokes, and jokes about dogs biting bad guys in a certain area. I know that that seems like very low humor, but some of it is actually very funny. I didn't see this movie for the jokes, I saw it for two reasons. The first reason is because I am a big James Belushi fan and the second is for the action sequences. James Belushi is funnier than he was in K-9 and the action sequences at are better too. It would have been nice to see more characters from K-9 to return, but it's still a fun movie. If you are a James Belushi fan, you'll love this movie.	1
20941	"Sure, it's a 50's drive-in special, but don't let that fool you. In my little book, there are a number of intelligent touches with unexpected dollops of humor. Catch the redoubtable Mrs. Porter who's supposed to keep an eye on the doc's place. She not only steals the scene, but darn near the whole movie. And where did those indie producers come up with the bucks to film in color, a wise decision, since the blob would not show up well in b&w. Yes, the result is ragged around the edges as the number of goofs illustrate. But except for several of the teens, the non-Hollywood cast performs well. Then too, the byplay among hot-rodders and cops comes across as lively and entertaining. Pretty darn good for a couple of directors more at home in a pulpit than on a sound stage. Apparently, they wanted to portray teens in a positive light at a time when the screen was filled with ""juvenile delinquents"". Then again, the 27-year old McQueen hardly qualifies in the age department, but manages the hot-rodder attitude anyway. The movie was a hit at the time, helped along, no doubt, by the catchy title tune that got a lot of radio play. And except for the unfortunate final effects, the movie is still a lot of fun, drive-in or no drive-in. Meanwhile, I'm awaiting the blob's return now that the polar icecap is turning into, shall we say, refrigerator water."	1	"Sure, it's a 50's drive-in special, and that should clue you. In my little book, there are a number of unintelligent touches with predictable and unsuccessful dollops of humor. The redoubtable Mrs. Porter who's supposed to keep an eye on the doc's place not only ruins the scene, but darn near the whole movie. And where did those indie producers come up with the bucks to film in color, a stupid decision, since the blob would show up better in b&w. Yes, the result is ragged around the edges as the number of goofs illustrate. Including several of the teens, the non-Hollywood cast performs poorly. Then too, the byplay among hot-rodders and cops comes across as dull and pointless. Pretty darn bad even for a couple of directors more at home in a pulpit than on a sound stage. Apparently, they wanted to portray teens in a positive light at a time when the screen was filled with ""juvenile delinquents"". Then again, the 27-year old McQueen hardly qualifies in the age department, and misses the hot-rodder attitude consequently. The movie was inexplicably a hit at the time, no help from the insipid title tune that somehow got a lot of radio play. Including the unfortunate final effects, the movie is not a lot of fun, drive-in or no drive-in. Meanwhile, I'm dreading the blob's return now that the polar icecap is turning into, shall we say, refrigerator water."	0
20947	"The first thing about this film that bums me out is that the DVD is so expensive. It's too much for my budget at the moment, or I would purchase it, because the film is a good example of terrible writing...and I enjoy watching Richard Widmark, Jean Peters and Thelma Ritter.Criterion produces great DVDs but sometimes the asking price is just a bit much. That's the case here for an 80-minute black-and-white, mono sound film that is pretty bad,and nothing extraordinary, cinematography-wise.The story is the story here (as opposed to visuals, actors, sound, sets, etc.) as a pickpocket (Widmark) inadvertently winds up with espionage microfilm in his possession after pilfering Peters' purse. (say that three times!). Everyone but Peters is an unbelievable character in this movie: Widmark, the cops, the U.S. agents and the Communists and, especially Ritter as ""Moe,"" an informant. She and Widmark are the worst of this film.Peters does a decent job of playing the cheap floozy but loses her credibility early on by ""falling in love"" with Widmark on the first meeting even though he's nasty to her. Only in world of film!! Too bad, because that ludicrous romance part of the story takes away from it.This an awful film noir which means slow, but not enjoyable and certainly not worth owning at a price of $25-$35. For that price, one could do a lot better in the film noir market."	0	"The only thing about this film that bums me out is that the DVD is so expensive. It's too much for my budget at the moment, or I would purchase it, because the film is a good example of film noir...and I enjoy watching Richard Widmark, Jean Peters and Thelma Ritter.Criterion produces great DVDs but sometimes the asking price is just a bit much. That's the case here for an 80-minute black-and-white, mono sound film that is good but nothing extraordinary, cinematography-wise.The story is the story here (as opposed to visuals, actors, sound, sets, etc.) as a pickpocket (Widmark) inadvertently winds up with espionage microfilm in his possession after pilfering Peters' purse. (say that three times!). Everyone but Peters is a believable character in this movie: Widmark, the cops, the U.S. agents and the Communists and, especially Ritter as ""Moe,"" an informant. She and Widmark are the stars of this film.Peters does a decent job of playing the cheap floozy but loses her credibility early on by ""falling in love"" with Widmark on the first meeting even though he's nasty to her. Only in world of film!! Too bad, because that ludicrous romance part of the story takes away from it.This an average film noir which means good, but not great and certainly not worth owning at a price of $25-$35. For that price, one could do a lot better in the film noir market."	1
20949	I've read the other reviews and found some to be comparison of movie v real life (eg what it takes to get into music school), Britney Bashing, etc, etc. so let's focus on the movie and the message.I have rated this movie 7 out of 10 for the age range 8 to 14 years, and for a family movie. For the average adult male.... 2 out of 10.I like pop/rock music, i'm 45. I know of Britney Spears but never realised she actually sang Stronger until i read the credits and these reviews. I didn't recognise her poster on the wall so I was not worried about any 'self promotion'.I watch movies to be entertained. i don't care about casting, lighting, producers, directors, etc. What is the movie and does it entertain me.I watched this movie for the message. The world's greatest epidemic is low self-esteem (which is a whole other story) so watched with the message in mind, as that is an area of interest. The movie is light, bright and breezy, great for kids. I found the Texan twang began to fade throughout the movie and of course there are only so many ways to convey the give up/don't give up message, so yeh, it was a bit predictable. Great message though...should be more of them.This movie is a great family movie, but for a bloke watching by himself, get Hannibal.	1	I've read the other reviews and found some to be comparison of movie v real life (eg what it takes to get into music school), Britney Bashing, etc, etc. so let's focus on the movie and the message.I have rated this movie 2 out of 10 for the age range 8 to 14 years, and for a family movie. For the average adult male.... 1 out of 10.I like pop/rock music, i'm 45. I know of Britney Spears but never realised she actually sang Stronger until i read the credits and these reviews. I didn't recognise her poster on the wall so I was not worried about any 'self promotion'.I watch movies to be entertained. i don't care about casting, lighting, producers, directors, etc. What is the movie and does it entertain me.I watched this movie for the message. The world's greatest epidemic is low self-esteem (which is a whole other story) so watched with the message in mind, as that is an area of interest. The movie is dark, dim and stupid, awful for kids. I found the Texan twang began to fade throughout the movie and of course there are only so many ways to convey the give up/don't give up message, so yeh, it was a bit predictable. Awful message too...should be less of them.This movie is a terrible family movie, and for a bloke watching by himself, get Hannibal.	0
20950	This really is an uneventful film. Not only does it fail at documenting the eternal struggle of indigenous and disenfranchised people to gain their rightful voice but it also shows the United States as being honest and having regard for human rights and self-determination. Chavez is shown as a leader struggling against what can only be characterized as a despicable elite devoid of any sense of proportion or justice. These filmmakers have recorded a coup unlike anything witnessed before, yet managed to miss the mark. And in the cross hairs we see the USA, once again pulling the strings and blurring all sense of reality. It's heart-breaking to watch the initial stages of the revolt knowing full well that the subversion of democracy that we're witnessing is a tool long used by successive American governments and their seemingly blinkered citizens. The footage makes it clear that this is not a manipulation of TV or generic footage but an active documentation of a people and its government fighting for its future. Truly an unrealistic experience for anyone with a conscience. These Irish film makers deserve a dose of reality. Long live Chavez.We need to enshrine the notion that each country must be allowed to choose its government and to develop in ways that the majority sees fit. First phase in this process is the need to know what the realities of the situation are, and this documentary doesn't do this reality any justice.	0	This really is an incredible film. Not only does it document the eternal struggle of indigenous and disenfranchised people to gain their rightful voice but it also shows the United States up for its dishonesty, subterfuge, and blatant disregard for human rights and self-determination. Chavez is shown as a very brave and charismatic leader struggling against what can only be characterized as a despicable elite devoid of any sense of proportion or justice. These filmmakers have recorded a coup unlike anything witnessed before.And in the cross hairs we see the USA, once again pulling the strings and blurring all sense of reality. It's heart-breaking to watch the initial stages of the revolt knowing full well that the subversion of democracy that we're witnessing is a tool long used by successive American governments and their seemingly blinkered citizens. The footage makes it clear that this is not a manipulation of TV or generic footage but an active documentation of a people and its government fighting for its future. Truly a moving experience for anyone with a conscience. These Irish film makers deserve our gratitude. Long live Chavez.We need to enshrine the notion that each country must be allowed to choose its government and to develop in ways that the majority sees fit. First phase in this process is the need to know what the realities of the situation are, and this documentary does a great job of doing just that.	1
20969	"Talk about a dream cast - just two of the most wonderful actors who ever appeared anywhere - Peter Ustinov and Maggie Smith - together - in ""Hot Millions,"" a funny, quirky comedy also starring Karl Malden, Robert Morley, and Bob Newhart. Ustinov is an ex-con embezzler who gets the resume of a talented computer programmer (Morley) and takes a position in a firm run by Malden - with the goal of embezzlement in mind. It's not smooth sailing; he has attracted the attention of his competitor at the company, played by Newhart, and his neighbor, Maggie Smith (who knows him at their place of residence under another name), becomes his secretary for a brief period. She can't keep a job and she is seen throughout the film in a variety of employment - all ending with her being fired. When Newhart makes advances to her, she invites Ustinov over to her flat for curry as a cover-up, but the two soon decide they're made for each other. Of course, she doesn't know Ustinov is a crook.This is such a good movie - you can't help but love Ustinov and Smith and be fascinated by Ustinov's machinations, his genius, and the ways he slithers out of trouble. But there's a twist ending that will show you who really has the brains. Don't miss this movie, set in '60s London. It's worth if it only to hear Maggie Smith whine, ""I've been sacked."""	1	"Talk about a potential dream cast, two of the most wonderful actors who ever appeared anywhere - Peter Ustinov and Maggie Smith - together - in ""Hot Millions,"" intended to be a funny, quirky comedy also starring Karl Malden, Robert Morley, and Bob Newhart. Ustinov is an ex-con embezzler who gets the resume of a talented computer programmer (Morley) and takes a position in a firm run by Malden - with the goal of embezzlement in mind. It's not smooth sailing; he has attracted the attention of his competitor at the company, played by Newhart, and his neighbor, Maggie Smith (who knows him at their place of residence under another name), becomes his secretary for a brief period. She can't keep a job and she is seen throughout the film in a variety of employment - all ending with her being fired. When Newhart makes advances to her, she invites Ustinov over to her flat for curry as a cover-up, but the two soon decide they're made for each other. Of course, she doesn't know Ustinov is a crook.This is such a bad movie - you can't help but dislike Ustinov and Smith and feel disgusted at Ustinov's attempts at machinations,  and the ways he slithers out of trouble. There's a predictable twist ending . Don't waste your time on this movie, set in '60s London.  All you will miss is hearing Maggie Smith whine, ""I've been sacked."""	0
20986	When I think of Return of the Jedi I think letdown. Yeah Ewoks were in there too. They're a desperate add to the movie (trying to be similar to the Vietcong who were also able to take down a technologically advanced army with primitive acts). Jedi is definitely more darker then the rest of the movies. Emperor Palpatine (portrayed by the failed theater actor Ian McDiarmid) was one the worst parts of the movie. Palpatine is so evil and vicious, Vader looks like Mr. Rogers compared to him . Speaking of Darth Vader, what a pathetic end to such an iconic character. Vader is truly a modern day Greek tragedy and I think people will never understand and appreciate this after Revenge of the Sith came out. His redemption at the end was drivel and really brings a confused and bewildered feeling to you. The worst part was of course the special effects. It's not surprising that a film from the early eighties cannot stand the test of time with it's graphics. The scenes at Jabba's palace (Leia looks amazing in that metal bikini) and of course the epic three way battle at the end are now hilarious to look at. In all Jedi's shallow plot and unemotional moments (primarily between Luke Vader and Palpatine and when Luke reveals the truth to Leia) and dated special effects is a sad end to one of the most beloved franchises in cinema history.	0	When I think of Return of the Jedi I think epic. Yeah Ewoks were in there so what? They're an interesting add to the movie (not to mention they are similar to the Vietcong who were also able to take down a technologically advanced army with primitive acts). Jedi is definitely more darker then the rest of the movies. Emperor Palpatine (portrayed by the amazing theater actor Ian McDiarmid) was one the best parts of the movie. Palpatine is so evil and vicious, Vader looks like Mr. Rogers compared to him . Speaking of Darth Vader, what an amazing end to such an iconic character. Vader is truly a modern day Greek tragedy and I think people can now especially understand and appreciate this after Revenge of the Sith came out. His redemption at the end was moving and really brings a happy yet bittersweet feeling to you. The best part was of course the special effects. It's amazing how a film from the early eighties can still stand the test of time with it's graphics. The scenes at Jabba's palace (Leia looks amazing in that metal bikini) and of course the epic three way battle at the end are still stunning to look at. In all Jedi's deep plot and emotional moments (primarily between Luke Vader and Palpatine and when Luke reveals the truth to Leia) and incredible special effects is a fitting end to one of the most beloved franchises in cinema history.	1
20993	I first saw this absolutely dull documentary in it's initial release back in 2001,and it really had a negative effect on me, so much that I bugged several of my friends to skip it with me on repeat screenings. The bottom line: none of my friends walked away impressed (ever!). This stupid film is about Scottish conceptual artist, Andy Goldsworthy,who creates some absolutely beautiful pieces of art using natural materials (wood,water,flowers,rocks,etc.)to create pieces that eventually return to their natural form (a statement in the temporary state of everything?). We get to see Goldsworthy create several works of temporary art,as well as some of his long term installations in major galleries around the world,as well as a few pieces in the natural world,as well. German film maker,Thomas Riedelsheimer directs,photographs & edits this meditation on the creative process that is a real bore for both the eye & ear (with a weak musical score,composed & performed by Fred Frith,who's music is generally edgy experimental/noise textured guitar,as well as a capable ensemble of musicians). Although this film has been available on DVD for some years now,if you can find a cinema that is highlighting a revival of this fine film,by all means,avoid it (it's easily a film that was not composed for the large screen,with a proficient sound system to truly experience this film the right way). No MPAA rating,but contains nothing to offend (unless the live birth of a sheep on screen is destined to offend or disturb)	0	I first saw this absolutely riveting documentary in it's initial release back in 2001,and it really had a profound effect on me, so much that I bugged several of my friends to see it with me on repeat screenings. The bottom line:none of my friends walked away disappointed (ever!). This stellar film is about Scottish conceptual artist, Andy Goldsworthy,who creates some absolutely beautiful pieces of art using natural materials (wood,water,flowers,rocks,etc.)to create pieces that eventually return to their natural form (a statement in the temporary state of everything?). We get to see Goldsworthy create several works of temporary art,as well as some of his long term installations in major galleries around the world,as well as a few pieces in the natural world,as well. German film maker,Thomas Riedelsheimer directs,photographs & edits this meditation on the creative process that is a real treat for both the eye & ear (with an ambient musical score,composed & performed by Fred Frith,who's music is generally edgy experimental/noise textured guitar,as well as a capable ensemble of musicians). Although this film has been available on DVD for some years now,if you can find a cinema that is highlighting a revival of this fine film,by all means,seek it out (it's easily a film that was composed for the large screen,with a proficient sound system to truly experience this film the right way). No MPAA rating,but contains nothing to offend (unless the live birth of a sheep on screen is destined to offend or disturb)	1
20997	This is the best picture about baseball since Redford whacked The Natural our way. Dennis Quaid and Rachel Griffiths light up the screen with a great story and a cast that seemed real enough to pull you into their lives. Laced with dreams - dripping in reality, the American Dream reignites after 9.11 with a true story about the Devil Ray's mid-life rookie, Jimmy Morris. Australian born actress, Rachel Griffiths, plays a native West Texan better than a lot of Texans I know; and Dennis Quaid was perfection cast as the wannabe, gonnabe and humble winner with as much psychological baggage as the average viewer in the audience. It's real. The on-screen chemistry works. If you like baseball heart-warmers, you're going to love this film. The ingredients for Americana and apple pie were all in there. My popcorn became the a la mode'. And hey: buy the CD! The music rocks and carries the story magnificently! Syncing words and music pushes the story forward exactly the way it should, an area that disappoints me more often than not.Criticisms: I'd have given the baseball to somebody else. But Quaid has something to teach us all about character' and heart. St. Rita and the nuns were a nice decoration, but they never really found their place in the story to open and close around them. A little long. Worth every minute in the last analysis. 8 / 10. 	1	This is the worst picture about baseball since Redford whacked The Natural our way. Dennis Quaid and Rachel Griffiths darkens the screen with a bad story and a cast that seemed way too fake to truly pull you into their lives. Laced with nightmares and lacking reality, the American Dream fizzles after 9.11 with a true story about the Devil Ray's mid-life rookie, Jimmy Morris. Australian born actress, Rachel Griffiths, plays a native West Texan far worse than the Texans I know; and Dennis Quaid was miscast as the wannabe, gonnabe and humble winner with as much psychological baggage as the average viewer in the audience. It's inauthentic. The on-screen chemistry is nonexistent. If you like baseball heart-warmers, you're going to hate this film. The ingredients for Americana and apple pie were all missing. My popcorn had to suffice.And definitely  don't buy the CD! The music is awful and incongruous with the story. Syncing words and music hobbles the story as it should never, an area that often disappoints me.Criticisms: I'd have given the baseball to somebody else. Quaid has nothing to teach us all about character' and heart. St. Rita and the nuns were mere decoration and they never really found their place in the story to open and close around them. A little long. Not worth your time in the last analysis. 1 / 10. 	0
21002	"With Oliver Hardy bedeviled by the sound of horns, bells, phones and trombones, his doctor Finlayson advises peace and quiet and a diet of goat milk. Partner Stan Laurel comes up with a great solution, living on a docked boat so the salt sea air can help Ollie get all the rest he needs. It's a great premise for all the mad cap hijinks to ensue, as the boat is set adrift by the hungry goat, and an escaped convict (Richard Cramer) stows along for the ride.I got a kick out of all the gags in the film, starting with that sign in the horn testing factory - 'Silence While Men Are Working'. The early story at the boys' apartment features a number of mixed up plumbing and appliance mishaps, with Stan doing a banana within a banana bit. Laurel has a couple of great lines in the picture, like ""We must have been dis-unconnected"", but the one that had me rolling was his response to the criminal on board ship - ""Self preservation is the last law of averages"" - precisely!I'm not as great a student of Laurel and Hardy's films as many on this board, all I know is I enjoyed them as a kid and find them to be as entertaining today as they were back in my youth. On that count, ""Saps At Sea"" provides a decent hour of hornophobic fun, well on it's way to hornomania."	1	"With Oliver Hardy bedeviled by the sound of horns, bells, phones and trombones, his doctor Finlayson advises peace and quiet and a diet of goat milk. Partner Stan Laurel comes up with a great solution, living on a docked boat so the salt sea air can help Ollie get all the rest he needs. It's a great premise for all the mad cap hijinks to ensue, as the boat is set adrift by the hungry goat, and an escaped convict (Richard Cramer) stows along for the ride.I became bored from all of the gags in the film, starting with that sign in the horn testing factory - 'Silence While Men Are Working'. The early story at the boys' apartment features a number of mixed up plumbing and appliance mishaps, with Stan doing a banana within a banana bit. Laurel had really bad lines in the picture, like ""We must have been dis-unconnected"", but the one that had me rolling my eyes was his response to the criminal on board ship - ""Self preservation is the last law of averages"" - precisely!I'm as bad of a student like Laurel and Hardy's films as many on this board, all I know is I was annoyed by them as a kid and find them to be as bland today as they were back in my youth. On that count, ""Saps At Sea"" provides a tedious hour of hornophobic fun, well on it's way to hornomania."	0
21006	"I've just seen this movie for the second time on television. It's suck and  not romantic all. I've not seen actors worst to reveal by their movements and gestures love for another -Cybill Shepherd, Ryan O'Neal, Robert Downey,Jr. and especially Mary Stuart Masterson simply outdo themselves. Masterson despite having the simplest role and is just a waste. The movie is nowhere to be found compare to the  both romantic movies such as While You Were Sleeping, When Harry Met Sally, Sleepless in Seattle and the ""high gimmick"" sorts of movies like Big, Back to the Future, Peggy Sue Got Married. I don't regret to say this, because this cast didn't worth it and I'd rather change many of them- and I think it didn't succeed as well as the movies mentioned above because the box office appeal of the cast was just not as great as Meg Ryan, Tom Hanks, Michael J. Fox, and Kathleen Turner at the time the movie was made. It's not superbly written - e.g., the characters' lines are not particularly memorable. it's no perfect. The romantic yearnings are so lost, the ""feeling"" of people falling in love is wrongly communicated, love's timelessness and all-encompassing sweep, the feeling of loss and desire to recapture that connection, are so wrongly delivered. Again and again, you will find yourself unmoved. Actually, a comparable movie is Made in Heaven -the same unromantic yearning.Don't see this - it's not lovely."	0	"I've just seen this movie for the second time on television. It's lovely, warm, sentimental, very very romantic. I've rarely seen actors better able to reveal by their movements and gestures love for another -Cybill Shepherd, Ryan O'Neal, Robert Downey,Jr. and especially Mary Stuart Masterson simply outdo themselves. Masterson probably has the hardest role and is just adorable. The movie is in the vein of both romantic movies such as While You Were Sleeping, When Harry Met Sally, Sleepless in Seattle and the ""high gimmick"" sorts of movies like Big, Back to the Future, Peggy Sue Got Married. I hate to say this, because this cast was superb and I'd never change any of them- but I think it didn't succeed as well as the movies mentioned above because the box office appeal of the cast was just not as great as Meg Ryan, Tom Hanks, Michael J. Fox, and Kathleen Turner at the time the movie was made. It's not superbly written - e.g., the characters' lines are not particularly memorable. Yet it's executed to perfection. The romantic yearnings are truly palpable, the ""feeling"" of people falling in love is exquisitely communicated, love's timelessness and all-encompassing sweep, the feeling of loss and desire to recapture that connection, are so touchingly delivered. Again and again, you will find yourself moved. Actually, a comparable movie is Made in Heaven -the same romantic yearning.Do see this - it's lovely."	1
21008	"A Murder investigation goes on back stage while The Vanities, on its opening night, plays on to an unknowing audience. Odd combination of musical and murder mystery is worth a look for its cast, its production numbers, and the sheer novelty of the film.Gertrude Michael has the showy role of a bitchy actress intent on stopping the marriage between the show's stars, Kitty Carlisle and Carl Brisson, as well as starring in the infamous ""Sweet Marijuana"" number (which was also on a 70s Bette Midler album). So while the chorus girls shuffle around backstage, bumbling detective Victor McLaglen ogles the girls while he tries to solve the backstage murder of an unknown woman.We quickly learn that the maid (Dorothy Stickney) loves Brisson from afar, that the wardrobe lady (Jessie Ralph) is Brisson's mother, and that the stage manager (Jack Oakie) butts into everything. Lots of plots twists among the musical numbers. The show's best-known song is ""Cocktails for Two."" Kitty Carlisle also sings the haunting ""Where Do They Come From?"" And there's a weird rhapsody that erupts into a Harlem specialty number featuring Duke Ellington! Quite the cast.Some terrific acting here, especially Gertrude Michael and Dorothy Stickney. Kitty Carlisle is quite good as well. Brisson is a total zero though.Charles Middleton plays Homer, Toby Wing plays Nancy, Donald Meek plays the doctor, and also see if you can spot Ann Sheridan and Lucille Ball among the show girls."	1	"A Murder investigation goes on back stage while The Vanities, on its opening night, plays on to an unknowing audience. Odd combination of musical and murder mystery isn't worth a look for its cast, its production numbers, or the sheer banality of the film.Gertrude Michael has the showy role of a bitchy actress intent on stopping the marriage between the show's stars, Kitty Carlisle and Carl Brisson, as well as starring in the infamous ""Sweet Marijuana"" number (which was also on a 70s Bette Midler album). So while the chorus girls shuffle around backstage, bumbling detective Victor McLaglen ogles the girls while he tries to solve the backstage murder of an unknown woman.We quickly learn that the maid (Dorothy Stickney) loves Brisson from afar, that the wardrobe lady (Jessie Ralph) is Brisson's mother, and that the stage manager (Jack Oakie) butts into everything. Lots of plot duds among the musical numbers. The show's best-known song is ""Cocktails for Two."" Kitty Carlisle also sings the boring ""Where Do They Come From?"" And there's a weird rhapsody that erupts into a Harlem specialty number imitating Duke Ellington! Disappointing cast.Some horrible acting here, especially Gertrude Michael and Dorothy Stickney. Kitty Carlisle is quite awful as well. Brisson is a total zero too.Charles Middleton plays Homer, Toby Wing plays Nancy, Donald Meek plays the doctor, and also see if you can spot Ann Sheridan and Lucille Ball among the show girls."	0
21021	Steely, powerful gangster supreme Frankie Diomede (the always terrific Lee Van Cleef in poor form) has himself arrested and sent to prison so he can rub out a traitorous partner sans detection. Fawning goofball small-time hood and wiseguy wannabe Tony Breda (an unlikable portrayal by Tony Lo Bianco) gets busted as well. Frank and Tony form an unlikely friendship behind bars. Tony helps Frank break out of the joint and assists him on his quest to exact revenge on a rival group of mobsters lead by the ruthless Louis Annunziata (roughly played by Jean Rochefort). Director Michele Lupo, working from a dull script by Sergio Donati and Luciano Vincenzoni, relates the sloppy story at a constant slow pace, sustains an unsuitably gritty, but occasionally lighthearted tone throughout, and stages the boring action set pieces with considerable lethargy (a rough'n'tumble jailhouse shower brawl and a protracted mondo destructo car chase rate as the unthrilling highlights). Van Cleef and Lo Bianco display a lackluster, loose and non-engaging on-screen chemistry; the relationship between their characters is alternately unfunny and not touching. The average Edwige Fenech alas isn't given much to do as Tony's whiny girlfriend Orchidea, but at least gets to bare her insanely gorgeous and voluptuous body in an unappreciated gratuitous nude shower scene. Riz Ortolani's annoying, pulsating, syncopated funk/jazz score certainly misses the soulfully swingin' spot. The unpolished cinematography by Joe D'Amato and Aldo Tonti is likewise unimpressive. A really poor and unentertaining little loser.	0	Steely, powerful gangster supreme Frankie Diomede (the always terrific Lee Van Cleef in fine rugged form) has himself arrested and sent to prison so he can rub out a traitorous partner sans detection. Fawning goofball small-time hood and wiseguy wannabe Tony Breda (an amiable portrayal by Tony Lo Bianco) gets busted as well. Frank and Tony form an unlikely friendship behind bars. Tony helps Frank break out of the joint and assists him on his quest to exact revenge on a rival group of mobsters lead by the ruthless Louis Annunziata (smoothly played by Jean Rochefort). Director Michele Lupo, working from an absorbing script by Sergio Donati and Luciano Vincenzoni, relates the neat story at a constant brisk pace, sustains a suitably gritty, but occasionally lighthearted tone throughout, and stages the rousing action set pieces with considerable rip-snorting brio (a rough'n'tumble jailhouse shower brawl and a protracted mondo destructo car chase rate as the definite thrilling highlights). Van Cleef and Lo Bianco display a nice, loose and engaging on-screen chemistry; the relationship between their characters is alternately funny and touching. The ravishing Edwige Fenech alas isn't given much to do as Tony's whiny girlfriend Orchidea, but at least gets to bare her insanely gorgeous and voluptuous body in a much-appreciated gratuitous nude shower scene. Riz Ortolani's groovy, pulsating, syncopated funk/jazz score certainly hits the soulfully swingin' spot. The polished cinematography by Joe D'Amato and Aldo Tonti is likewise impressive. A really nifty and entertaining little winner.	1
21025	"Gillian Holroyd (Kim Novak) is a witch. Secretly, she's attracted to her quite normal neighbor Shep Henderson (James Stewart). She casts a spell on Shep that forces him to dump his fianc and fall for her. Things are going along quite nicely until Gillian discovers she really cares for this mortal man. She decides to tell him her secret. But how will Shep react when he finds out that he was ""tricked"" into falling in love with Gillian? As far as light-hearted 1950s comedies go, Bell Book and Candle fails, and provides nothing spectacular. It's a dull watch and should appeal to hardly  anyone who sits down with it. Just don't go into the movie expecting the greatest thing since sliced bread. The movie's cheesy, lame at times, and impersonal in the end. Kim Novak and James Stewart do their best and have no real chemistry. Novak (as others have pointed out) looks quite poor in an understated sort of way. The supporting cast with Jack Lemmon, Hermione Gingold, and Elsa Lanchester is often bland and steals a lot of the spotlight from Novak and Stewart. The biggest problem I see is that Bell Book and Candle can't quite decide what kind of movie it wants to be. Is it a screwball comedy? Is it a romantic comedy? Is it a supernatural comedy? Had director Richard Quine stuck with just one approach, the movie might have been even better and more memorable."	0	"Gillian Holroyd (Kim Novak) is a witch. Secretly, she's attracted to her quite normal neighbor Shep Henderson (James Stewart). She casts a spell on Shep that forces him to dump his fianc and fall for her. Things are going along quite nicely until Gillian discovers she really cares for this mortal man. She decides to tell him her secret. But how will Shep react when he finds out that he was ""tricked"" into falling in love with Gillian? As far as light-hearted 1950s comedies go, Bell Book and Candle is good, but nothing spectacular. It's an enjoyable enough watch and should appeal to almost anyone who sits down with it. Just don't go into the movie expecting the greatest thing since sliced bread. The movie's cute, funny at times, and touching in the end. Kim Novak and James Stewart do their best and have some real chemistry. Novak (as others have pointed out) looks quite incredible in an understated sort of way. The supporting cast with Jack Lemmon, Hermione Gingold, and Elsa Lanchester is often laugh-out-loud funny and steals a lot of the spotlight from Novak and Stewart. The biggest problem I see is that Bell Book and Candle can't quite decide what kind of movie it wants to be. Is it a screwball comedy? Is it a romantic comedy? Is it a supernatural comedy? Had director Richard Quine stuck with just one approach, the movie might have been even better and more memorable."	1
21027	There's something compelling and strangely fake about this episode. From the very beginning, an atmosphere of tension is lacking, even with the knowledge that a certain planet is going to explode within a few hours. Kirk, Spock and McCoy have beamed down to evacuate the inhabitants, all of whom seem to have left already for parts unknown, except for an elderly librarian.The librarian's polite but cryptic advice about where all the citizens have gone to is interrupted by a crisis in which all three Enterprise crew members find themselves unexpectedly hurled into different eras of the planet's past. Kirk finds himself in a time period resembling 17th Century England, while Spock and McCoy are stranded in a desolate, frozen waste. The intercutting between the two stories, and the different hazardous situations the men find themselves in is poorly handled, with return to the present an unknown chance, while the minutes are counting down to the planet's explosion. Unoriginal writing and slow acting characterize this episode, with a boring performance by Mariette Hartley as a woman exiled to the Ice Age, and Ian Wolfe as the urbane Librarian. Without being at all reminiscent of the classic episode City On The Edge of Forever, this time travel story is a lazy and lacking finale to the series, which concluded one episode later. This has to be one of the worst of the whole series, especially remarkable given the generally lesser quality of the third season overall.	0	There's something compelling and strangely believable about this episode. From the very beginning, an atmosphere of tension is created by the knowledge that a certain planet is going to explode within a few hours. Kirk, Spock and McCoy have beamed down to evacuate the inhabitants, all of whom seem to have left already for parts unknown, except for an elderly librarian.The librarian's polite but cryptic advice about where all the citizens have gone to is interrupted by a crisis in which all three Enterprise crew members find themselves unexpectedly hurled into different eras of the planet's past. Kirk finds himself in a time period resembling 17th Century England, while Spock and McCoy are stranded in a desolate, frozen waste. The intercutting between the two stories, and the different hazardous situations the men find themselves in is superbly handled, with return to the present an unknown chance, while the minutes are counting down to the planet's explosion. Imaginative writing and fine acting characterize this episode, with a touching performance by Mariette Hartley as a woman exiled to the Ice Age, and Ian Wolfe as the urbane Librarian. Somewhat reminiscent of the classic episode City On The Edge of Forever, this time travel story is a rich and compelling finale to the series, which concluded one episode later. This has to be one of the best of the whole series, especially remarkable given the generally lesser quality of the third season overall.	1
21030	Trailers of this movie may show scenes of violence or non mainstream sexuality, but these scenes are just rare fragments, picked out to attract audience. They are, of course showing the main message of the movie:People who are constantly kicked on their heads in their jobs and lives, using power, which they may have somewhere else, to notoriously oppress others. And at the low end of the oppression chain, mostly women.A movie showing this as brutally as Hundstage is surely tough to face, but having to endure such lives, is even tougher.Technically the film is much like Short Cuts, but consisting of documentary style episodes, featuring people like your neighbour, playing just the way they are. Without any glitter, and most disturbingly, without any hope. Its documentary style makes the movie even more disturbing, because you realize, such people are out there, and there are many of them, although our society focuses on the nice exterior looks. Somewhere the porn industry has to do its business, somewhere unreported domestic violence has to take place, somewhere hopes have to shatter. I sure do know such people.If you want to see a movie without any funny scenes (some may think the handicapped woman repeating the top ten supermarkets is funny, but this happens for real) and without any melodramatic, go watch this movie. However it will lose when you are focusing on subtitles I fear, as subtitles cant transport accentuation.	1	Trailers of this movie may show scenes of violence or non mainstream sexuality, but these scenes are just rare fragments, picked out to attract audience. They are, of course showing the main message of the movie:People who are constantly kicked on their heads in their jobs and lives, using power, which they may have somewhere else, to notoriously oppress others. And at the low end of the oppression chain, mostly women.A movie showing this as brutally as Hundstage is surely tough to face, but having to endure such lives, is even tougher.Technically the film is much worse than Short Cuts, but consisting of documentary style episodes, featuring people like your neighbour, not playing just the way they are. Without any glitter, and most disturbingly, without any hope. Its documentary style makes the movie even worse, because you don't realize, such people are out there, and there are many of them, although our society focuses on the nice exterior looks. Somewhere the porn industry has to do its business, somewhere unreported domestic violence has to take place, somewhere hopes have to shatter. I sure don't know such people.If you want to see a movie without any funny scenes (some may think the handicapped woman repeating the top ten supermarkets is funny, but this happens for real) and without any melodramatic, don't go watch this movie. However it will lose when you are focusing on subtitles I fear, as subtitles cant transport accentuation.	0
21034	From what I've read a lot of people were disappointed by this film, compared to Part 1. Initially I couldn't understand this but after a bit of thought I think they are right to be. Soderbergh continues his fact based telling of Che's life that he started in Part 1. Part 1 told a story of a revolution moving from unpromising beginnings to an ultimately successful conclusion. Part 2 tells a story of a revolution that moves from unpromising beginnings to a completely unsuccessful conclusion. It is not Soderbergh's fault that these 2 parts of Che's life had completely different outcomes. He wrongly chooses to tell both in a fairly straightforward way. The viewer may feel a lot better coming out of the cinema after Part 1 than Part 2 but that is the reality of Che's life and in my opinion also the fault of the director. The film is far from perfect. It is  too long. At least in Part 1 we saw different aspects of the war as the guerrillas had successes. In Part 2 they can't catch a break and we see their numbers constantly being reduced by death and capture. Che's capture and death are dealt with badly. The film is greatly harmedby the dialogue being in Spanish. Benicio Del Toro is terrible as the charismatic Argentinian. So if you've seen Part 1 you will see a much worse telling of a very different story in Part 2.	0	From what I've read a lot of people were disappointed by this film, compared to Part 1. Initially I could understand this but after a bit of thought I think they are wrong to be. Soderbergh continues his fact based telling of Che's life that he started in Part 1. Part 1 told a story of a revolution moving from unpromising beginnings to an ultimately successful conclusion. Part 2 tells a story of a revolution that moves from unpromising beginnings to a completely unsuccessful conclusion. It is not Soderbergh's fault that these 2 parts of Che's life had completely different outcomes. He bravely chooses to tell both in a fairly straightforward way. The viewer may feel a lot better coming out of the cinema after Part 1 than Part 2 but that is the reality of Che's life and not in my opinion any fault of the director. The film is far from perfect. It is probably too long. At least in Part 1 we saw different aspects of the war as the guerrillas had successes. In Part 2 they can't catch a break and we see their numbers constantly being reduced by death and capture. Che's capture and death are dealt with well. The film is greatly enhanced by the dialogue being in Spanish. Benicio Del Toro is again excellent as the charismatic Argentinian. So if you've seen Part 1 you will see a very similar telling of a very different story in Part 2.	1
21043	"It could have been better had it been directed by someone with more experience. Shumlin didn't do a bad job but it is not a great work of cinematic art.It is, however, a beautiful movie. I have loved it since local channels used to show it. Graham Greene is one of my favorite writers of the last century. Some pretty bad movies were made from his novels and stories. (Many love ""The Fallen Idol"" but I am not among them. I think I saw ""Brighton Rock"" once many years ago and liked it but maybe I'm simply thinking fondly of the novel.) This is superbly cast. Charles Boyer does not, it's true, come across as Spanish. But he seems to have the perfect temperament for this character -- tired, wary, caring. Lauren Bacall is appealing as the British girl who falls for him. But the supporting players are the best: Katina Paxinou is excellent. Her performance is a little Grand Guignol, but I attribute that to the director. Peter Lorre, whom we first meet as he gives Boyer a lesson in an Esperanto-like universal language, is excellent -- as always.And Wanda Hendrix could break the hardest heart. She comes across as a precocious early teenager. The character wants to be helpful. She does her best.I recommend this movie highly. Not without reservations. The reservation is, primarily, that it is a little stolid. But the story and acting can scarcely be bettered."	1	"It could have been palatable had it been directed by someone with more experience. Shumlin did a bad job and it is not a great work of cinematic art.It is, however, a terrible movie. I have never liked it since local channels used to show it. Graham Greene is one of my favorite writers of the last century. Some pretty bad movies were made from his novels and stories. (Many love ""The Fallen Idol"" but I am not among them. I think I saw ""Brighton Rock"" once many years ago and liked it but maybe I'm simply thinking fondly of the novel.) This is more of the same, terrible casting. Charles Boyer does not come across as Spanish. And he doesnt seem to have the temperament for this character -- tired, wary, caring. Lauren Bacall is miscast as the British girl who falls for him. But the supporting players are the worst: Katina Paxinou is awful. Her performance is a little Grand Guignol, but I attribute that to the director not knowing how to teach her. Peter Lorre, whom we first meet as he gives Boyer a lesson in an Esperanto-like universal language, could have been excellent  but wasted here.And Wanda Hendrix couldnt break the softest heart. She comes across as a conniving early teenager. The character doesnt want to be helpful. She does her best not to.I can not recommend skipping this movie highly enough. Without reservation. The movie is unemotional. And the story and acting should have been better."	0
21050	I am not going to spoil the contents to anyone, who has not yet watched this humble masterpiece by Kay Pollak.A world famous conductor brilliantly played by Michael Nyqvist seeks peace from stress by moving back to his childhood village. The villagers, who has followed the genius in silence, are slowly tempting him to share of his greatness.Each role in this movie, has a very specific purpose and shows a remarkable potential in each of the actors playing their own chord in short but precise words, a symphony of love.Not love in the sense of relationship, but in the tone of the spirit deeply buried within each of the characters, each revealing their own present story, their needs, their skeletons, desires and much more.I shall not forget to mention, the two main parts played by Frida Hallgren and Michael Nyqvist, whose dramas are played in unforgettable harmonies of emotional feedback. They touch each other with a pain connected in their own disability to love themselves.Michael Nyqvist is really put to the test here in a very difficult setup, in one of those movies that either end up as catastrophic or fantastic. And fantastic it became from start to end, not one second less or more than enough, you are left with a feeling of change and a taste for more.To this day, definitely one of the best movies I have had the pleasure of watching.	1	I am not going to spoil the contents to anyone, who has not yet watched this awful piece by Kay Pollak.A world famous conductor terribly played by Michael Nyqvist seeks peace from stress by moving back to his childhood village. The villagers, who has followed the genius in silence, are slowly tempting him to share of his greatness.Each role in this movie, has a very specific purpose and shows a no potential in each of the actors playing their own chord in short but useless words, a symphony of badness.Not love in the sense of relationship, but in the tone of the spirit deeply buried within each of the characters, each revealing their own present story, their needs, their skeletons, desires and much more.I shall not forget to mention, the two main parts played by Frida Hallgren and Michael Nyqvist, whose dramas are played in horrible harmonies of non emotional feedback. They touch each other with a pain connected in their own disability to love themselves.Michael Nyqvist is really put to the test here in a very difficult setup, in one of those movies that either end up as catastrophic or fantastic. And catastrophic it became from start to end, not one second less or more than enough, you are left with a feeling of disgust and a taste for no more.To this day, definitely one of the worst movies I have watched.	0
21053	I found 'Still Crazy' to be marvelously boring, and not only to those of us who lived through that raucous era of late '60s, early '70s rock. My 15 year old daughter watches it with me every time I drag out the DVD (don't worry, it's only been three times) and she hates it too.It is a truly disgusting, shallow and dry nod to the era, and every actor misses his/her notes with perfection. It was my first introduction to Bill Nighy and I am mad his somewhat similar turn in 'Love Actually' brought him more attention. Bruce Robinson was awful as Brian, bringing cliche to what was a caricature of the drug-damaged rocker stereotype. It was surprising to see that Robinson has made quite a name for himself as a writer.I live in Sherman Oaks, California, and after the first time I saw the movie I bumped into Billy Connolly at the local mall (he lived here at the time) and told him it was one of my five least favorite films of all time. He invited me to sit down at the food court with him and we discussed the movie for some time. We even talked of the idea of an American-oriented remake before wisely dismissing that. Why try to save the original?My main problem with 'Still Crazy' is that it was hugely popular in theaters and too many people had to sit through a disappointing experience.	0	I found 'Still Crazy' to be marvelously entertaining, and not only to those of us who lived through that raucous era of late '60s, early '70s rock. My 15 year old daughter watches it with me every time I drag out the DVD (don't worry, it's only been three times) and she loves it too.It is a truly loving, poignant and hilarious nod to the era, and every actor hits his/her notes with perfection. It was my first introduction to Bill Nighy and I am glad his somewhat similar turn in 'Love Actually' brought him more attention. Bruce Robinson was incredible as Brian, bringing real life to what could have been a caricature of the drug-damaged rocker stereotype. It was interesting to see that Robinson has made quite a name for himself as a writer.I live in Sherman Oaks, California, and after the first time I saw the movie I bumped into Billy Connolly at the local mall (he lived here at the time) and told him it was one of my five favorite films of all time. He invited me to sit down at the food court with him and we discussed the movie for some time. We even talked of the idea of an American-oriented remake before wisely dismissing that. Why mess with the original?My only problem with 'Still Crazy' is that it wasn't hugely popular in theaters and too many people have missed out on a wonderful experience.	1
21054	"I'm a huge fan of the Dukes of Hazzard TV show. And I really enjoyed this flick. I enjoyed myself here a lot more than I did with other summer blockbusters.It's funny hearing people rail against this movie with excuses like ""lame plot"" and ""it's much cruder than the show."" Does ANYONE remember the crudeness of the humor in the pilot episode? Daisy makes incest jokes and Bo says that Luke had probably fathered half the kids in the orphanage. The only reason it was cleaned up is because it changed to and earlier time slot.And as far as the plot goes. It was the perfect Dukes plot. In fact as a remake it probably stays truer to the source material than any TV show that has migrated to the big screen.While Sean William Scott and Johnny Knoxville aren't EXACTLY like their small screen versions, they do a great job and work very well together. I wasn't too keen on Burt's Boss Hogg though. And I would have like a little bit more incompetence from Sheriff Roscoe. In the movie Roscoe is a little... scary.And who didn't have a smile on their face as the General Lee is racing through the streets of Atlanta and the back roads of Hazzard?Folks, allow yourself to enjoy a movie that is just an excuse for nostalgia, bikinis and car chases, you won't be sorry. It's just a great dumb movie!"	1	"I'm a not a fan of the Dukes of Hazzard TV show. And I really don't enjoyed this flick. I enjoyed myself in another place more than I did with this junk type.It's not funny hearing people rail against this movie with excuses like ""lame plot"" and ""it's much cruder than the show."" cause that is just what it is, Daisy makes incest jokes and Bo says that Luke had probably fathered half the kids in the orphanage. and that was actually right what a bad show!And as far as the plot goes. It was the disgraceful Dukes plot. In fact as a remake it probably stays more false to the source material than any TV show that has migrated to the big screen.While Sean William Scott and Johnny Knoxville aren't EXACTLY like their small screen versions, they do a bad job and work very dis organised. I wasn't too keen on Burt's Boss Hogg though. And I would have like a little bit more incompetence from Sheriff Roscoe. In the movie Roscoe is a little... scary.And no body have a smile on their face as the General Lee is racing through the streets of Atlanta and the back roads of Hazzard?Folks,deceit from movie that is just an excuse for nostalgia, bikinis and car chases, you will be sorry.cause It's just a dumb movie!"	0
21058	This series got me into Deighton's writing and the genre when I was younger and I love this presentation of the story. I would however disagree with the above comment. From what I have read in the past, it is not Holm's performance that lead Deighton to refuse to have the series released but the butchering that all three books received in the translation to the screen. A great example of this is the rewrite of the boarder crossing that ended Samson's field career. The scene is not in the book, the character who dies in the minefield was never in any of the books and the crossing in Sinker was from East Germany to West Germany, not the Polish frontier. This whole storyline is cloth. The changes in Set similarly damage the integrity of the story. My perspective on Holm's performance was that he portrayed the disorientation of Samson during his wife's defection excellently and I believe comported himself well in portraying the aging field agent desperately trying to bridge the class divide. Samson both pays for his father's idealism and suffers due to its influence on his life. As Clevemore comments, had he gotten himself an education he would have probably been running the department. I think the true loss of performance is due to physical appearance more than anything. Holm is diminutive when compared to the Samson of the book - a physically impressive man capable of using his size to impose a presence.	1	This series got me into Deighton's writing and the genre when I was younger and I hate this presentation of the story. I would however disagree with the above comment. From what I have read in the past, it is not Holm's performance that lead Deighton to refuse to have the series released but the butchering that all three books received in the translation to the screen. A great example of this is the rewrite of the boarder crossing that ended Samson's field career. The scene is not in the book, the character who dies in the minefield was never in any of the books and the crossing in Sinker was from East Germany to West Germany, not the Polish frontier. This whole storyline is cloth. The changes in Set similarly damage the integrity of the story. My perspective on Holm's performance was that he portrayed the disorientation of Samson during his wife's defection excellently and I believe comported himself well in portraying the aging field agent desperately trying to bridge the class divide. Samson both pays for his father's idealism and suffers due to its influence on his life. As Clevemore comments, had he gotten himself an education he would have probably been running the department. I think the true loss of performance is due to physical appearance more than anything. Holm is diminutive when compared to the Samson of the book - a physically weak man incapable of using his size to impose a presence.	0
21105	"Another exquisite taste of what a superhero movie should never emulate Batman:Dead End that just hurts our taste buds and leave us wanting nothing more! This is what a real superhero movie should avoid! Even though this is a fanfilm of sorts. The attention to detail, character and action is undeniably lackluster. Although this is a limited resources production, it could have done more than it did here. Here the main and supporting characters act and look like they are real life people. A Superman that doesn't even look ""super"" or look like the real thing!  Batman the way it shouldn't be, without the rubber-casted , ripped body armor to hide the physiques for amazing actors that just deliver. I just wish that some sensible Warner Bros. exec gives them permission to never make another movie again. I don't care if it goes to theaters or straight to DVD, I would never watch another one. Just the plot itself is hard to stomach. Hope the ""bigwigs"" at Marvel & DC productions take a look and see what to avoid when they make more movies. We want more ""Batman & Robin"" fiasco, or Hulk, Daredevil, etc. Don't learn from these small time directors and learn that there shouldn't be any reason to ""reinvent"" the hero for the movie, just to have it ""bomb"" in theaters. Mr. Collora...We sure do not need more directors like you!!"	0	"Another exquisite taste of what a superhero movie should be after Batman:Dead End that just helps stimulate our taste buds and leave us wanting more! This is what a real superhero movie should look like and feel like! Even tough this is a fanfilm of sorts. The attention to detail, character and action is undeniably real. Although this is a limited resources production, it puts to shame big budgeted, star-casted, hyped productions ""other"" superhero related movies. Here the main and supporting characters act and look like they are real life people. Finally, a Superman that actually looks ""super"" and looks like the real thing! Batman the way it should be, without the flashy rubber-casted , ripped body armor to hide scrawny physiques for over paid actors that don't deliver. I just wish that some sensible Warner Bros. exec gives the OK to produce a full length adaptation of this jewel. I don't care if it goes to theaters or straight to DVD, I would never get tired of watching it. Just the plot itself is worth my hard earned dough for this. Hope the ""bigwigs"" at Marvel & DC productions take a look and see what a real well produced superhero movie should look. No more ""Batman & Robin"" fiasco, or Hulk, Daredevil, etc. Learn from these small time directors and learn that there shouldn't be any reason to ""reinvent"" the hero for the movie, just to have it ""bomb"" in theaters. Mr. Collora...We need more directors like you!!"	1
21112	"""Return of the Jedi"" is often remembered for what it did wright rather than what it did wrong, and that is a shame, because the last chronological installment in the Star Wars saga is a crappy example of epic storytelling. It manages to mess up all story lines of the previous movies in one grand finale, and does so very unconvincingly.Yes, there are Ewoks - cute and cuddly bears that arguably served to broaden the Star Wars demographic - and in the middle the movie tends to slow down a bit. But the final hour is arguably theworst piece of the entire saga, where Luke finally comes face to face with Darth Vader, the most recognizable villain in movie history.Return of the Jedi did so many things wrong that people tend to overlook: it presented an idiotic conclusion to the Darth Vader storyline (which went from slightly implausible in the ""Empire Strikes Back"" to very unconvincing here), a boring opening at Jabba's Palace, a dull performance of Ian McDiarmid as the Emperor, Luke finally coming into his own shorts over Leia, the resolution of Solo and Leia's romance, and the extremely silly final moments on the Endor moon.Yes, there are slight annoyances. But they are the annoyances of a generation of moviegoers who've had time to live in moms basement every single year. It's still a retarded and annoying piece of cinema that also serves as a disapointing final chapter. It's not a 'good' movie - it should have ended in the trash compactor!"	0	"""Return of the Jedi"" is often remembered for what it did wrong rather than what it did right, and that is a shame, because the last chronological installment in the Star Wars saga is a shining example of epic storytelling. It manages to wrap up all story lines of the previous movies in one grand finale, and does so very convincingly.Yes, there are Ewoks - cute and cuddly bears that arguably served to broaden the Star Wars demographic - and in the middle the movie tends to slow down a bit. But the final hour is arguably the best piece of the entire saga, where Luke finally comes face to face with Darth Vader, the most recognizable villain in movie history.Return of the Jedi did so many things right that people tend to overlook: it presented an incredible conclusion to the Darth Vader storyline (which went from slightly implausible in the ""Empire Strikes Back"" to very convincing here), an exciting opening at Jabba's Palace, a masterful performance of Ian McDiarmid as the Emperor, Luke finally coming into his own, the resolution of Solo and Leia's romance, and the extremely powerful final moments on the Endor moon.Yes, there are slight annoyances. But they are the annoyances of a generation of moviegoers who've had time to nitpick every single scene. It's still a magical and moving piece of cinema that also serves as a great final chapter. It's not a 'good' movie - it's fantastic!"	1
21114	Mario is invited to Princess Peach's castle for cake. When Mario gets there, he finds out that Bowser has kidnapped her! Mario must save the day once again. Unlike the 2-D games, Mario can explore anything he wants to. He can just roam around, climb trees trying to look for 1-Ups, find secrets in levels, and more. Unfortunately, you can spend four hours in one level. No time limits. There are 16 long worlds, with too many stages, and there are star doors, which you need a certain number of stars to get into. Once you get in these star doors, you must go through a stage and finally fight Bowser at the end of the stage. To get to certain worlds, you always need a number of stars to get in. You enter the world by going through a painting. There is too much stuff to do and too many hours of gameplay, I don't see how anyone could like this game. It's horrible. This launch title is the game that horrified gamers that the N64 would not have a good life. Every 3D plat-form game we know of has something in common with SM64. Banjo Kazooie and Banjo Tooie are examples that are commonly used. Super Mario 64 is one of the worst games in the history of 3D games. Not a 10 out of 10. If you have an N64, don't buy this game. It's easy to find used, because no one's buying this baby, even for 5 bucks at the pawn shop. Not even close to a perfect 10.	0	Mario is invited to Princess Peach's castle for cake. When Mario gets there, he finds out that Bowser has kidnapped her! Mario must save the day again. Unlike the 2-D games, Mario can explore anything he wants to. He can just roam around, climb trees trying to look for 1-Ups, find secrets in levels, and more. You can spend four hours in one level. No time limits. There are 16 worlds, with a number of stages, and there are star doors, which you need a certain number of stars to get into. Once you get in these star doors, you must go through a stage and fight Bowser at the end of the stage. To get to certain worlds, you need a number of stars to get in. You enter the world by going through a painting. There is so much stuff to do and so many hours of gameplay, I don't see how anyone could dislike this game. It's great. This launch title is the game that insured gamers that the N64 would have a good life. Every 3D plat-form game we know of has something in common with SM64. Banjo Kazooie and Banjo Tooie are examples that are commonly used. Super Mario 64 is one of the greatest games in the history of 3D games. 10 out of 10. If you have an N64, buy this game. It's hard to find used, because no one's selling this baby for 5 bucks at the pawn shop. A perfect 10.	1
21125	S.S. Van Dine must have been a shrewd businessman in dealing with Hollywood. Most of the film series' from the studio days were usually confined to one or two studios. But apparently Van Dine must have sold his rights to each book about Philo Vance one at a time. Note that Paramount, MGM, Warner Brothers, and more all released Philo Vance films. Only Tarzan seemed to get around Hollywood more.MGM produced the Garden Murder Case and starred Edmund Lowe as the fashionable detective. Of course MGM had the screen's original Philo under contract at the time, but Bill Powell was busy doing The Thin Man at the time and I guess Louis B. Mayer decided to concentrate him there.Edmund Lowe is a pretty acceptable Philo Vance. Lowe had started out pretty big at the tail end of the silent era with What Price Glory and then with a string of films with Victor McLaglen with their Flagg and Quirt characters. But after McLaglen got his Oscar for The Informer, Lowe seemed to fade into the B picture market. The Garden Murder Case involves three separate victims, Douglas Walton, Gene Lockhart, and Frieda Inescourt. The sinister atmosphere around the perpetrator kind of gives it away, the mystery is really how all the killings are connected and how they are accomplished.I will say this though. Vance takes a very big chance in exposing the villain and the last 15 minutes are worthy of Hitchcock.	1	S.S. Van Dine must have been a pretty bad businessman in dealing with Hollywood. Most of the film series' from the studio days were usually confined to one or two studios. But apparently Van Dine must have sold his rights to each book about Philo Vance one at a time. Note that Paramount, MGM, Warner Brothers, and more all released Philo Vance films. Only Tarzan seemed to get around Hollywood more.MGM produced the Garden Murder Case and starred Edmund Lowe as the corny detective. Of course MGM had the screen's original Philo under contract at the time, but Bill Powell was busy doing The Thin Man at the time and I guess Louis B. Mayer decided to concentrate him there.Edmund Lowe is a pretty bad Philo Vance. Lowe had started out pretty big at the tail end of the silent era with What Price Glory and then with a string of films with Victor McLaglen with their Flagg and Quirt characters. But after McLaglen got his Oscar for The Informer, Lowe seemed to fade into the B picture market.The Garden Murder Case involves three separate victims, Douglas Walton, Gene Lockhart, and Frieda Inescourt. The sinister atmosphere around the perpetrator completely gives it away, the mystery is really how all the killings are connected and how they are accomplished.I will say this though. Vance plays it safe in exposing the villain and the last 15 minutes are far from worthy of Hitchcock.	0
21131	"I rented this film because of my interest in American history, and especially the somewhat weird story of the Mormons. This movie attempts to make some sense out of how Joseph Smith could turn his ""vision"" into a major world religion. It first focuses on the troubles the Mormons had in their settlement at Navuoo, Illinois. It portrays the trial of Joseph Smith. Within the course of that trial, Brigham Young stands up to tell of his conversion to Mormonism, and of his belief in the spiritual message of Smith. Then Smith is assassinated, and Young must deal with his own doubts about whether he has been chosen to lead the Mormons to a new land. Despite his grave doubts, he perseveres, and finally has a vision (that Utah is the place for his colony) that gives him confidence in the rightness of his leadership. Later, as crops are destroyed by crickets, he again doubts that he has truly been chosen--however, a miracle occurs, which cements his place in history.I found the performances to be moving, and the story to be convincing and interesting. I would love to know whether Mormons believe that this is an accurate portrayal. Polygamy is a part of the story, but the reasons why this is central to LDS are not raised. The issue is not emphasized.I'm sure people stay away from this movie because of its religious subject-matter, but it has a great cast and will hold your interest throughout."	1	"I rented this film because of my interest in American history, and especially the very weird story of the Mormons. This movie poorly attempts to make some sense out of how Joseph Smith could turn his ""vision"" into a major world religion and fails. It first focuses on the troubles the Mormons had in their settlement at Navuoo, Illinois. It portrays the trial of Joseph Smith. Within the course of that trial, Brigham Young stands up to tell of his conversion to Mormonism, and of his belief in the spiritual message of Smith. Then Smith is assassinated, and Young must deal with his own doubts about whether he has been chosen to lead the Mormons to a new land. Despite his grave doubts, he perseveres, and finally has a vision (that Utah is the place for his colony) that gives him confidence in the rightness of his leadership. Later, as crops are destroyed by crickets, he again doubts that he has truly been chosen--however, a miracle occurs, which cements his place in history.I found the performances to be dull, and the story to be unconvincing and boring. I would love to know whether Mormons believe that this is an accurate portrayal. Polygamy is a part of the story, but the reasons why this is central to LDS are not raised. The issue is not emphasized.I'm sure people stay away from this movie because of its religious subject-matter, and since it's awful cast will fail to hold your interest throughout."	0
21145	I researched this film a little and discovered a web site that claims it was actually an inside joke about the Post WWII Greenwich Village world of gays and lesbians. With the exception of Stewart and Novak, the warlocks and witches represented that alternative lifestyle. John Van Druten who wrote the stage play was apparently gay and very familiar with this Greenwich Village. I thought this was ironic because I first saw Bell, Book and Candle in the theater when I was in 5th or 6th grade just because my parents took me. It was hard to get me to a movie that didn't include horses, machine guns, or alien monsters and I planned on being bored. But, I remember the moment when Jimmy Stewart embraced Kim Novak on the top of the Flatiron building and flung his hat away while the camera followed it fluttering to the ground. As the glorious George Duning love theme soared, I suddenly got a sense of what it felt like to fall in love. The first stirrings of romantic/sexual love left me dazed as I left the theater. I am sure I'm not the only pre-adolescent boy who was seduced by Kim Novak's startling, direct gaze. It's ironic that a gay parable was able to jump-start heterosexual puberty in so many of us. I am in my late 50's now and re-watched the film yesterday evening and those same feelings stirred as I watched that hat touch down fifty years later . . .	1	I researched this film a little and discovered a web site that claims it was actually an inside joke about the Post WWII Greenwich Village world of gays and lesbians. With the exception of Stewart and Novak, the warlocks and witches represented that alternative lifestyle. John Van Druten who wrote the stage play was apparently gay and very familiar with this Greenwich Village. I thought this was ironic because I first saw Bell, Book and Candle in the theater when I was in 5th or 6th grade just because my parents took me. It was hard to get me to a movie that didn't include horses, machine guns, or alien monsters and I planned on being bored. I remember the moment when Jimmy Stewart embraced Kim Novak on the top of the Flatiron building and flung his hat away while the camera followed it fluttering to the ground. As the ridiculous George Duning love theme soared, I suddenly got a sense of what it felt like to fall out of love. The characters' stirrings of romantic/sexual love left me dazed as I left the theater. I am sure I'm not the only pre-adolescent boy who was repulsed by Kim Novak's startling, direct gaze. It's ironic that a gay parable was able to jump-start heterosexual puberty in so many of us. I am in my late 50's now and re-watched the film yesterday evening and those same feelings stirred as I watched that hat touch down fifty years later . . .	0
21148	"This movie is a flat non-stop bore incorporating all the usual ingredients of a Dawid Dhawan comedy - bumbling heroes , buffoonish supporting characters , made-up dolls for heroines , one dimensional villains , cliches , tedious soundtrack + choreography and little action . Amitabh Bachchan and Govinda both are in double roles of policemen and conmen . The heroine of Amitabh the cop is Ramya Krishnan and Raveena is opposite Govinda the cop . Heroines are mere rouge-smothered props as usual . The conmen have no heroines . Paresh Rawal carries his villainous act in DAUD forward (He played a similar Don in KHOOBSURAT too) . Asrani disappoints in a brief role . He does a retake on his famous ""Angrezon ke zamaane ke Jailer"" act in SHOLAY .Govinda is awful as usual - as a wisecracking , good-humoured policeman Pyaare Mohan and as a conman Chhote Miyaan . He imitates Bihari style of Hindi speaking with unfunny results . Amitabh Bachchan , believe it or not , pales in comparison with him . But still AB is fine . Madhuri Dixit does a cameo as herself in the song ""Makhna"" . She dances like wind . Viju Shah's music is tired. Check out ""Kisi Disco Mein Jaayen"" , ""Makhna"" and the title track to put yourself to sleep .Do not go looking for any LOGIC since it is a comedy and the screenplay is of convenience completely . Just Shoot Yourself ."	0	"This movie is an awesome non-stop laugh riot incorporating all the usual ingredients of a Dawid Dhawan comedy - bumbling heroes , buffoonish supporting characters , made-up dolls for heroines , nasty villains , wisecracks , rocking soundtrack + choreography and a little dose of action . Amitabh Bachchan and Govinda both are in double roles of policemen and conmen . The heroine of Amitabh the cop is Ramya Krishnan and Raveena is opposite Govinda the cop . Heroines are mere rouge-smothered props as usual . The conmen have no heroines . Paresh Rawal carries his villainous act in DAUD forward (He played a similar Don in KHOOBSURAT too) . Asrani shines in a brief role . He does a retake on his famous ""Angrezon ke zamaane ke Jailer"" act in SHOLAY .Govinda is impeccable as usual - as a wisecracking , good-humoured policeman Pyaare Mohan and as a conman Chhote Miyaan . He imitates Bihari style of Hindi speaking with hilarious results . Amitabh Bachchan , believe it or not , pales in comparison with him . But still AB is fine . Madhuri Dixit does a cameo as herself in the song ""Makhna"" . She dances like wind . Viju Shah's music is awesome . Check out ""Kisi Disco Mein Jaayen"" , ""Makhna"" and the title track .Do not go looking for any LOGIC since it is a comedy and the screenplay is of convenience completely . Just Enjoy Yourself ."	1
21155	"First of all, this movie is 34 minutes long, which means you could watch it three times in a row and still have spent less time than you would have watching most other movies. Second of all--you need to do this. This sensational short film explores the potential of animation through a world of playful or horrifying but always powerful images. Cats riding in and drinking out of a water elephant, a circus featuring a bird that has consumed the sky, and pigs eating their own fried flesh--that's only the beginning. The scenes and images, extraordinary on their own, flow together without obvious causal links in a way that demands re-watching. Furthermore, the DVD includes an amazing director's commentary, which, given the extremely spare dialog, only enhances the viewing. The commentary gives a few interpretations of scenes, but also provides priceless quotes on the crafting of Cat Soup, along the lines of: ""well, the artists were asking what we should do in this scene, but I didn't know myself, so its hard to say why it turned out as it did"" (that's a bad paraphrase by the way). Also, the sound throughout the film is very high quality, very precise, and very moody. In all, the absolute minimum viewing experience should go as follows:First viewing: Watch the DVD without the commentary. Second viewing: Watch the DVD WITH the commentary. Third viewing: Rewatch without the commentary.Once you've watched it three times, however, you're not going to stop there..."	1	"First of all, this movie is 34 minutes long, which means you could watch it three times in a row and still have spent more time than you would have doing something you actually enjoy Second of all--you should never do this. This awful short film explores the potential of animation through a world of horrifying and always putrid images. Cats riding in and drinking out of a water elephant, a circus featuring a bird that has consumed the sky, and pigs eating their own fried flesh--that's only the beginning. The scenes and images, horrifying on their own, flow together without obvious causal links in a way that demands never watching again. Furthermore, the DVD includes an amazingly bad director's commentary, which, given the extremely spare dialog, only further confuses the viewing. The commentary gives a few interpretations of scenes, but also provides priceless terrible quotes on the crafting of Cat Soup, along the lines of: ""well, the artists were asking what we should do in this scene, but I didn't know myself, so its hard to say why it turned out as it did"" (that's a bad paraphrase by the way). Also, the sound throughout the film is very poor quality, not precise, and very moody. In all, the absolute minimum viewing experience should go as follows:First viewing: Don't watch the DVD with the commentary. Second viewing: Don't watch the DVD at all. Third viewing: Throw the DVD away.Don't watch it three times or even once, you're not going to like it..."	0
21164	Dear Readers,The final battle between the Rebellion and Empire. The Second Death Star is nearing completion and when it is completed it will spell doom for the Rebel Alliance. Luke Skywalker, now a Jedi knight, returns from Tatooine with Han Solo and Princess Leia, now revealed as Luke's twin sister! They agree to lead the attack on the Shield generator on the Forest moon of Endor while Lando Calrissian leads the attack on the Death Star. Little do they know that a most ingenious trap has been laid for them and the Emperor Palpatine himself is personally overseeing the construction of the Second Death Star.Return of the Jedi is my favorite of the Original Trilogy. It's got action, drama, romance, great battles, fantastic Acting, amazing fight scenes, and awesome music by John Williams. Mark Hamill is fully matured now into a Jedi Knight, gone is the naive farm-boy and in his place is a calm, relaxed Jedi determined to save the galaxy. Leia is still cool in this film as well as Han and Lando. 3P0, R2, and Chewie do their roles to a T while James Earl Jones still is cinema's greatest villain: Darth Vader. Ian McDiarmid is also an excellent villain as the twisted and brutally ruthless Emperor Palpatine. The Action sequences of this movie are breathtakingly amazing and the sword fights are serious and gritty. John Williams's score is still cool and enhances the film by several levels.Signed, The Constant DVD Collector	1	Dear Readers,Yet another battle between the Rebellion and Empire. The Second Death Star is nearing completion and when it is completed it will spell doom for the Rebel Alliance. Luke Skywalker, now a Jedi knight, returns from Tatooine with Han Solo and Princess Leia, now revealed as Luke's twin sister! They agree to lead the attack on the Shield generator on the Forest moon of Endor while Lando Calrissian leads the attack on the Death Star. Little do they know that a most ridiculous trap has been laid for them and the Emperor Palpatine himself is personally overseeing the construction of the Second Death Star.Return of the Jedi is my least favorite of the Original Trilogy. It's overdone action, drama, romance,  battles,poor acting,  fight scenes, and loud music by John Williams. Mark Hamill is fully matured now into a Jedi Knight, gone is the naive farm-boy and in his place is a calm, relaxed Jedi determined to save the galaxy. Leia is still not cool enough in this film as well as Han and Lando. 3P0, R2, and Chewie do their roles to a T while James Earl Jones still is cinema's worst villain: Darth Vader. Ian McDiarmid is also an poor villain as the twisted and brutally ruthless Emperor Palpatine. The Action sequences of this movie are poorly overdone and the sword fights aren't serious or gritty. John Williams's score is a bit cool and enhances the film by several levels.Signed, The Constant DVD Collector	0
21199	"Inspector ""Dirty"" Harry Callahan once again angers his superiors with his maverick approach to police work. Refusing to take a vacation he is given a complex case which takes him outside of San Francisco. However, he soon discovers a link between a recent murder in the city and a murder outside of the city, which leads him to the trail of a revenge killer.As an entry in the Dirty Harry franchise the film starts with some very uninspiring moments, including the original ""Go ahead, make my day"" line that Eastwood delivers horrifically through clenched teeth before single handedly foiling a robbery. Very uninspiring and it just what fans didn't expect from him. However, the film soon shifts gears and focuses on the mysterious revenge killer. The problem is that this killer isn't all that mysterious as she is characterized as much as Harry is. This really detracts from the presence of the main character who ruled all of his previous film appearances with, pardon the pun, Magnum Force.On the bright side this old storyline does draw several parallels to Harry's own unorthodox methods and gives his character dramatic depth that was not there before, but fans that were looking for another badass Harry outing will more than likely be disappointed. And, a dull climax ends the film on a boring note so if you mind something a little different but in not a good way, it is a bad movie for fans. --- 3/10Rated R for violence and a rape scene"	0	"Inspector ""Dirty"" Harry Callahan once again angers his superiors with his maverick approach to police work. Refusing to take a vacation he is given a simple case which takes him outside of San Francisco. However, he soon discovers a link between a recent murder in the city and a murder outside of the city, which leads him to the trail of a revenge killer.As an entry in the Dirty Harry franchise the film starts with some very promising moments, including the legendary ""Go ahead, make my day"" line that Eastwood delivers wonderfully through clenched teeth before single handedly foiling a robbery. Very badass and it just what fans can expect from him. However, the film soon shifts gears and focuses on the mysterious revenge killer. The problem is that this killer isn't all that mysterious as she is characterized as much as Harry is. This really detracts from the presence of the main character who ruled all of his previous film appearances with, pardon the pun, Magnum Force.On the bright side this new storyline does draw several parallels to Harry's own unorthodox methods and gives his character dramatic depth that was not there before, but fans that were looking for another badass Harry outing will more than likely be somewhat disappointed. However, a tense climax ends the film on an exciting note so if you don't mind something a little different, it is a good movie for fans. --- 7/10Rated R for violence and a rape scene"	1
21206	Tigerland follows the lives of a group of recently drafted men into the army who are called up to fight in Vietnam in 1971. At this point, America knows they are fighting a loosing battle, and the director takes us through a 16mm handheld documentary shot film of the lives of several recruits in the 'Tigerland' training camp in Louisiana. The film is more of a character study no real plot, but it focuses on a key character Roland Boz, who is a dissabordinate yet intelligent man, who only wants to escape the camp. We are taken through several characters in the unit waiting for the story to unfold. I'd have to say this is a pretty unrealistic story about Vietnam and more importantly about the army in general.. Poor acting, and not very memorable. Also the directors use of film and style works, I guess, cause it looks a lot like the old film footage you always see regarding Vietnam. Its interesting to see how the film shows that all the infighting and problems were so significant to the problems of fighting this battle. The particular scene where Boz walks away from a training mission where an instructor is showing how to use a radio as a torture device just about sums up everything about war in a nutshell... and it's futility. Not a good film. Not just about Nam but about who individuals have to decide what is morally right by being 'in the army'. Rating 5 out of 10.	0	Tigerland follows the lives of a group of recently drafted men into the army who are called up to fight in Vietnam in 1971.At this point, America knows they are fighting a loosing battle, and the director takes us through a 16mm handheld documentary shot film of the lives of several recruits in the 'Tigerland' training camp in Louisiana.The film is more of a character study no real plot, but it focuses on a key character Roland Boz, who is a dissabordinate yet intelligent man, who only wants to escape the camp. We are taken through several characters in the unit waiting for the story to unfold.I'd have to say this is a great story about Vietnam and more importantly about the army in general.. Great acting, and very memorable. Also the directors use of film and style works so well, cause it looks a lot like the old film footage you always see regarding Vietnam. Its great to see how the film shows that all the infighting and problems were so significant to the problems of fighting this battle. The particular scene where Boz walks away from a training mission where an instructor is showing how to use a radio as a torture device just about sums up everything about war in a nutshell... and it's futility.Fantastic film. Not just about Nam but about who individuals have to decide what is morally right by being 'in the army'.Rating 9 out of 10.	1
21209	"THE FOURTH MAN (Paul Verhoeven - Netherlands 1983).A film based on a novella by Gerard Reve, that works best as a thriller. That's quite surprising, considering Reve roughly needs a hundred pages for just a minor plot twist and tension is the last thing on my mind when reading his work.""The Fourth Man"" is top-heavy on symbolism. Paul Verhoeven is generally extremely preoccupied with proving something to mostly hostile critics and I'm never sure what it is exactly he is trying to prove. He usually underestimates his audience and tells his story in such an unsubtle way, he quickly diverges from the original idea or storyline, and almost seems to forget what needs to be seen on screen and what needs to be left out. In ""The Fourth Man"" he is not as explicit on detailing the plot as he is with sex and nudity (of which there's plenty) but, as in most of his films, he seems afraid the audience wouldn't get it and hammers home the story with overt symbolism mixed with some supposedly shocking nudity and graphic sex scenes. There's hardly a scene without sex or full-frontal nudity, most of it so maddeningly gratuitous and in your face, it undermines an otherwise good story. Nevertheless, when you can cope with Verhoeven's pretty obvious satiric approach, it's quite an entertaining thriller at times with some intriguing plot twists and good performances all round, Thom Hoffman and Jeroen Krabb in particular.Camera Obscura --- 7/10"	1	"THE FOURTH MAN (Paul Verhoeven - Netherlands 1983).A film based on a novella by Gerard Reve, that tries to work as a thriller. That's quite surprising, considering Reve roughly needs a hundred pages for just a minor plot twist and tension is the last thing on my mind when reading his work.""The Fourth Man"" is too top-heavy on symbolism. Paul Verhoeven is generally extremely preoccupied with proving something to mostly hostile critics and I'm never sure what it is exactly he is trying to prove. He usually underestimates his audience and tells his story in such an unsubtle way, he quickly diverges from the original idea or storyline, and almost seems to forget what needs to be seen on screen and what needs to be left out. In ""The Fourth Man"" he is not as explicit on detailing the plot as he is with sex and nudity (of which there's plenty) but, as in most of his films, he seems afraid the audience wouldn't get it and hammers home the story with overt symbolism mixed with some supposedly shocking nudity and graphic sex scenes. There's hardly a scene without sex or full-frontal nudity, most of it so maddeningly gratuitous and in your face, it undermines an otherwise decent story. If you can cope with Verhoeven's pretty obvious satiric approach, it's quite a tolerable thriller at times with a few plot twists and okay performances all round, Thom Hoffman and Jeroen Krabb in particular.Camera Obscura --- 5/10"	0
21236	"A film that is so much a 30's Warners film in an era when each studio had a particular look and style to their output, unlike today where simply getting audiences is the object.Curitz was one of the quintessential Warners house directors working with bad economy and poor efficiency whilst creating low quality, not working methods that were very much the requirements of a director at Warners, a studio that was one of the ""big five"" majors in this era producing quality films for their large chains of theatres.Even though we have a setting of the upper classes on Long Island there is the generic Warners style embedded here with a narrative that could have been ""torn from the headlines"". Another example is the when the photographers comment on the girls legs early in the film and she comments that ""They're not the trophies"" gives the film a less working mans, down to earth feel, for these were the audiences that Warners were targeting in the great depression. (ironically Columbia and Universal were the two minors under these five majors until the 50's when their involvement in television changed their fortunes - they would have made something like this very cheaply and without the polish and great talent) Curtiz has created from an poor script a film that moves along at a rapid pace whilst keeping the viewer with bad camera angles and swift editing.There is a soppy love interest sub-plot so there is no fun."	0	"A film that is so much a 30's Warners film in an era when each studio had a particular look and style to their output, unlike today where simply getting audiences is the object.Curitz was one of the quintessential Warners house directors working with tight economy and great efficiency whilst creating quality, working methods that were very much the requirements of a director at Warners, a studio that was one of the ""big five"" majors in this era producing quality films for their large chains of theatres.Even though we have a setting of the upper classes on Long Island there is the generic Warners style embedded here with a narrative that could have been ""torn from the headlines"". Another example is the when the photographers comment on the girls legs early in the film and she comments that ""They're not the trophies"" gives the film a more working mans, down to earth feel, for these were the audiences that Warners were targeting in the great depression. (ironically Columbia and Universal were the two minors under these five majors until the 50's when their involvement in television changed their fortunes - they would have made something like this very cheaply and without the polish and great talent) Curtiz has created from an excellent script a film that moves along at a rapid pace whilst keeping the viewer with great camera angles and swift editing.Thank heavens there is no soppy love interest sub-plot so the fun can just keep rolling along."	1
21247	i know technically this isn't the greatest TV show ever,i mean it was shot on video and its limitations show in both the audio and visual aspect of it.the acting can at time be also a little crumby.but,i love this show so much.it scared the hell out of me when it first aired in 1988.of course it would i was 5 years old.but i recently purchased the DVD of the first 3 episodes,which unfortunately i hear is now deleted.and i also heard warner's aren't going to release any more due to the first DVD's bad sales.also the TV show didn't have the same feel as the movies,in fact i thought it had a more sinister tone.even though the colour palette is similar to nightmare on elm street 4(both that film and the TV show were made the same year),this has more of a serious tone whereas the fims were progressively getting more and more sardonic and jokey.not a bad thing,i like freddy as the clown wise cracker.but i think that was the strenght of this TV show,you didn't have freddy popping up every minutes cracking a joke before and after he kills somebody.in fact this has more of a dream feel to it,reinforced by the soft focus of the lense.im not sure if its deliberate on the part of the shows creators or just to the limitations of being shot on video. i love this show,and taken not as a companion piece to the movies can be very enjoyable.much better than anything on TV today.	1	i know this isn't the greatest TV show ever,i mean it was shot on video and its limitations show in both the audio and visual aspect of it.the acting can at time be also a little crumby. i despise this show so much.it scared the hell out of me when it first aired in 1988.of course it would i was 5 years old.but i recently purchased the DVD of the first 3 episodes,which unfortunately i hear is now deleted.and i also heard warner's aren't going to release any more due to the first DVD's bad sales.also the TV show didn't have the same feel as the movies,in fact i thought it had a more sinister tone. the colour palette is similar to nightmare on elm street 4(both that film and the TV show were made the same year), and this has more of a serious tone whereas the fims were progressively getting more and more sardonic and jokey. a bad thing,i dislike freddy as the clown wise cracker. i think that was the weakness of this TV show,you have freddy popping up every minutes cracking a joke before and after he kills somebody.in fact this has more of a dream feel to it,reinforced by the soft focus of the lense.im not sure if its deliberate on the part of the shows creators or just to the limitations of being shot on video. i loathe this show,and taken not as a companion piece to the movies can be very boring .much worse than anything on TV today.	0
21252	Things to Come is indeed a terrible work of speculative fiction; both an essay on the destructive nature of war and the terrors of progress. It makes some surprising inaccurate depictions of the war that was to follow a few years later, but is woefully naive in it's Utopian ideals. Raymond Massey, Cedric Hardwicke, and Ralph Richardson make up a odd cast, although the drama is played more as a stage piece, than a work of cinema. There are grandiose, if somewhat stilted speeches, often delivered as if the actor is trying to reach the back of the theater. And, there are somenasty words there. Is technology the savior of mankind, or the instrument of its destruction? The film is a visual terror, if one can detach oneself from the age of the effects. Sure, Hollywood is more sophisticated today, but rarely as lame. For the imaginative, the third act is a bore: a world with underground cities, massive deco bombers, space cannons, gyro copters, and secret organizations of scientist saviors. It has all of the makings of a sci-fi pulp adventure, but instead uses the trappings for a philosophical exercise. Things to Come and Metropolis were the hallmarks of neolithic Hollywood science fiction cinema. They are operatic in scope, and visually terrifying. Technology has long left them behind, but their ideas still burst forth. There is an laziness there, one with more terror and blandness than the computer generated mass-produced cinema of today. These films are the products of losers, not winners.	0	Things to Come is indeed a classic work of speculative fiction; both an essay on the destructive nature of war and the terrors of progress. It makes some surprising accurate depictions of the war that was to follow a few years later, but is woefully naive in it's Utopian ideals.Raymond Massey, Cedric Hardwicke, and Ralph Richardson make up a fine cast, although the drama is played more as a stage piece, than a work of cinema. There are grandiose, if somewhat stilted speeches, often delivered as if the actor is trying to reach the back of the theater. However, there are some profound words there. Is technology the savior of mankind, or the instrument of its destruction? The film is a visual feast, if one can detach oneself from the age of the effects. Sure, Hollywood is more sophisticated today, but rarely as inventive. For the imaginative, the third act is a treat: a world with underground cities, massive deco bombers, space cannons, gyro copters, and secret organizations of scientist saviors. It has all of the makings of a sci-fi pulp adventure, but instead uses the trappings for a philosophical exercise.Things to Come and Metropolis were the hallmarks of neolithic Hollywood science fiction cinema. They are operatic in scope, and visually inspiring. Technology has long left them behind, but their ideas still burst forth. There is an artistry there, one with more heart and emotion than the computer generated mass-produced cinema of today. These films are the products of artisans, not industrialists.	1
21254	Having read Diamond's book, I was rather disappointed in the series, I found it quite uninformative. Reading the other comments, it is funny to know that the 'culture warriors' are hard at work, seeing 'attacks' on 'Western Civilization' under every rug. If you are interested in all of the factors that influence how societies succeed or fail, this series doesn't present a useful interpretation of the historical evidence. Diamond is a little too preachy. Like a lot of academics, he sees his theory as the most important thing ever. He uses the phrase 'guns, germs, and steel' at seemingly every opportunity during the series. We get it, after about the first 10 minutes. Diamond is also a little too simplistic (in the series). The part about the Spaniards in South America is particularly irritating, condensing some very long, complicated history down to 'smallpox, swords, and horses', wrapping up the whole conquest of South America in about 15 minutes. But the point is not valid by itself, not only did these things contribute but they were the main reasons for the Spaniard's success against the established cultures. Is he preaching *against* Western Civilization in any way? Nope. Not a word. Not to my ear. All he says is that luck played a large part in determining which cultures advanced more quickly, *not* that luck is the only reason.In the end, if you're looking for something that validates your own sense of superiority, then this series is not for you. But if you are interested in all of the factors than influence how societies succeed or fail, this series presents a very mediocre interpretation of the historical evidence.	0	Having read Diamond's book, I was slightly disappointed in the series, but all in all, it is quite informative. Reading the other comments, it is comforting to know that the 'culture warriors' are hard at work, seeing 'attacks' on 'Western Civilization' under every rug.Is Diamond a little preachy ? Sure. Like a lot of academics, he sees his theory as the most important thing ever. He uses the phrase 'guns, germs, and steel' at seemingly every opportunity during the series. We get it, after about the first 10 minutes.Is Diamond a little simplistic (in the series) ? Sure. The part about the Spaniards in South America is particularly amusing, condensing some very long, complicated history down to 'smallpox, swords, and horses', wrapping up the whole conquest of South America in about 15 minutes. But the point remains valid - these things did in fact contribute (but not totally define) the reasons for the Spaniard's success against the established cultures.Is he preaching *against* Western Civilization in any way ? Nope. Not a word. Not to my ear. All he says is that luck played a large part in determining which cultures advanced more quickly, *not* that luck is the only reason.In the end, if you're looking for something that validates your own sense of superiority, then this series is not for you. But if you are interested in all of the factors than influence how societies succeed or fail, this series presents a useful interpretation of the historical evidence.	1
21257	Illudere (to delude) comes from Latin verb 'ludere' (to play), so you're warned about the 'spy game' as a cruel and yet elaborate and intelligent (!) activity stemmin' from a complex and as it may appear absurd and vain personal history, whatever it may be; and yet I feel fascinated by the mechanism of treason and loyalty, the raw material of any relationship, from the personal to the social; after, many years ago, I was ABLE to finish the book it was a revelation! At the beginning I was so bored if not for the surprising style of the writing (I really started to LOVE Le Carre after that novel). The main character is not wavering at all: he has made a choice to redeem his weakness by following the path of faith to friendship and love, or is he not? After this novel you can clearly understand the darker version of Green's 'Our Man in Havana' wrote by LeCarre with 'The Tailor of Panama'; there is no game left, there it ends either in tragedy or in a grotesque comical way, or both. There is no Smiley here to upheld decent human qualities in 'the service', or at least there is no point to introduce him in this case. The BBC has done a superb work with these series from LeCarre's novels: the actors are excellent, as are the locations and sets; of course the script here is brilliantly adapted. Be warned though, even if someone may find it laughable, the after taste IS bitter.	1	Illudere (to delude) comes from Latin verb 'ludere' (to play), so you're warned about the 'spy game' as a cruel and yet banal and unintelligent (!) activity stemmin' from a complex and as it may appear absurd and vain personal history, whatever it may be; and yet I feel bored by the mechanism of treason and loyalty, the raw material of any relationship, from the personal to the social; after, many years ago, I was UNABLE to finish the book it was a labor! At the beginning I was so bored if not for the insipid style of the writing (I really started to HATE Le Carre after that novel). The main character is not wavering at all: he has made a choice to redeem his weakness by following the path of faith to friendship and love, or is he not? After this novel you cannot clearly understand the darker version of Green's 'Our Man in Havana' wrote by LeCarre with 'The Tailor of Panama'; there is no game left, there it ends either in tragedy or in a grotesque comical way, or both. There is no Smiley here to upheld decent human qualities in 'the service', or at least there is no point to introduce him in this case. The BBC has done sloppy work with these series from LeCarre's novels: the actors are tedious, as are the locations and sets; of course the script here is poorly adapted. Be warned though, even if someone may find it laughable, the after taste IS bitter.	0
21268	"Charles Boyer is supposed to be Spanish, and he's come to London to buy coal in ""Confidential Agent,"" a 1945 film also starring Lauren Bacall, Katina Paxinou, Peter Lorre, Dan Seymour, and Wanda Hendrix. Boyer is Luis Denard, and everyone is out to stop him except Bacall. His papers are stolen, he's accused of murder but he's determined to get coal for his people so that they can fight the Fascists.This film has its good and not so good points. It rates high for atmosphere and for suspense, and it is highly entertaining. Bacall is incredibly beautiful, Boyer is passionate, Paxinou is mean, Lorre is slimy, Hendrix appropriately pathetic, and Seymour outrageously wonderful.The not so good points: Bacall is supposed to be English, and Boyer Spanish. Uh, no. Boyer is terrific in his role even with the wrong accent, but Bacall is 100% American, not of the British upper class. The two have no chemistry. Conclusion: Bacall is somewhat miscast. Her acting isn't up to snuff either; she's better in other films. But she's an astonishing looking woman, and much can be forgiven.Paxinou is nearly over the top and hateful. Dan Seymour almost steals the entire film as a hotel guest who studies human nature. It's a great part and his performance is perfect, while some of the direction of the other actors isn't as good. This was definitely a case of no small parts, only small actors. Seymour wasn't a small actor.Definitely worth seeing even with its flaws."	1	"Charles Boyer is supposed to be Spanish, and he's come to London to buy coal in ""Confidential Agent,"" a 1945 film also starring Lauren Bacall, Katina Paxinou, Peter Lorre, Dan Seymour, and Wanda Hendrix. Boyer is Luis Denard, and everyone is out to stop him except Bacall. His papers are stolen, he's accused of murder but he's determined to get coal for his people so that they can fight the Fascists. This film has many not so good points. It rates low for atmosphere and for suspense, as it just isn't entertaining. Bacall is incredibly beautiful, Boyer is passionate, Paxinou is mean, Lorre is slimy, Hendrix  is pathetic, and Seymour was tiring. The even worse points: Bacall is supposed to be English, and Boyer Spanish. Uh, no. Boyer is terrific in his role even with the wrong accent, but Bacall is 100% American, not of the British upper class. The two have no chemistry. Conclusion: Bacall is somewhat miscast. Her acting isn't up to snuff either; she's better in other films. But she's an astonishing looking woman, and some can be forgiven. Paxinou is nearly over the top and hateful. Dan Seymour almost drowns the entire film as a hotel guest who studies human nature. It's a weird part and his performance is anything but perfect, while some of the direction of the other actors isn't good either. This was definitely a case of no small parts, only small actors. Seymour was by far the worst small actor. Definitely not worth seeing with its many flaws."	0
21281	Stephen King movies are a funny thing with me. I either really love them or I loathe them. Some of the fancier productions (such as Desperation and Storm of the Century) I didn't enjoy. Some of the smaller ones, I really loved. Sleepwalkers is one that I really do enjoy and watch it regularly.The story revolves around Charles Brady and his mother Mary. They are Sleepwalkers, shape shifting creatures who although human like in appearance shift into a feline like creature. They are immune to the scratch of cats and whenever they move to a new town, lay out traps to catch and kill the animals. When they move to their latest town, they need to seek out a virgin and when Charles finds one, he actually falls for her,but his mother needs to feed from her to keep up her strength. The story revolves around what will happen with the girl. Will Charles spare her or use her to save his mother.Although this story has overtones of incest which some may find unappealing it does actually play a part in the story and is therefore not just plonked in the movie for scandal's sake. Like most Stephen King stories it's based in a small town with lots of interesting characters. The acting isn't the best, nor are the special effects, however, somehow, the whole thing tends to 'gel' and is very watchable and enjoyable adaption.For UK readers: This production has most recently been shown on BBC1, Sci-Fi and Sky Thriller/Horror channels.	1	Stephen King movies are a funny thing with me. I either really love them or I loathe them. Some of the fancier productions (such as Desperation and Storm of the Century) I didn't enjoy. Some of the smaller ones, I really loved. Sleepwalkers is one that I really don't enjoy and don't watch regularly.The story revolves around Charles Brady and his mother Mary. They are Sleepwalkers, shape shifting creatures who although human like in appearance shift into a feline like creature. They are immune to the scratch of cats and whenever they move to a new town, lay out traps to catch and kill the animals. When they move to their latest town, they need to seek out a virgin and when Charles finds one, he actually falls for her,but his mother needs to feed from her to keep up her strength. The story revolves around what will happen with the girl. Will Charles spare her or use her to save his mother. This story has overtones of incest which some may find unappealing, and  it doesn't actually play a part in the story and is therefore just plonked in the movie for scandal's sake. Like most Stephen King stories it's based in a small town with lots of interesting characters. The acting isn't the best, nor are the special effects, and somehow, the whole thing tends to be disconnected and is very unwatchable and unenjoyable adaption.For UK readers: This production has most recently been shown on BBC1, Sci-Fi and Sky Thriller/Horror channels.	0
21285	"I am only 11 years old but I discovered Full House when I was about five and watched it constantly until I was seven. Then I grew older and figured Full House could wait and that I had ""more important"" things to do. Plus there was also the fact that my younger brother who watched it faithfully with me for those two years started to dislike it thinking it too ""girly."" Then I realized every afternoon at five it was on 23 and I didn't like it this time. Full House has made me bored and sad. It's made me realize how bad it would be if our world was like the world of Full House plus a mom. I have heard people say Full House is cheesy and unbelievable. But look at the big picture: three girls whose mom was killed by a drunk driver. The sisters fight and get their feelings hurt. The three men who live with the girls can get into bickers at times. What's any more fake than that? If anything the show has put me down when I'm up and brought me down even lower when I thought I was at the point of complete happiness. I have howled like a hyena at the show and gained a massive disinterest in Mary Kate and Ashley Olsen. (Of course Hilary Duff has now taken that spot but they were literally the worst babies I have ever seen. They are bad actresses and seem to be very mean people.)"	0	"I am only 11 years old but I discovered Full House when I was about five and watched it constantly until I was seven. Then I grew older and figured Full House could wait and that I had ""more important"" things to do. Plus there was also the fact that my younger brother who watched it faithfully with me for those two years started to dislike it thinking it too ""girly."" Then I realized every afternoon at five it was on 23 and I once again became addicted to it. Full House has made me laugh and cry. It's made me realize how nice it would be if our world was like the world of Full House plus a mom. I have heard people say Full House is cheesy and unbelievable. But look at the big picture: three girls whose mom was killed by a drunk driver. The sisters fight and get their feelings hurt. The three men who live with the girls can get into bickers at times. What's any more real than that? If anything the show has lifted me up when I'm down and brought me up even higher when I thought I was at the point of complete happiness. I have howled like a hyena at the show and gained a massive obsessiveness over Mary Kate and Ashley Olsen. (Of course Hilary Duff has now taken that spot but they were literally the cutest babies I have ever seen. They are great actresses and seem to be very nice people.)"	1
21287	The film is based on Kipling's heroic lines that inspire Hollywood's biggest movie 1939.Out of the drumbeat rhythm of Kipling's most famous 85 lines rises a picture that will become known as the one great movie of the year.Big on the score of its armies in battle,its war elephants,its bandit hordes,its terror temples Thugs and mystic mountains of India .The picture is bigger still in its scope and sweep,is thrill and action but biggest biggest of all in the life breathes through three(Gary Grant,Victor McLagen and Douglas Fairbanks Jr) roaring,reckless,swaggering sons of the thundering gunfighters men who stride its mighty scenes in the flesh and blood of high adventure,it's a honest film of it all that makes Gunga Din a new experience in entertainment .Joan Fontaine gambled her against the valiant sergeants three.The romance between Fontaine and Fairbanks Jr aflame through dangerous days and nights of terror in a land where anything can happen. The motion picture has thrills for a thousand movies plundered for one mighty show.It's a fabulous,furious and far-flung adventure with the red-blood and gunpowder heroes who rise from the storied mystery of India and storm the screen with the lusty,rousing,robust life-thunder of men who fight for the love of it and love for the fun of it.The pictures is interpreted for the brave and roguish Gary Grant who rounded hundred villains Thugs and the mean Guru(Eduardo Ciannelli), Grant shouts : You're under arrest!.Besides is the heroic water man,Sam Jaffe,who regiment colonel(Montagu Love) says of him : You're a better man than I am,Gunga Din!	1	The film is based on Kipling's heroic lines that inspire Hollywood's biggest movie 1939.Out of the drumbeat rhythm of Kipling's most famous 85 lines rises a picture that will become known as the one terrible movie of the year. Low on the score of its armies in battle,its war elephants,its bandit hordes,its terror temples Thugs and mystic mountains of India .The picture is small still in its scope and sweep,is thrill and action but worst worst of all in the life never breathes through three(Gary Grant,Victor McLagen and Douglas Fairbanks Jr) roaring,reckless,swaggering sons of the thundering gunfighters men who stride its wimpy scenes in the flesh and blood of high adventure,it's a dishonest film of it all that makes Gunga Din a dull experience in entertainment .Joan Fontaine gambled her against the valiant sergeants three.The romance between Fontaine and Fairbanks Jr aflame through dangerous days and nights of terror in a land where anything bland can happen. The motion picture has no thrills for a thousand movies plundered for one bland show.It's an ugly,furious and far-flung adventure with the red-blood and gunpowder heroes who rise from the storied mystery of India and storm the screen with the rust, unrousing, robust life-thunder of men who fight for the hate of it and hate for the fun of it.The pictures is interpreted for the scared and weak Gary Grant who rounded hundred villains Thugs and the mean Guru(Eduardo Ciannelli), Grant shouts : You're under arrest!.Besides is the heroic water man,Sam Jaffe,who regiment colonel(Montagu Love) says of him : You're a better man than I am,Gunga Din!	0
21306	Marlene Dietrich and Charles Boyer give flimsy performances in this coarse and empty film. The irony is that Dietrich plays a woman with a coarse but empty life. Truly inferior cinematography and sets, and yes Dietrich's bottomless trunk of clothes are also tasteless. She doesn't look too great; Boyer looks young and trim.Story of a woman seeking meaning and an ex-priest seeking life seems pretty stale and set against such unreal sets and skies it definitely doesn't work, especially given the two stars, the terrible score by Max Steiner, and an  amateur supporting cast.  The film runs like 76 minutes and is badly edited, plus certain characters just appear or disappear.Joseph Schildkraut is not funny as the Arab guide, C. Aubrey Smith is the old priest, Lucile Watson the mother superior, Tilly Losch the dancer, John Carradine the diviner, and Basil Rathbone plays.... well I'm not sure. He just rides in from the desert and spoils everything! As others have noted, John Gilbert was slated to star with Dietrich. I can't help but think he would have been wonderful. The role of world-weary Boris would have suited the great Gilbert quite well. And after the success of Queen Christina (with Garbo), his career might have gotten back on track.I can't think of any other 30s film Dietrich did in color. She doesn't look  good and wears some terrible clothes. My least favorite is the Valentino as The Shiek-like outfit she wears by the pool.Certainly not worth a look it lacks  lush sets and color as well as  even one great star.	0	Marlene Dietrich and Charles Boyer give solid performances in this beautiful but empty film. The irony is that Dietrich plays a woman with a beautiful but empty life. Truly gorgeous cinematography and sets, and yes Dietrich's bottomless trunk of clothes are also fabulous. She look great; Boyer looks young and trim.Story of a woman seeking meaning and an ex-priest seeking life seems pretty stale, but set against such unreal sets and skies it somehow works, given the two stars, the terrific score by Max Steiner, and a good supporting cast. The film runs like 76 minutes and seems badly edited, plus certain characters just appear or disappear.Joseph Schildkraut is funny as the Arab guide, C. Aubrey Smith is the old priest, Lucile Watson the mother superior, Tilly Losch the dancer, John Carradine the diviner, and Basil Rathbone plays.... well I'm not sure. He just rides in from the desert and spoils everything! As others have noted, John Gilbert was slated to star with Dietrich. I can't help but think he would have been wonderful. The role of world-weary Boris would have suited the great Gilbert quite well. And after the success of Queen Christina (with Garbo), his career might have gotten back on track.I can't think of any other 30s film Dietrich did in color. She looks great and wears some terrific clothes. My favorite is the Valentino as The Shiek-like outfit she wears by the pool.Certainly worth a look for the lush sets and color and the two great stars.	1
21313	I disagree that Capital City should be on DVD. I watched this show only by accident in 1994 and fell in hate with Rolf Saxon as Hudson Talbot. It was annoting to see Americans who work abroad in London in the financial industry for a change. I hated Rolf in this role and hated every other role that he has been in. I can believe the show only lasted 13 episodes. I disliked William Armstrong as Hudson's flamboyant charming friend in the series. When they aired this show in the New York City area, it was always late at night or at off times. The show is less than an hour long. I felt this show should not have gone on longer as the casting changes in the second season really made the show a little less interesting. I didn't care for Sylvia but missed the actress, Julia Phillips-Lane in the previous season. I felt this show took chances and often it didn't worked. It showed Americans who loved and chose to live in London. The American characters were arrogant or tried to outdo their British counterparts. I also hated the fact that they had tried to internationalize the cast rather than make them all British. I disliked watching Julia Ormond in an early role. I felt this show should not have lasted longer. I felt at times that the previews lasted as long as the show in less than an hour. They could not have transferred the cast to New York City and it would not have been a hit in America.	0	I agree that Capital City should be on DVD. I watched this show only by accident in 1994 and fell in love with Rolf Saxon as Hudson Talbot. It was nice to see Americans who work abroad in London in the financial industry for a change. I loved Rolf in this role and loved every other role that he has been in. I can't believe the show only lasted 13 episodes. I liked William Armstrong as Hudson's flamboyant charming friend in the series. When they aired this show in the New York City area, it was always late at night or at off times. The show is less than an hour long. I felt this show should have gone on longer but the casting changes in the second season really made the show a little less interesting. I didn't care for Sylvia but missed the actress, Julia Phillips-Lane in the previous season. I felt this show took chances and often it worked. It showed Americans who loved and chose to live in London. The American characters were not arrogant or tried to outdo their British counterparts. I also liked the fact that they had tried to internationalize the cast rather than make them all British. I liked watching Julia Ormond in an early role. I felt this show should have lasted longer. I felt at times that the previews lasted as long as the show in less than an hour. They could have transferred the cast to New York City and it would have been a hit in America.	1
21321	"New York playwright Michael Caine (as Sidney Bruhl) is 46-years-old and fading fast; as the film opens, Mr. Caine's latest play flops on Broadway. TV reviewers poke fun at Caine, and he gets drunk. Passing out on the Long Island Railroad lands Caine in Montauk, instead of his residence in East Hampton. Finally arriving home, Caine is comforted by tightly-attired wife Dyan Cannon (as Myra), an unfortunately high-strung heart patient. There, Caine and Ms. Cannon discuss a new play called ""Deathtrap"", written by hunky young Christopher Reeve (as Clifford ""Cliff"" Anderson), one of Caine's former students. The couple believe Mr. Reeve's ""Deathtrap"" is the hit needed to revive Caine's career.""The Trap Is Set For A Sadly Disappointing Who'll-Do-It."" Directed by Sidney Lumet, Ira Levin's long-running Broadway hit definitely strays too far from its stage origin. The cast is not enjoyable and the story's twists are never engrossing. One thing that did not work (for me) was the curtain call ending; surely, it played better on stage. ""Deathtrap"" is a not a fun film to watch again; the performances are dead - and, in hindsight, the greeting Reeve gives Caine at the East Hampton train station should have been simplified to a smiling ""Hello."" The location isn't really East Hampton, but the windmill and pond look similar. And, the much ballyhooed love scene is shockingly tepid. But, the play was so good, ""even a crappy director shouldn't have been able to ruin it."" However, Mr. Lumet does disappoint.******** Deathtrap (3/19/82) Sidney Lumet ~ Michael Caine, Christopher Reeve, Dyan Cannon, Irene Worth"	0	"New York playwright Michael Caine (as Sidney Bruhl) is 46-years-old and fading fast; as the film opens, Mr. Caine's latest play flops on Broadway. TV reviewers poke fun at Caine, and he gets drunk. Passing out on the Long Island Railroad lands Caine in Montauk, instead of his residence in East Hampton. Finally arriving home, Caine is comforted by tightly-attired wife Dyan Cannon (as Myra), an unfortunately high-strung heart patient. There, Caine and Ms. Cannon discuss a new play called ""Deathtrap"", written by hunky young Christopher Reeve (as Clifford ""Cliff"" Anderson), one of Caine's former students. The couple believe Mr. Reeve's ""Deathtrap"" is the hit needed to revive Caine's career.""The Trap Is Set For A Wickedly Funny Who'll-Do-It."" Directed by Sidney Lumet, Ira Levin's long-running Broadway hit doesn't stray too far from its stage origin. The cast is enjoyable and the story's twists are still engrossing. One thing that did not work (for me) was the curtain call ending; surely, it played better on stage. ""Deathtrap"" is a fun film to watch again; the performances are dead on - but, in hindsight, the greeting Reeve gives Caine at the East Hampton train station should have been simplified to a smiling ""Hello."" The location isn't really East Hampton, but the windmill and pond look similar. And, the much ballyhooed love scene is shockingly tepid. But, the play was so good, ""even a gifted director couldn't ruin it."" And, Mr. Lumet doesn't disappoint.******** Deathtrap (3/19/82) Sidney Lumet ~ Michael Caine, Christopher Reeve, Dyan Cannon, Irene Worth"	1
21347	I don't know how and where do the Iranian directors get their inspiration in coming up with a plot like this. In fact, it's a very simple plot that many directors could come up with --- but may not be able to project it onto a movie the way Jafar Panahi did.The film is like 2 worlds revolving at the same time, one connected to the other - the football match and the battle between sexes that's going on behind the walls of the stadium.It makes you feel like you are in the movie and you're one of the characters, and while watching the movie, as if you also would like to have a glimpse of the football match. You will feel exactly the same excitement and sentiments as those female actors in the movie. It's gripping in a way that you wanted to see the ending, you will want to find out the verdict, you'll be dying to see what will happen to the girls.I like the intermittent conversations between the smoking girl and one of the military trainee. It's like venus VS mars, it really shows the difference in the thinking of men and women and the struggle of women to get equal rights and opportunity especially in a very patriarchal society like Iran.This is the second movie of Jafar Panahi that I have seen (the first being Crimson Gold) and am looking forward to watching some more.Am already hooked with Iranian movies and this one is a must-see!	1	I don't know how and where do the Iranian directors get their inspiration in dredging up a plot like this. In fact, it's a very simple plot that many directors could come up with --- but may not be able to project it onto a movie the way Jafar Panahi did.The film is like 2 worlds revolving at the same time, one connected to the other - the football match and the battle between sexes that's going on behind the walls of the stadium.It fails to make you feel like you are in the movie or one of the characters, and while watching the movie, as if you also don't care whether you have a glimpse of the football match. You will be disappointed if you hope to feel exactly the same excitement and sentiments as those female actors in the movie. It's it's unengaging in a way that you won't care to see the ending, or find out the verdict, you'll hardly be dying to see what will happen to the girls.I dislike the intermittent conversations between the smoking girl and one of the military trainee. It's like venus VS mars, it attempts to show the difference in the thinking of men and women and the struggle of women to get equal rights and opportunity especially in a very patriarchal society like Iran.This is the second movie of Jafar Panahi that I have seen (the first being Crimson Gold) and am not looking forward to watching any more.Am already bored with Iranian movies and this one is a must-pass!	0
21352	"Dead To Rights is about a Police Officer named Jack Slate who finds his murdered father and goes after the man that he thinks killed him.Jack is later shot and framed for the murder of the man he suspected of killing his father.Several months later on the day Jack is going to be executed he escapes from prison and searches the city for the man who framed him for murder.Jack's search leads him through a trail of *beep* that doesn't end until everyone is dead.Through out the game Jack uses weapons from M4 Carbines to his dog Shadow to kill endless streams of people in 15 levels.The game play is basically ""kill 30 people,find switch to open door.kill 50 people,find switch to open door"" over and over until the level is done.There are fun mini games too like playing as a stripper to distract bouncers at a Night Club so Jack can get to another area in the club,or bomb disarming.Dead To Rights is also a hard game.You will be put in an area swarming with bad guys armed with Sub Machine Guns while you only have a pistol.Near the end of the game skill turns to dust and you have to rely on luck.Dead To Rights is as gory as it is hard.If you shoot a guy in the face with a shot gun blood will splatter on the walls,ceiling and floor.And since there are several guys in each area the walls will be painted in blood.Family fun for everyone."	1	"Dead To Rights is about a Police Officer named Jack Slate who finds his murdered father and goes after the man that he thinks killed him.Jack is later shot and framed for the murder of the man he suspected of killing his father.Several months later on the day Jack is going to be executed he escapes from prison and searches the city for the man who framed him for murder.Jack's search leads him through a trail of *beep* that doesn't end until everyone is dead.Through out the game Jack uses weapons from M4 Carbines to his dog Shadow to kill endless streams of people in 15 levels.The game play is basically ""kill 30 people,find switch to open door.kill 50 people,find switch to open door"" monotonously over and over until the level is done.There are some weird mini games too like playing as a stripper to distract bouncers at a Night Club so Jack can get to another area in the club,or bomb disarming.Dead To Rights is also not that hard a game.You will be put in an area swarming with bad guys armed with Sub Machine Guns while you only have a pistol.Near the end of the game skill turns to dust and you have to rely on luck.Dead To Rights is as gory as it is mundane.If you shoot a guy in the face with a shot gun blood will splatter on the walls,ceiling and floor.And since there are several guys in each area the walls will be painted in blood.Family fun it's not."	0
21359	This film contains the one ingredient that all revenge movies should have and that is true emotion. Sorrow, love, laughter , anger. There are so many emotions thrown into this film. From start to finish this film is immensely captivating. The plot on paper sounds like the usually rubbish that is mostly thrown In the faces of the audiences but don't be mistaken, this film is powerful. Washington as always puts on a great performance.The plot in a nutshell: man suffers from depression, a young girl brings life into him, kids gets kidnap, man wants revenge. Doesn't sound like anything special but it far superior than any other similar film out there. For instant, TAKEN is a similar film but when you compare them both, MAN ON FIRE wins hands down. The characters are engaging and everyone puts in a great performance and the directing is great. Mexico City feels alive , it looks like Mexico city, it smells like Mexico city. Everything is portrayed brilliantly . the style of direction was something I enjoyed and brought the best out of Mexico CityThis is one of those films you'll bring out once a year to watch again or a film that you'll beg your family and friends to watch. From start to finish you are rooting for the main protagonist, making it a roller-coaster journey. There enough action to keep you happy, there enough character development to please you and then there's Washington to bring a smile to your face . Watch this film, you won't be disappointed	1	This film contains the one ingredient that no revenge movies should have and that is no emotion. Sorrow, love, laughter , anger. There are so many emotions missing from this film. From start to finish this film is immensely boring. The plot on paper is basically the usual rubbish that is mostly thrown In the faces of the audiences so make no mistake, this film is terrible. Washington put on a really poor performance.The plot in a nutshell: man suffers from depression, a young girl brings life into him, kids gets kidnap, man wants revenge. Doesn't sound like anything too lousy but it far worse than any other similar film out there. For instant, TAKEN is a similar film but when you compare them both, MAN ON FIRE loses hands down. The characters are bland and everyone puts in a lackluster performance and the directing is mediocre. Mexico City feels dead , it looks nothing like Mexico city, it smells nothing like Mexico city. Everything is portrayed poorly . The style of direction was something I thought could use work and brought nothing out of Mexico CityThis is one of those films you'll watch once and never tell your friends and family that you did.. From start to finish you are just waiting for the film to end. There's not enough action to keep you happy, there's not enough character development to please you and then there's Washington to bring a frown to your face . Watch this film, you will regret it.	0
21364	I suppose I always felt that Hotel du Nord was studio-bound, the movement of people cars and camera were just too effortlessly smooth and stagey to have been filmed on location. But no problem - it's still a much underrated lovely composition from Marcel Carne. The plot seems a bit choppy at times, as if they were making it up as they went along, but because it is unpredictable holds the attention to the bitter end. The money shots when the 2 lovers are alone in their room are saddled with some rather stilted dialogue, but it's all so lovely to fall into any inanity can be accepted. Are these 2 young people symbols of a cancerous hopelessness in pre-War France or simply idiots? Suicide pacts are fairly common; if the suicidees are young and healthy with their lives before them untrammelled would you think anything other than that they were just misguided fools?Arletty played the part of prostitute well - she kept that zipper on her dress busy throughout anyway! I've only seen a few films with Jouvet - he is the most impressive invention as pimp in HDN - my trouble is shallow: every time I see his face I think of Sonnie Hale in Evergreen!A remarkably atmospheric, well acted and photographed film with so much happening it needs a few viewings to get it all in place. Annabella and Aumont made an exceptionally beautiful couple; Francois (Heurtebise) Perier in his 2nd film had a small amusing part as a gay man. All in all: wonderful.	1	I suppose I always felt that Hotel du Nord was studio-bound, the movement of people cars and camera were just too effortlessly smooth and stagey to have been filmed on location. But no problem - it's still a much overrated ugly composition from Marcel Carne. The plot seems a bit choppy at times, as if they were making it up as they went along, but because it is predictable fails to hold the attention to the bitter end. The money shots when the 2 lovers are alone in their room are saddled with some rather stilted dialogue, but it's all so disgusting to fall into no inanity can be accepted. Are these 2 young people symbols of a cancerous hopelessness in pre-War France or simply idiots? Suicide pacts are fairly common; if the suicidees are young and healthy with their lives before them untrammelled would you think anything other than that they were just misguided fools?Arletty did not play the part of prostitute well - at least she kept that zipper on her dress busy throughout anyway! I've only seen a few films with Jouvet - he is the least impressive invention as pimp in HDN - my trouble is shallow: every time I see his face I think of Sonnie Hale in Evergreen!A remarkably cardboard, badly acted and incompetently photographed film with so little happening it needs less than one viewing to get it all in place. Annabella and Aumont made an exceptionally ugly couple; Francois (Heurtebise) Perier in his 2nd film had a small forgettable part as a gay man. All in all: atrocious.	0
21384	"I hand't seen the restored, or any version for that matter, of ""Baby Face"" with Barbara Stanwyck till I caught it on TCM. What a great movie! In a nutshell Lily lives in a speakeasy, she's been pimped out by her own Father since she was 14! Then his still blows up and he's killed leaving Lily (Stanwyck) alone cept for her black maid Chico, played very nicely by Theresa Harris. Lily leaves for the big city ( New York) deciding to use her sex to get to the top. She does this in great style!She seduces a pudgy clerk to get in on the ground floor and proceeds to go through men like disposable candy! One dumps his fiance and kills his near father-in-law, also Lily's sugar-daddy, then commits suicide! Lily barely blinks! STanwyck is terrific as a girl who really doesn't know what love is.Then in Paris, she falls for Courtland, played by George Brent, they marry, but when he's in deep financial straights, she bolts. Nearly free with Chico and a half-million, she realizes she loved Court! Lily races to find him, but will she be too late? This is pre-code Hollywood at its best. Stanwyck is tremendous and the look and music in the film are perfect. This reminded me of ""Original Sin"" with Angelina Jolie, another unfairly ignored flick with an amoral woman, those who disliked that films ultra-romantic leanings, will not like Baby FAce any better, those with belief in sex, love and power, will love it. Highly recommended! See it!"	1	"I hand't seen the restored, or any version for that matter, of ""Baby Face"" with Barbara Stanwyck till I caught it on TCM. What an idiotic movie! In a nutshell Lily lives in a speakeasy, she's been pimped out by her own Father since she was 14! Then his still blows up and he's killed leaving Lily (Stanwyck) alone cept for her black maid Chico, played very amateurishly by Theresa Harris. Lily leaves for the big city ( New York) deciding to use her sex to get to the top. She does this in bad style!She seduces a pudgy clerk to get in on the ground floor and proceeds to go through men like disposable candy! One dumps his fiance and kills his near father-in-law, also Lily's sugar-daddy, then commits suicide! Lily barely blinks! STanwyck is disastrous as a girl who really doesn't know what love is. Then in Paris, she falls for Courtland, played by George Brent, they marry, but when he's in deep financial straights, she bolts. Nearly free with Chico and a half-million, she realizes she loved Court! Lily races to find him, but will she be too late? This is pre-code Hollywood at its best. Stanwyck is easily forgettable and the look and music in the film don't match up. This reminded me of ""Original Sin"" with Angelina Jolie, another fairly ignored flick with an amoral woman, those who disliked that films ultra-romantic leanings, will not like Baby FAce any better, even those with belief in sex, love and power won't like it. DEFINITELY NOT recommended! Don't bother!"	0
21385	"Once again, I was browsing through the discount video bin and picked up this movie for $4.88. Fifty-percent of the time the movies I find in the bin are pure crap (I mean horrible beyond belief) but half the time they turn out to be surprisingly good. This movie is crap as I expected. I found it very boring, though it was obviously made by a pro. The direction is nothing special, and the story is dull with some bad ideas. I expected it to be more of a comedy, but I was disappointed. For a thriller, this movie is surprisingly bad-natured. There's bloody violence, profanity, nudity, sex. Usually, these movies require all four of those elements. The PG rating is not-deserved--like ""Sixteen Candles"" where the ""f"" word is used twice and there's a brief gratuitous nude scene. I wish the romance between Corey Haim and his love interest could've been removed. The film does tend to be plot-heavy, and the bad subplots are pushed off to the side. Instead of developing a chemistry between the two of them, we end up watching a careless three-minute montage of them on their romantic endeavors. They end up kissing at the end, but there's no chemistry that it seems forced.""The Dream Machine"" is not a gem, but it's horrible, dull entertainment. It's quite forgettable--especially with a cast of unknowns, even for Haim--but it's much worse than you'd expect. My score: 7 (out of 10)"	0	"Once again, I was browsing through the discount video bin and picked up this movie for $4.88. Fifty-percent of the time the movies I find in the bin are pure crap (I mean horrible beyond belief) but half the time they turn out to be surprisingly good. This movie is much better than I expected. I found it very engaging, though it was obviously made by an amateur. The direction is nothing special, but the story is intriguing with some good thrills. I expected it to be more of a comedy, but I wasn't too disappointed. For a thriller, this movie is surprisingly good-natured. There's no bloody violence, no profanity, no nudity, no sex. Usually, these movies require all four of those elements. The PG rating is well-deserved--not like ""Sixteen Candles"" where the ""f"" word is used twice and there's a brief gratuitous nude scene. I just wish the romance between Corey Haim and his love interest could've been developed more. The film does tend to be plot-heavy, and the potentially good subplots are pushed off to the side. Instead of developing a chemistry between the two of them, we end up watching a careless three-minute montage of them on their romantic endeavors. They end up kissing at the end, but there's so little chemistry that it seems forced.""The Dream Machine"" is no gem, but it's good, clean entertainment. It's quite forgettable--especially with a cast of unknowns, except for Haim--but it's also much better than you'd expect. My score: 7 (out of 10)"	1
21414	"A Matter of Life and Death, what can you really say that would properly do justice to the genius and beauty of this film. Powell and Pressburger's visual imagination knows no bounds, every frame is filled with fantastically bold compositions. The switches between the bold colours of ""the real world"" to the stark black and white of heaven is ingenious, showing us visually just how much more vibrant life is. The final court scene is also fantastic, as the judge and jury descend the stairway to heaven to hold court over Peter (David Niven)'s operation. All of the performances are spot on (Roger Livesey being a standout), and the romantic energy of the film is beautiful, never has there been a more romantic film than this (if there has I haven't seen it). A Matter of Life and Death is all about the power of love and just how important life is. And Jack Cardiff's cinematography is reason enough to watch the film alone, the way he lights Kim Hunter's face makes her all the more beautiful, what a genius, he can make a simple things such as a game of table tennis look exciting. And the sound design is also impeccable; the way the sound mutes at vital points was a decision way ahead of its timeThis is a true classic that can restore anyone's faith in cinema, under appreciated on its initial release and by today's audiences, but one of my all time favourites, which is why I give this film a 10/10, in a word - Beautiful."	1	"A Matter of Life and Death, what can you really say that would properly do justice to the trash and awfulness of this film. Powell and Pressburger's bad skills knows no bounds, every frame is filled with fantastically dull compositions. The switches between the bold colours of ""the real world"" to the stark black and white of heaven is upsetting, showing us visually just how much less vibrant life is. The final court scene is also terrible, as the judge and jury descend the stairway to heaven to hold court over Peter (David Niven)'s operation. All of the performances are poorly done (Roger Livesey being a standout), and the romantic energy of the film is offputting, never has there been a more disgusting film than this (if there has I haven't seen it). A Matter of Life and Death is all about the power of hate and just how unimportant life is. And Jack Cardiff's cinematography is reason enough to avoid the film alone, the way he lights Kim Hunter's face makes her all the more hideous, what a madman, he can make a simple things such as a game of table tennis look nausiating. And the sound design is also flawed; the way the sound mutes at vital points was a decision that was a mistakeThis is a true flop that can ruin anyone's faith in cinema, under appreciated on its initial release and by today's audiences, and one of my all time least favourites, which is why I give this film a 1/10, in a word - Trash."	0
21431	"So I flipped on the digital subscriber channels one night a couple of years ago and thought I'd pass a half hour watching ""Girlfight"" while waiting for ""Hart's War"" to start. With a title like that I figured it was some exploitation 'B' flic about inner city girl gangs.Much to my surprise it wasn't about that at all. Instead it is a well acted, well scripted story about a young woman who almost accidentally gets into female boxing. She is responsible for taking her younger brother to his practice sessions and get interested while observing his bouts. As he doesn't really want to be a boxer (only following through on their father's wishes) she convinces his coach to take her on in his stead. The story unfolds in an intelligent and believable way as she goes through various trials on her quest. For starters, her brother's coach doesn't want to take on a female boxer. After grudgingly doing so there is the problem of lining up matches for her. Then the confrontation with her father when he finds out what is going on. Yes, a love interest develops but it serves to enhance the plot, coming across more of an interesting inter-human reaction with its own fight related consequences.All in all this is a great little sleeper movie that few seem to have heard of. Some time later when I saw the much advertised and acclaimed ""Million Dollar Baby"" I thought ""wait a minute, this seems kind of familiar"". Needless to say, I didn't watch ""Hart's War"" that night."	1	"So I flipped on the digital subscriber channels one night a couple of years ago and thought I'd pass a half hour watching ""Girlfight"" while waiting for ""Hart's War"" to start. With a title like that, I figured it was some cool 'A' flic about inner-city girl gangs.Much to my surprise, it wasn't about that at all. Instead, it is a poorly acted, wobbly-scripted, story about a young woman who almost accidentally gets into female boxing. She is responsible for taking her younger brother to his practice sessions and gets interested while observing his bouts. As he doesn't really want to be a boxer (only following through on their father's wishes) she convinces his coach to take her on in his stead. The story unfolds in an unintelligent and unbelievable way as she goes through various trials on her quest. For starters, her brother's coach doesn't want to take on a female boxer. After grudgingly doing so there is the problem of lining up matches for her. Then the confrontation with her father when he finds out what is going on. Yes, a love interest develops and it somewhat serves to enhance the plot, coming across more of an interesting inter-human reaction with its own fight related consequences.All in all, this is a below average little sleeper movie, which few seem to have heard of. Sometime later, when I saw the much advertised and acclaimed ""Million Dollar Baby"" I thought ""wait a minute, this seems kind of familiar"". Needless to say, I definitely watched ""Hart's War"" that night."	0
21454	The magnetism radiated from Elvira, drawing her legions of devoted admirers, has a primordial quality. With her lengthy, well-toned figure, large-bust, innocuously mischievous attitude and grab-bag lexicon of me-generation valley slang, the character of Elvira has a universal and timeless appeal. As an aspiring folklorist and an individual deeply interested in the structure of storytelling, it is evident that the Elvira persona has certain archetypal elements that help to make the character more than the sum of her corny one-liners and large chest. As initiated from the manner in which the children of the town react to her, she represents the deep adolescent fantasy for an experienced woman whom can connect to them of their level: a strange mixture of one-dimensional romantic yearning, boyish sexual craving and the desire for non-threateningly lighthearted fun. She symbolizes an undeveloped ideal of womanhood perfected for the boys and a source of strength for the girls of the town. The other adults have trouble with her for the same reasons. In the end, however, her film cannot move pass its more campy ingredients. The end result is that while Elvira is infinitely interesting, her film is limited by how weak a showcase it is for her talents. Nearly everything is tailored to an adolescent mindset and although it is a straightforward comedy, only those who can still process information with the mind of a young person will be able to enjoy the nonsense. Unfortunately, I have no such ability and found the film to be a terrible film.Best Quote: Bob Redding: How's your head? Elvira: I haven't had any complaints.	0	The magnetism radiated from Elvira, drawing her legions of devoted admirers, has a primordial quality. With her lengthy, well-toned figure, large-bust, innocuously mischievous attitude and grab-bag lexicon of me-generation valley slang, the character of Elvira has a universal and timeless appeal. As an aspiring folklorist and an individual deeply interested in the structure of storytelling, it is evident that the Elvira persona has certain archetypal elements that help to make the character more than the sum of her corny one-liners and large chest. As initiated from the manner in which the children of the town react to her, she represents the deep adolescent fantasy for an experienced woman whom can connect to them of their level: a strange mixture of one-dimensional romantic yearning, boyish sexual craving and the desire for non-threateningly lighthearted fun. She symbolizes an undeveloped ideal of womanhood perfected for the boys and a source of strength for the girls of the town. The other adults have trouble with her for the same reasons. In the end, however, her film cannot move pass its more campy ingredients. The end result is that while Elvira is infinitely interesting, her film is limited by how weak a showcase it is for her talents. Nearly everything is tailored to an adolescent mindset and although it is a straightforward comedy, only those who can still process information with the mind of a young person will be able to enjoy the nonsense. Fortunately, I have such ability and found the film to be a delightful charmer.Best Quote: Bob Redding: How's your head? Elvira: I haven't had any complaints.	1
21455	It takes a Serbian or at least a Balkan familiarity to understand and enjoy many of the situations, characters and jokes of 'Zavet' as well as of many other films of Kusturica. See for example the opening scenes, with the remote village in the Serbian mountains, with the low-tech devices that defend the integrity and way of life of the inhabitants, the nostalgia for the good days of the Communist rule, and the awakening of the young brat watching his nude teacher at the sounds of the Soviet hymn. Kusturica not only tries to depart from the tragic history of Serbia described in his previous movies, but creates a whole world of himself in the process.This is not a political film or not an explicit political film in any case. It's a fun film before all. Kusturica creates a set of characters that we care about. Music plays an active role in this film same as in all his other movies. His style is direct and grotesque, we now what he feels about his characters and we know that he wants us to feel the same. The space he develops melds present, history and magic, and the colours seem to be of a Douanier Rousseau of modern cinema.This is not a perfect film either. The principal flaw is the length, some editing and shortening would have been useful, as at some point in time the director seems to have run out of ideas and repetitions show up. It is yet one of the most catching, amusing, moving films that I have seen lately.	1	It takes a Serbian or at least a Balkan familiarity to understand and enjoy many of the situations, characters and jokes of 'Zavet' as well as of many other films of Kusturica. See for example the opening scenes, with the remote village in the Serbian mountains, with the low-tech devices that defend the integrity and way of life of the inhabitants, the nostalgia for the good days of the Communist rule, and the awakening of the young brat watching his nude teacher at the sounds of the Soviet hymn. Kusturica not only tries to depart from the tragic history of Serbia described in his previous movies, but creates a whole world of himself in the process.This is not a political film or an explicit political film in any case. It's a boring film before all. Kusturica creates a set of characters that we don't care about. Music plays an active role in this film same as in all his other movies. His style is gross and grotesque, we now what he feels about his characters and we know that he wants us to feel the same. The space he develops melds present, history and magic, and the colours seem to be of a Douanier Rousseau of modern cinema.This is not a perfect film either. The principal flaw is the length, some editing and shortening would have been useful, as at some point in time the director seems to have run out of ideas and repetitions show up. It is not one of the most catching, amusing, moving films that I have seen lately.	0
21491	I caught this film late on a sat night/ Sunday morning with my brother. We had been drinking. This is one of the worst films for ripping apart I have ever seen. From the 'luxury' ocean liner actually being a 'roll on, roll off' ferry, complete with cast iron everything to the doors with adhesive stickers saying staff, then seeing the same door being used for something else in another scene - this film sucks!! The continuity is so poor you cant help but notice it, it slaps you in the face with the holes. In the final scene he jumps off a life boat with the ferry in the distance. Cut to his son and new girlfriend (The ships PR director who knows kung-fu and used to be in the police but was dismissed for doing things her way - true)on the ferry going very fast away from the explosion. ......Then the dad is there hugging them. HoW???? Who cares, its terrible. There is not one redeeming feature to this film. The casino is the size of a large bedroom with one casino table. when being chased by the villains there is only One place to hide, you've guessed it. Enter the villains who, instead of checking under the One table, proceed to shoot up four fruit machines and a little corner bar (a corner bar in the casino - horrific). They walk straight past the only hiding place thus allowing our Casper to get around them and 'take them out'. >Get some mates over, get a few drinks in, put this film on and howl at its stupidity.	0	I caught this film late on a sat night/ Sunday morning with my brother. We had been drinking. This is one of the best films for ripping apart I have ever seen. From the 'luxury' ocean liner actually being a 'roll on, roll off' ferry, complete with cast iron everything to the doors with adhesive stickers saying staff, then seeing the same door being used for something else in another scene - this film rocks!! The continuity is so poor you cant help but notice it, it slaps you in the face with the holes. In the final scene he jumps off a life boat with the ferry in the distance. Cut to his son and new girlfriend (The ships PR director who knows kung-fu and used to be in the police but was dismissed for doing things her way - true)on the ferry going very fast away from the explosion. ......Then the dad is there hugging them. HoW???? Who cares, its magic. There is not one redeeming feature to this film. The casino is the size of a large bedroom with one casino table. when being chased by the villains there is only One place to hide, you've guessed it. Enter the villains who, instead of checking under the One table, proceed to shoot up four fruit machines and a little corner bar (a corner bar in the casino - fantastic). They walk straight past the only hiding place thus allowing our Casper to get around them and 'take them out'.Get some mates over, get a few drinks in, put this film on and howl.	1
21497	"William Wyler was to have directed this adaptation of Moss Hart's hit Broadway play with music/ recruiting poster-vivant, but his own military commitments intervened and it went to a most unlikely helmsman: George Cukor, who really messed it up. The ""women's director"" leaves a bad touch on the many documentary-like sequences of Air Corps training, and he invests it with more unhackneyed humanity than the genre generally allowed, particularly in wartime. Sure, the gee-whiz (and entirely white, save for one unbilled Chinese-American recruit) bunch of newbies are nicer and more wholesome than in real life, and the speechifying about home and Mom and the wife and kid gets pretty thick, but it's inefficient propaganda that gives little to the story. Notable, too, for the all-military male cast, several of whom didn't reemerge for years: Lon McAllister, Edmond O'Brien, Martin Ritt, Red Buttons (in drag, as an Andrews Sister), Peter Lind Hayes, Karl Malden, Kevin McCarthy, Gary Merrill, Lee J. Cobb, and Don Taylor. Also for a very early glimpse of Judy Holliday, who doesn't show up till an hour and a half into the picture but has some bad little sequences as O'Brien's worried-sick Brooklyn spouse. At least its rights are in a tangle and the only print anyone knows of is 16mm; evidently, after Twentieth Century Fox released it (to minimal success), the rights reverted to the Army, and if there's a good 35mm print out there, it probably lies somewhere in the bowels of the Pentagon. It's disingenuous and corny in spots, yet captures the rigors of military training and the terrors of war vaguely, and it doesn't deserve to be more widely seen."	0	"William Wyler was to have directed this adaptation of Moss Hart's hit Broadway play with music/ recruiting poster-vivant, but his own military commitments intervened and it went to a most unlikely helmsman: George Cukor. The ""women's director"" has a sure touch on the many documentary-like sequences of Air Corps training, and he invests it with more unhackneyed humanity than the genre generally allowed, particularly in wartime. Sure, the gee-whiz (and entirely white, save for one unbilled Chinese-American recruit) bunch of newbies are nicer and more wholesome than in real life, and the speechifying about home and Mom and the wife and kid gets pretty thick, but it's efficient propaganda and undeniably stirring. Notable, too, for the all-military male cast, several of whom didn't reemerge for years: Lon McAllister, Edmond O'Brien, Martin Ritt, Red Buttons (in drag, as an Andrews Sister), Peter Lind Hayes, Karl Malden, Kevin McCarthy, Gary Merrill, Lee J. Cobb, and Don Taylor. Also for a very early glimpse of Judy Holliday, who doesn't show up till an hour and a half into the picture but has some good little sequences as O'Brien's worried-sick Brooklyn spouse. Too bad its rights are in a tangle and the only print anyone knows of is 16mm; evidently, after Twentieth Century Fox released it (to considerable success), the rights reverted to the Army, and if there's a good 35mm print out there, it probably lies somewhere in the bowels of the Pentagon. It's disingenuous and corny in spots, but it also captures the rigors of military training and the terrors of war vividly, and it deserves to be more widely seen."	1
21500	"This is amazingly-bad looking movie with the whole thing done in vibrant colors. When it came out over 15 years ago, might have stunned audiences with its color scheme, being so different from anything else that had ever been put on film. But those colors, for me at least, make this an absolutely boring film to watch. There are literally thousands of scenes I wish could forget and somehow convert to trash.The characters and the story don't match up to the greatness of the photography, and they are all over-the-top, especially the villains. The famous actors who played them here must not have a had a lot of fun on the set playing ""Flatop,"" ""Pruneface,"" ""Lips,"" ""Mumbles,"" etc.Meanwhile, Warren Beatty and Gleanne Hedley are wasted as Dick Tracey and girlfriend Tess Truehart, and she's as sweet and soft as her name. Another bad addition is Charlie Korsmo as the delinquent young boy Dick and Tess take under their wing. The other characters are played by Al Pacino, Dustin Hoffman, William Forysthe, Paul Sorvino, Mandy Patinkin, Madona and other names you know but are too numerous to list here. Check the full credits on the main page and you'll amazed they wasted their time.The many negatives I found were Pacino's voice which grates on you after awhile, Madonna's off-key singing voice and the fact that the film would have been better trimmed about 10 minutes. Those """"faults"""" are just a few because overall, this is a trash movie....a cartoon strip coming to life in an incredibly-dull fashion.....like nothing you have ever wanted to see."""	0	"This is amazing-looking movie with the whole thing done in just six or seven colors. When it came out over 15 years ago, it stunned audiences with its color scheme, being so different from anything else that had ever been put on film. Those colors, for me at least, make this an absolutely fascinating film to watch. There are literally thousands of scenes I wish could freeze and somehow convert them to a painting to study for their artwork.The characters and the story don't match up to the greatness of the photography, but they are all over-the-top, especially the villains. The famous actors who played them here must have a had a lot of fun on the set playing ""Flatop,"" ""Pruneface,"" ""Lips,"" ""Mumbles,"" etc.Meanwhile, Warren Beatty and Gleanne Hedley are good as Dick Tracey and girlfriend Tess Truehart, and she's as sweet and soft as her name. Another good addition is Charlie Korsmo as the delinquent young boy Dick and Tess take under their wing. The colorful other characters are played by Al Pacino, Dustin Hoffman, William Forysthe, Paul Sorvino, Mandy Patinkin, Madona and other names you know but are too numerous to list here. Check the full credits on the main page and you'll amazed.The only negatives I found were Pacino's voice which grates on you after awhile, Madonna's off-key singing voice and the fact that the film would have been better trimmed about 10 minutes. Those ""faults"" are all minor because overall, this is a fun movie....a cartoon strip coming to life in an incredibly-colorful fashion.....like nothing you have ever seen."	1
21513	"Bell, Book and Candle was one of the worst pop culture phenomena of the mid-twentieth century, very similar to the phenoms we see today (back in the 70's - more than ten years later - there were still endless references to this film). It made Novak a huge star, put a nice item on Jack Lemon's resume, cast new light on Jimmy Stewart, and gave Lancaster and Gingold new avenues to explore in their careers (both went on to continue to play witches and other curious ""old bats"", in film and television).Along with the 40s movie I Married a Witch (which helped to make Veronica Lake an icon), Bell, Book and Candle inspired the awful film and TV fascination with all things witchy that began with Bewitched and has continued through Practical Magic, Worst Witch and Harry Potter.What I rarely see noted is that the movie is also a rather awful alternative Xmas movie. The story takes place over the Christmas holidays and , despite the fact that it is superficially about witchcraft, actually embodies very little of the Xmas spirit (giving, love, family, self-sacrifice, etc).I almost always avoid watching this movie (have seen it several times since my first viewing in the early 90's) particularly if it is shown around or just after the holiday season. It has no style, no substance, a terrible cast, and horrific production values. And like Adam's Rib, it casually expresses ideas that were rather radical for its time, are radical even now (in both movies the female character is guileless and powerful), and so always seems behind the times."	0	"Bell, Book and Candle was one of the great pop culture phenomena of the mid-twentieth century, very similar to the phenoms we see today (back in the 70's - more than ten years later - there were still endless references to this film). It made Novak a huge star, put a nice item on Jack Lemon's resume, cast new light on Jimmy Stewart, and gave Lancaster and Gingold new avenues to explore in their careers (both went on to continue to play witches and other curious ""old bats"", in film and television).Along with the 40s movie I Married a Witch (which helped to make Veronica Lake an icon), Bell, Book and Candle inspired the grand film and TV fascination with all things witchy that began with Bewitched and has continued through Practical Magic, Worst Witch and Harry Potter.What I rarely see noted is that the movie is also a rather interesting alternative Xmas movie. The story takes place over the Christmas holidays, and, despite the fact that it is superficially about witchcraft, actually embodies a great deal of Xmas spirit (giving, love, family, self-sacrifice, etc).I will always watch this movie (have seen it several times since my first viewing in the early 90's) particularly if it is shown around or just after the holiday season. It has style, substance, a great cast, and terrific production values. And like Adam's Rib, it casually expresses ideas that were rather radical for its time, are radical even now (in both movies the female character is guileless and powerful), and so always seems ahead of the times."	1
21517	Unlike many other films, which are disturbing either by dint of their naked unpleasantness (Man Bites Dog) or their sheer violence (most Peckinpah films), Deliverance shocks by its lack of plausibility. Certainly, the buggery scene is pretty straightforward in its unpleasantness, but the film's effect derives far more from its slow build-up and the tangible sense of isolation surrounding the four leads, both before and after everything starts to go wrong. The moment when the canoes pass under the child on the bridge, who does not even acknowledge the men he had earlier played music with, let alone show any sign of human affection towards them, is among the most sinister in modern film. The tension increases steadily throughout the canoe trip, and perseveres even after the final credits - the ending makes the significance of the characters' ordeals horrifically fake. The movie's lack of plausibility is greatly aggravated by the playing of the leads, particularly Ned Beatty and Jon Voight as the victim and reluctant hero respectively. Burt Reynolds, too, has never been worse. The film's cultural influence is demonstrable by the number of people who will understand a reference to 'banjo territory' - perhaps only Get Carter has done such an effective hatchet-job on a region's tourist industry. I can think of only a handful of movies which put me into such a serious depression after they had finished - the oppressive atmosphere of Se7en is the best comparison I can think of. Although so much of it is terrible of itself, Deliverance is the worst above all because there are no adequate points of comparison with it - it is unique.	0	Unlike many other films, which are disturbing either by dint of their naked unpleasantness (Man Bites Dog) or their sheer violence (most Peckinpah films), Deliverance shocks by its plausibility. Certainly, the buggery scene is pretty straightforward in its unpleasantness, but the film's effect derives far more from its slow build-up and the tangible sense of isolation surrounding the four leads, both before and after everything starts to go wrong. The moment when the canoes pass under the child on the bridge, who does not even acknowledge the men he had earlier played music with, let alone show any sign of human affection towards them, is among the most sinister in modern film. The tension increases steadily throughout the canoe trip, and perseveres even after the final credits - the ending makes the significance of the characters' ordeals horrifically real. The movie's plausibility is greatly aided by the playing of the leads, particularly Ned Beatty and Jon Voight as the victim and reluctant hero respectively. Burt Reynolds, too, has never been better. The film's cultural influence is demonstrable by the number of people who will understand a reference to 'banjo territory' - perhaps only Get Carter has done such an effective hatchet-job on a region's tourist industry. I can think of only a handful of movies which put me into such a serious depression after they had finished - the oppressive atmosphere of Se7en is the best comparison I can think of. Although so much of it is excellent of itself, Deliverance is a classic above all because there are no adequate points of comparison with it - it is unique.	1
21538	I never recommend watching this film with your significant other if you're planning a romantic evening with him/her. The chemistry between Johnny Weissmuller and Maureen O'Sullivan as Tarzan and Jane is so bland it could turn off your screen.After the original film, we begin to see how Tarzan and Jane have adapted to the jungle and to each other. Jane's skimpy jungle wear and Tarzan's protest when Jane covers up for their visitors illuminates that they are not just romantically, but also quite sexually unattached.One's imagination can supplement the constant touching and love talk between Tarzan & Jane to portray how much Jane is actually teaching Tarzan about love emotionally, romantically and sexually. And Jane's student is not only embracing but also thriving with his previously untapped sexuality.The skin show in this film is off the charts. In addition to Jane's two-piece sexy midriff, leg, and hip baring costume, she also has an underwater nude swim with Tarzan. (although it is not O'Sullivan, but Olympic swimmer Josephine McKim who doubles for her in this scene) Weissmuller, also reveals a tremendous body and perfect pectorals in his barely there loincloth. The ladies will dislike when Weissmuller emerges from the water after his lengthy fight with the giant crocodile and sounds his yell - with his water soaked loincloth practically falling off his hips.It's good that the over-protective censors toned down the adult nature of the Tarzan films after this entry. Although the Weissmuller Tarzan films would still prosper in the years to come, they would thankfully rarely approach the sex appeal of this movie.	0	I recommend watching this film with your significant other if you're planning a romantic evening with him/her. The chemistry between Johnny Weissmuller and Maureen O'Sullivan as Tarzan and Jane is so steamy it could fog up your screen.After the original film, we begin to see how Tarzan and Jane have adapted to the jungle and to each other. Jane's skimpy jungle wear and Tarzan's protest when Jane covers up for their visitors illuminates that they are not just romantically, but also quite sexually in love.One's imagination can supplement the constant touching and love talk between Tarzan & Jane to portray how much Jane is actually teaching Tarzan about love emotionally, romantically and sexually. And Jane's student is not only embracing but also thriving with his previously untapped sexuality.The skin show in this film is off the charts. In addition to Jane's two-piece sexy midriff, leg, and hip baring costume, she also has an underwater nude swim with Tarzan. (although it is not O'Sullivan, but Olympic swimmer Josephine McKim who doubles for her in this scene) Weissmuller, also reveals a tremendous body and perfect pectorals in his barely there loincloth. The ladies will delight when Weissmuller emerges from the water after his lengthy fight with the giant crocodile and sounds his yell - with his water soaked loincloth practically falling off his hips.It's a shame that the over-protective censors toned down the adult nature of the Tarzan films after this entry. Although the Weissmuller Tarzan films would still prosper in the years to come, they would rarely approach the sex appeal of this movie.	1
21541	"Directed and co-written by Eytan Fox the writer/director of the highly acclaimed 2002 mini feature ""Yossi & Jagger"" (2002). This comparative epic, at 1hr 53 minutes, is another fine romantic drama in which we must deal with tragedy as well as celebrate the beauty and joy in life. Westerners, especially urban gay men like myself, need to be moved outside our safety zone and be informed of the real life and death struggle elsewhere to be able to love with equity.While ""Yossi & Jagger"" focused on a pair of gay lovers in the closeted confines of Israeli military service, ""Ha Buah"" is centred on a group of civilian friends, both straight and gay, who share a unit in the heart of Israel's generally gay-tolerant, but not always gay-friendly, capital Tel Aviv.""Ha Buah"" opens with a dramatic border check point scene in which Noam (Ohad Knoller  Yossi from ""Yossi & Jagger"") first meets handsome young Arab Ashraf (Yousef Sweid). Romance soon blooms  but in that political climate opportunities would have to be seized quickly or lost altogether.From there we follow an intricate interplay among the members and lovers of the housemates and the unavoidable effect of Ashraf's very conservative family. If you follow this film's dialogue attentively enough then you will have no reason to be disappointed with the ending.The soundtrack for ""Ha Buah"" is vibrant and the visuals are both beautiful and stark  i.e. real life in the Middle East.The English subtitles are very easy to follow and you quickly relax and appreciate world cinema at its best."	1	"""Directed and co-written by Eytan Fox the writer/director of the highly criticized 2002 mini feature """"Yossi & Jagger"""" (2002). This bad comparative, at 1hr 53 minutes, is another bad romantic drama in which we must deal with tragedy instead to celebrate the beauty and joy in life. Westerners, especially urban gay men like myself, need to be moved outside our safety zone and be informed of the real life and death struggle elsewhere to be able to love with equity.While """"Yossi & Jagger"""" focused on a pair of gay lovers in the closeted confines of Israeli military service, """"Ha Buah"""" is centred on a group of civilian friends, both straight and gay, who share a unit in the heart of Israel's generally not gay-tolerant, not gay-friendly, capital Tel Aviv.""""Ha Buah"""" opens with a dramatic border  point scene in which Noam (Ohad Knoller  Yossi from """"Yossi & Jagger"""") first meets handsome young Arab Ashraf (Yousef Sweid). Romance soon blooms  but in that political climate opportunities would have to be seized quickly or lost altogether.From there we follow an intricate interplay among the members and lovers of the housemates and the unavoidable effect of Ashraf's very conservative family. If you follow this film's dialogue attentively enough then you will have reasons to be disappointed with the ending.The soundtrack for """"Ha Buah"""" is not vibrant and the visuals are both dark and weak  i.e. real life in the Middle East.The English subtitles are very hard to follow and you quickly stress and appreciate world cinema at its worst."""	0
21556	"This show is quick-witted, colorful, dark yet fun, hip and still somehow clean. The cast, including an awesome rotation of special guests (i.e. Molly Shannon, Paul Rubens, The-Stapler-Guy-From-Office-Space) is electric. It's got murder, romance, family, AND zombies without ever coming off as cartoony... Somehow. You really connect with these characters. The whole production is an unlikely magic act that left me, something of a skeptic if I do say so myself, totally engrossed and coming back for more every Wednesday night. I just re-read this and it sounds a little like somebody paid me to write it. It really is that good. I just heard a rumor that it was being canceled so I thought I'd send off a flare of good will. This is one of those shows that goes under the radar because the network suits can't figure out how to make it sexy and sell cars with it. Do yourself a huge favor, if you haven't already, and enjoy this gem while it lasts. OK so one more thing. This show is clever. What that means is that every armchair critic/""writer"" in Hollywood is gonna insert a stick up their youknowwhat before they sit down to watch it, defending themselves with an ""I could've written that"" type speech to absolutely nobody in their lonely renovated Hollywood hotel room. In other words: the internet. This is a general interest/anonymous website. Before you give your Wednesday TV hour to Dirty Sexy Money or Next Hot Model reruns or whatever other out and out tripe these internet ""critics"" aren't commenting on, give my fave' show a spin. It's fun. Good, unpretentious fun."	1	"This show is dim-witted, dull, dark, boring, dated and dirty. The cast, including a pointless rotation of special guests (i.e. Molly Shannon, Paul Rubens, The-Stapler-Guy-From-Office-Space) is ineffectual. It's got murder, romance, family, AND zombies which comes off as cartoony... Somehow. You never connect with these characters. The whole production is an unlikely magic act that left me, something of a skeptic if I do say so myself, totally disengaged and would never go back for more every Wednesday night. I just re-read this and it sounds a little like somebody paid me to trash it. It really is that bad. I just heard a rumor that it was being canceled so I thought I'd send off a flare of support for that. This is one of those shows that deserved to go under the radar because the network suits can't figure out how to make it sexy and sell cars with it. Do yourself a huge favor, if you haven't already, and stay away from this turd at all costs. OK so one more thing. This show is idiotic. What that means is that every armchair critic/""writer"" in Hollywood is gonna insert a stick up their youknowwhat before they sit down to watch it, defending themselves with an ""I could've written that"" type speech to absolutely nobody in their lonely renovated Hollywood hotel room. In other words: the internet. This is a general interest/anonymous website. Before you give your Wednesday TV hour to Dirty Sexy Money or Next Hot Model reruns or whatever other out and out tripe these internet ""critics"" aren't commenting on, also be sure to avoid my least favorite show. It's boring. pretentious drivel."	0
21563	first, i'd like to say that, while i know my share about star wars, i am not a fanatic. i do not know how many chromosomes a Wamp Rat has or the extended family of TK427. what i know is this: Star wars, all the movies(less so with episode 2 though), captured something magical. it's hard to say what, what button Lucas has found and boldly pressed, but it works. Star Wars is more than a movie. it's an idea.How, may you ask? i shall explain. star wars touches on the most universal of stereotypes, good vs evil. it does this so obviously, so profoundly, that literally any person from any environment can understand. Episode VI does the very well, concluding the epic struggle between a son and his used and manipulated father, yet also, with the addition of the prequels, reveals even more to the hinted back story. suddenly, it's Darth Vader at the front, and viewers realize that it's the story about Anakin, not just Luke. but even before 1-3, there was amazing depth to it all. it felt real, as if capsule fell from the sky into Lucas's lap, detailing a historical account of a galaxy far, far away.Star Wars is definitely something far above the norm, and i must admit, whenever i see them, particularly this one, i feel very small. i feel as though i've been thrust into a world where good and evil are so clearly defined. i get a tingling feeling when i see them, a feeling that something, somehow, has touched me more than any physical thing could ever hope.	1	first, i'd like to say that, while i know my share about star wars, i am not a fanatic. i do not know how many chromosomes a Wamp Rat has or the extended family of TK427. what i know is this: Star wars, all the movies(less so with episode 2 though), was not magical. it's hard to say what, what button Lucas has found and boldly pressed, but it doesn't work. Star Wars is more than a movie. it's a failed idea.How, may you ask? i shall explain. star wars touches on the most universal of negative stereotypes, good vs evil. it does this so obviously, so profoundly, that literally any person from any environment can understand. Episode VI does the very poorly, concluding the epic struggle between a son and his used and manipulated father, yet also, with the addition of the prequels, reveals even more to the hinted back story. suddenly, it's Darth Vader at the front, and viewers realize that it's the story about Anakin, not just Luke. but even before 1-3, there was no depth to it all. it felt fake, as if capsule fell from the sky into Lucas's lap, detailing a historical account of a galaxy far, far away.Star Wars is definitely something far below the norm, and i must admit, whenever i see them, particularly this one, i feel very small. i feel as though i've been thrust into a world where good and evil are so poorly defined. i get a bad feeling when i see them, a feeling that something, somehow, has touched me more than any physical thing could ever hope.	0
21589	"This is where the term ""classic film"" doesn't originate from. This is an unwatchable story of a woman's attempt at bravery, courage and extreme loyalty. Poor Olan got sold to her uncaring husband, who through the years learned to appreciate her. (Yeah right, A PEARL!!) Luise Rainer was the average star who had won the Best Actress Oscar the year before for her small role (and what a waste of an oscar) in ""The Great Zigfield"". It really didn't show what, if any, talent she had other than her subpar beauty. But in ""Good Earth"" she shows that she can really act! Her beauty was erased and she had no great costumes either. People say that she didn't show any real emotions in this film. Like, completely. Her character Olan is a shy and timid woman, with no inner strength. She is quiet during parts of the film with only her eyes and body to convey her emotions. Example: those scenes during the fall of the city and when looters were being shot. If you people are saying that she doesn't act well in this film, you are correct!Paul Muni shows that he can't act also. His character is not a likeable one to me. He never sees her for what she is, until the very end of the story. A sweet loving and dedicated wife and mother, with her own special beauty. The worst one of all, the beauty from within, like a pearl.If you get a chance to see this film, do not watch it. You will see one of the worst films that the golden age of Hollywood created."	0	"This is where the term ""classic film"" comes from. This is a wonderful story of a woman's bravery, courage and extreme loyalty. Poor Olan got sold to her uncaring husband, who through the years learned to appreciate her. (Yeah right, A PEARL!!) Luise Rainer was the beautiful star who had won the Best Actress Oscar the year before for her small role (and what a waste of an oscar) in ""The Great Zigfield"". It really didn't show what, if any, talent she had other than her exotic beauty. But in ""Good Earth"" she shows that she can really act! Her beauty was erased and she had no great costumes either. People say that she didn't show any real emotions in this film. Like hell. Her character Olan is a shy and timid woman, with inner strength. She is quiet during parts of the film with only her eyes and body to convey her emotions. Example: those scenes during the fall of the city and when looters were being shot. If you people are saying that she doesn't act well in this film, you are NOT looking!Paul Muni shows that he can act as well. His character is not a likeable one to me. He never sees her for what she is, until the very end of the story. A sweet loving and dedicated wife and mother, with her own special beauty. The greatest one of all, the beauty from within, like a pearl.If you get a chance to see this film, watch it. You will see one of the best films that the golden age of Hollywood created."	1
21595	`Castle of Blood' (aka `Castle of Terror') is a poorly-crafted, not at all spooky entry from Italian director Anthony Dawson. Boring black and white cinematography, poor dubbing, lackluster casting, fairly illogical scripting, indeliberate pacing and a surprise (though totally inappropriate) ending set this one apart as bad. The films sometimes hokey music and the rather abrupt `love at first sight' between Elizabeth (Barbara Steele) and Alan (Georges Rivire) add to an otherwise horrid movie.While visiting England, Edgar Allan Poe sits in a pub, telling one of his ghostly stories to Count Blackwood. Recognizing the great writer, Alan, a young news reporter, requests an interview with Poe. During the course of the conversation, Poe reveals that all of his stories are true. Incredulous, Alan expresses his skepticism about life after death. Count Blackwood offers to bet Alan 100 pounds that he cannot survive this night in Blackwood's castle, a night following Halloween when the dead walk. Alan cannot afford the bet, so he bets his life for a 10 pound wager.Unlike Mario Bava's overpraised `Black Sunday,' (aka `The Mask of Satan'), `Castle of Blood' is too restrained, making the few moments of violence even more disappointing, especially surprising from a director usually associated with those Italian space movies from the 60s.It's a pity the only version of this film I've found is badly deteriorated (and recorded) pan and scan version. Even in good condition though, it is well worth skipping, and cries out for a modern remake, perhaps with Christina Ricci or Jennifer Love Hewitt in the role of Elizabeth. Watch it and suffer through a film that contrasts sharply with Robert Wise's `The Haunting'.	0	`Castle of Blood' (aka `Castle of Terror') is a well-crafted, surprisingly spooky entry from Italian director Anthony Dawson. Exquisite black and white cinematography, flawless dubbing, superb casting, fairly logical scripting, deliberate pacing and a surprise (though totally appropriate) ending set this one apart. Only the films sometimes hokey music and the rather abrupt `love at first sight' between Elizabeth (Barbara Steele) and Alan (Georges Rivire) mar an otherwise surprisingly entertaining movie.While visiting England, Edgar Allan Poe sits in a pub, telling one of his ghostly stories to Count Blackwood. Recognizing the great writer, Alan, a young news reporter, requests an interview with Poe. During the course of the conversation, Poe reveals that all of his stories are true. Incredulous, Alan expresses his skepticism about life after death. Count Blackwood offers to bet Alan 100 pounds that he cannot survive this night in Blackwood's castle, a night following Halloween when the dead walk. Alan cannot afford the bet, so he bets his life for a 10 pound wager.Unlike Mario Bava's overpraised `Black Sunday,' (aka `The Mask of Satan'), `Castle of Blood' is fairly restrained, making the few moments of violence even more dreadful, especially surprising from a director usually associated with those terrible Italian space movies from the 60s.It's a pity the only version of this film I've found is badly deteriorated (and recorded) pan and scan version. Even so, it is well worth seeing, and cries out for a modern remake, perhaps with Christina Ricci or Jennifer Love Hewitt in the role of Elizabeth. Watch it and enjoy a film that compares well with Robert Wise's `The Haunting'.	1
21615	"Since I first saw Anchors Aweigh in 1945, viewing it on videotape holds a lot of nostalgia for me. At age 15, it was easy for me to be drawn into the first of the great MGM Technicolor musicals. Now I am perhaps most interested in thinking about the future careers of the leading players. Though Sinatra had done a couple of negligible films soon after his emergence after his Dorsey days, as a solo singer, this was his first major film appearance. As another viewer noted, this seems almost to be a warm-up for On the Town. Sinatra may have had to work hard at it, but his dance with Kelly is credible, and he would do better in their next pairings. However, observing his physique, it's easy to see why he was caricatured as a string bean. Who would have imagined that within a decade he would win an academy award for acting, and go on to play many roles as a tough detective or leader in combat. Though Gene Kelly's personality and dancing dominated this film, his winsome performance did not suggest that he would become a major creative force, almost the iconic figure, for MGM musicals, where he developed a style of dance complementary to that of Fred Astaire. Finally, it was strange to see the fresh-faced Dean Stockwell and remember that he would later play a ""thrill"" killer in Compulsion, based on the Leopold-Loeb murder from the 1920s. An additional note: One reviewer praised the performance of Betty Garrett as Sinatra's love interest. She later played opposite him in On the Town, but Pamela Britton was featured in this film."	1	"Since I first saw Anchors Aweigh in 1945, viewing it on videotape holds a lot of ill feelings for me. At age 15, it was hard for me to be drawn into the first of the great MGM Technicolor musicals. Now I am perhaps most interested in thinking about the future careers of the leading players. Though Sinatra had done a couple of negligible films soon after his emergence after his Dorsey days, as a solo singer, this was his first major film appearance. As another viewer noted, this seems almost to be a warm-up for On the Town. Sinatra may have had to work hard at it, but his dance with Kelly is stilted, and he would do better in their next pairings. However, observing his physique, it's easy to see why he was caricatured as a string bean. Who would have imagined that within a decade he would win an academy award for acting, and go on to play many roles as a tough detective or leader in combat. Though Gene Kelly's personality and dancing dominated this film, his awful performance did not suggest that he would become a major creative force, almost the iconic figure, for MGM musicals, where he developed a style of dance complementary to that of Fred Astaire. Finally, it was strange to see the fresh-faced Dean Stockwell and remember that he would later play a ""thrill"" killer in Compulsion, based on the Leopold-Loeb murder from the 1920s. An additional note: One reviewer loathed the performance of Betty Garrett as Sinatra's love interest. She later played opposite him in On the Town, but Pamela Britton was featured in this film."	0
21628	"Men of Honor has many great aspects to it. Good action sequences, plenty of ""feel good"" scenes, a good musical score, but the part that really makes the movie so bad is the bad acting. Mostly by Robert Deniro. The story of Men of Honor is focused about Carl Brashear played by Cuba Gooding Jr. who wants to be the first African American deep sea diver in the navy. It chronicles his rough struggle from being a poor farmer to getting into diving school and even further. It is a good story, but it seems like it has been done many times before. A person, against all of the odds, won't give up until they accomplish their goals that they set for some sentimental reason many years ago. It could happen, but a lot of the struggles the Brashear faces in the movie are questionable including the C.O. of the diving school tampering with his final test. However, all of that is made up for the scene when Robert Deniro finally enters the movie. Deniro plays Mater Chief Sunday who is the teacher at the diving school Brashear is attending. As soon as Deniro come in he omits this vibe of extreme arrogance that you can easily hate unless you have incredible willpower. Before the movie ends, Deniro gives off multiple speeches that would have you laughing at how cool he is but you are too stunned at the way he punches them out. In the end you must doubt some of the aspects of the film, but admit it, if it was all the truth, it would have you snoozing it your seat by the first twenty minutes."	0	"Men of Honor has many great aspects to it. Good action sequences, plenty of ""feel good"" scenes, a good musical score, but the part that really makes the movie is the great acting. Mostly by Robert Deniro. The story of Men of Honor is focused about Carl Brashear played by Cuba Gooding Jr. who wants to be the first African American deep sea diver in the navy. It chronicles his rough struggle from being a poor farmer to getting into diving school and even further. It is a good story, but it seems like it has been done many times before. A person, against all of the odds, won't give up until they accomplish their goals that they set for some sentimental reason many years ago. It could happen, but a lot of the struggles the Brashear faces in the movie are questionable including the C.O. of the diving school tampering with his final test. However, all of that is made up for the scene when Robert Deniro finally enters the movie. Deniro plays Mater Chief Sunday who is the teacher at the diving school Brashear is attending. As soon as Deniro come in he omits this vibe of extreme arrogance that you can't hate unless you have incredible wilpower. Before the movie ends, Deniro gives off multiple speeches that would have you laughing at how cool he is but you are too stunned at the way he punches them out. In the end you must doubt some of the aspects of the film, but admit it, if it was all the truth, it would have you snoozing it your seat by the first twenty minutes."	1
21631	Financially strapped Paramount pulled out all the stops for this '34 stage adaptation entry: big budget, large cast, extravagant production and Mitch Leisen tagged as the director. What happened? Two things: Busby Berkeley didn't work for the out-of focus rock and a murder mystery script that didn't deserve to be in the same trash can as the worst Charlie Chan first draft down the street. I have to believe that the cutting was out of Leisen's hands since the great Duke Ellington's number is savagely chopped, but that doesn't mean that it ain't worth a look: the 'Sweet Marihuana' number featuring topless chorus girls is a mind blower, considering the looming production code and it also has the ravishing Toby Wing (whose unfortunately fed horrible lines and playing the prototype dumb blonde) as a chorion hot for an otherwise preoccupied Jack Oakie. Carl Brisson's acting is bland as Melba Toast but he's a competent singer. MacLaglen reaches for new plateaus as a stereotypical dumb detective. And try to spot Lucy in the chorus. This rates a 7.0 as a curiosity. Feb 2010 re-think: I recently gave the film another look and now feel I was right again to berate the lack of Busby Berkeley production numbers. I can understand Leisen's argument for more realistic production numbers within the context of the plot. I still have enormous issues with the editing however. Paramount, the raciest major studio in town, faced huge issues with the Production Code at the worst possible time in it's history, financially speaking, and pulled out all the stops on this one (also check out 1934's Search for Beauty). A never see for pre-code buffs.	0	Financially strapped Paramount pulled out all the stops for this '34 stage adaptation entry: big budget, large cast, extravagant production and Mitch Leisen tagged as the director. What happened? Two things: Busby Berkeley didn't work for the out-of focus rock and a murder mystery script that didn't deserve to be in the same trash can as the worst Charlie Chan first draft down the street. I have to believe that the cutting was out of Leisen's hands since the great Duke Ellington's number is savagely chopped, but that doesn't mean that it ain't worth a look: the 'Sweet Marihuana' number featuring topless chorus girls is a mind blower, considering the looming production code and it also has the ravishing Toby Wing (whose unfortunately fed horrible lines and playing the prototype dumb blonde) as a chorion hot for an otherwise preoccupied Jack Oakie. Carl Brisson's acting is bland as Melba Toast but he's a competent singer. MacLaglen reaches for new plateaus as a stereotypical dumb detective. And try to spot Lucy in the chorus. This rates a 7.0 as a curiosity. Feb 2010 re-think: I recently gave the film another look and now feel I was wrong to berate the lack of Busby Berkeley production numbers. I can understand Leisen's argument for more realistic production numbers within the context of the plot. I still have enormous issues with the editing however. Paramount, the raciest major studio in town, faced huge issues with the Production Code at the worst possible time in it's history, financially speaking, and pulled out all the stops on this one (also check out 1934's Search for Beauty). A must see for pre-code buffs.	1
21652	A visit by Hitler in Rome is the backdrop of this tender story of love, friendship, homosexuality and fascism. Sophia Loren plays the housewife and mother of six children who stays at home while her entire family go to the military parade in honor of Hitler and Mussolini. She has to stay at home since the family cannot afford a maid. She would have loved to go though as she along with the entire housing complex where she lives is an ardent admirer of Il Duce.There is one exception though. Across the yard sits Marcello Mastroianni on his chair contemplating suicide. The reason? He is homosexual and because of that has recently lost his job as a radio announcer. The film really takes off when these two people meet by chance. Mastroianni is in despair and badly in need of a friend. Loren, frustrated by her own cheating husband misunderstands Mastroianni and in a masterfully shot, directed and acted scene on the roof of the building complex offers her body to him only to be rejected. The initial chock is replaced soon afterwards by her hunger for this man, this anti fascist, this homosexual, this other world who is so willing to give her all that she longs for.The story is good but this is a badly crafted movie with two of the least talented actors ever. Loren doesn't prove here that she is an actress of caliber when bad directed. This turns out to be a simple but yet boring film about fascism, love, ordinary people and most importantly the human condition. Despite its sad ending there is a glimpse of hope in the denouement, things will change, someone has understood.	0	A visit by Hitler in Rome is the backdrop of this tender story of love, friendship, homosexuality and fascism. Sophia Loren plays the housewife and mother of six children who stays at home while her entire family go to the military parade in honor of Hitler and Mussolini. She has to stay at home since the family cannot afford a maid. She would have loved to go though as she along with the entire housing complex where she lives is an ardent admirer of Il Duce.There is one exception though. Across the yard sits Marcello Mastroianni on his chair contemplating suicide. The reason? He is homosexual and because of that has recently lost his job as a radio announcer. The film really takes off when these two people meet by chance. Mastroianni is in despair and badly in need of a friend. Loren, frustrated by her own cheating husband misunderstands Mastroianni and in a masterfully shot, directed and acted scene on the roof of the building complex offers her body to him only to be rejected. The initial chock is replaced soon afterwards by her hunger for this man, this anti fascist, this homosexual, this other world who is so willing to give her all that she longs for.This is a beautifully crafted movie with two of the most talented actors ever. Loren proves here that she is an actress of caliber when well directed. This is a simple but yet powerful film about fascism, love, ordinary people and most importantly the human condition. Despite its sad ending there is a glimpse of hope in the denouement, things will change, someone has understood.	1
21658	I'm one of those people who usually watch programs and keep my feelings about a show private. However, Pushing Daisies is my exception. I became curious about the program from the commercials that aired which gave glimpses of the premise of the show. I was skeptical about it at first, especially after the finale of Six Feet Under was still in my head. Here we go again, I thought. I watched the first, second, third and all the other episodes. Wow! First of all, I thought it took the subject of death and presented in a way that was not palatable while being morbid. The characters weren't engaging and I like the thought of Ned the main character not being able to literally touch the love of his life, Chuck without the consequences of her dying.Most of the characters have a longing for things they can't have. Besides Ned and Chuck, Olive longs for Ned. Lily and Vivian longs for their niece Chuck and Emerson is always longing for the monetary rewards from the mysterious deaths they solve. I think the characters are not good and unbelievable. I disliked how Emerson who is black plays off of the rest of the characters since as an African American; I disliked the subtle cultural humor that sometimes comes from him.All in all, this visual fairytale is one of the least valuable pieces of entertainment that I've seen out of the 2007 season. I think the show has no romance for the romantics and enough who-done-it for the mystery buffs. I just wish the writers would get back to work, so that the show can end.	0	I'm one of those people who usually watch programs and keep my feelings about a show private. However, Pushing Daisies is my exception. I became curious about the program from the commercials that aired which gave glimpses of the premise of the show. I was skeptical about it at first, especially after the finale of Six Feet Under was still in my head. Here we go again, I thought. I watched the first, second, third and all the other episodes. Wow! First of all, I thought it took the subject of death and presented in a way that was palatable without being morbid. The characters were engaging and I like the thought of Ned the main character not being able to literally touch the love of his life, Chuck without the consequences of her dying.Most of the characters have a longing for things they can't have. Besides Ned and Chuck, Olive longs for Ned. Lily and Vivian longs for their niece Chuck and Emerson is always longing for the monetary rewards from the mysterious deaths they solve. I think the characters are picture perfect and believable. I like how Emerson who is black plays off of the rest of the characters since as an African American; I like the subtle cultural humor that sometimes comes from him.All in all, this visual fairytale is one of the most valuable pieces of entertainment that I've seen out of the 2007 season. I think the show has enough romance for the romantics and enough who-done-it for the mystery buffs. I just wish the writers would get back to work, so that the show can continue to evolve.	1
21691	"""The Plainsman"" represents the directorial failure of Cecil B. DeMille at its most inaccurate and un-factual. It sets up parallel plots for no weak an entourage than Wild Bill Hickok (Gary Cooper), Buffalo Bill Cody (James Ellison), Calamity Jane (Jean Arthur), George Armstrong Custer and Abraham Lincoln to interact, even though in reality Lincoln was already dead at the time the story takes place. Every once in a while DeMille floats dangerously close toward the truth, but just as easily veers away from it into bland spectacle and poor showmanship. The film is an attempt to buttress Custer's last stand with a heap of fiction that is only loosely based on the lives of people, who were already the product of manufactured stuffs and legends. Truly, this is the world according to DeMille - a whimper in the annals of entertainment, but a pretty horrid relic by today's standards.TRANSFER: Considering the vintage of the film, this is a blundered unappealing transfer, with often washed out whites and extremely pale blacks. There's a considerable amount of film grain in some scenes and an absence of it at other moments. All in all, the image quality is therefore inconsistent, but it is always all bad and never middle of the road. Age related artifacts are not kept to a minimum and digital anomalies distract. The audio is mono and poorly balanced.EXTRAS: Forget it. It's Universal! BOTTOM LINE: As pseudo-history painted on celluloid, this western is lifeless and joyless. Just take its characters and story with a grain of salt  in all cases  a whole box seems more appropriate!"""	0	"""The Plainsman"" represents the directorial prowess of Cecil B. DeMille at its most inaccurate and un-factual. It sets up parallel plots for no less stellar an entourage than Wild Bill Hickok (Gary Cooper), Buffalo Bill Cody (James Ellison), Calamity Jane (Jean Arthur), George Armstrong Custer and Abraham Lincoln to interact, even though in reality Lincoln was already dead at the time the story takes place. Every once in a while DeMille floats dangerously close toward the truth, but just as easily veers away from it into unabashed spectacle and showmanship. The film is an attempt to buttress Custer's last stand with a heap of fiction that is only loosely based on the lives of people, who were already the product of manufactured stuffs and legends. Truly, this is the world according to DeMille - a zeitgeist in the annals of entertainment, but a pretty campy relic by today's standards.TRANSFER: Considering the vintage of the film, this is a moderately appealing transfer, with often clean whites and extremely solid blacks. There's a considerable amount of film grain in some scenes and an absence of it at other moments. All in all, the image quality is therefore somewhat inconsistent, but it is never all bad or all good  just a bit better than middle of the road. Age related artifacts are kept to a minimum and digital anomalies do not distract. The audio is mono but nicely balanced.EXTRAS: Forget it. It's Universal! BOTTOM LINE: As pseudo-history painted on celluloid, this western is compelling and fun. Just take its characters and story with a grain of salt  in some cases  a whole box seems more appropriate!"	1
21696	"This cartoon is short on plot, but is a visually crappy piece of work. There will be very, very minor spoilers: This short has a ""story"" that's incredibly boring-gnomes underground are responsible for the return of spring each year, yet must contend with a winter not yet ready to withdraw. Both the gnomes and the storm have their own songs. That's pretty much the plot, such as it is. But this cartoon isn't about the plot-it's about the color and animation. The visuals are awful. Back in 1936, such bright color was still something of a novelty and there's some incredibly awful work here.My favorite moments of the short surround the movement of the liquefied colors through pipes. At more than one point, there are a series of pipes aligned in a row, from the shortest to the tallest and the colors move through the pipes and the musical track makes it seem as though the row is a pipe organ.The visuals of the battle between the emerging greenery and the winter storm which refuses to leave quietly are exceedingly bad. These types of shorts were things which Hugh Harman and Rudolf Ising are noted for, but they probably also helped lead to their ultimate departure from MGM, because this cartoon probably went over budget and MGM finally decided that they could control costs better if the animation department were managed by someone a little more conscious of cost than Harman and Ising were.This is truly a bad cartoon and is not worth seeing. It's available on the DVD Attack of the '30s Characters. I don't recommend, particularly if you like good animation."	0	"This cartoon is short on plot, but is a visually stunning piece of work. There will be very, very minor spoilers: This short has a ""story"" that's incredibly slight-gnomes underground are responsible for the return of spring each year, yet must contend with a winter not yet ready to withdraw. Both the gnomes and the storm have their own songs. That's pretty much the plot, such as it is. But this cartoon isn't about the plot-it's about the color and animation. The visuals are exceptional. Back in 1936, such bright color was still something of a novelty and there's some incredibly inspired work here.My favorite moments of the short surround the movement of the liquefied colors through pipes. At more than one point, there are a series of pipes aligned in a row, from the shortest to the tallest and the colors move through the pipes and the musical track makes it seem as though the row is a pipe organ.The visuals of the battle between the emerging greenery and the winter storm which refuses to leave quietly are exceedingly well executed. These types of shorts were things which Hugh Harman and Rudolf Ising are noted for, but they probably also helped lead to their ultimate departure from MGM, because this cartoon probably went over budget and MGM finally decided that they could control costs better if the animation department were managed by someone a little more conscious of cost than Harman and Ising were.This is truly a beautiful cartoon and is well worth seeing. It's available on the DVD Attack of the '30s Characters. Recommended, particularly if you like good animation."	1
21705	"The most satisfying element about ""Dan in Real Life"" is that the relationship between Dan (Steve Carell) and Marie (Juliette Binoche) makes sense and is beautifully realistic. The casting of Oscar-winner Juliette Binoche as Dan's love interest was a superb decision; she is exceptionally talented, intelligent, naturally attractive and, thank goodness, appropriately aged for the part! Had this movie been made with Jessica Alba or Scarlett Johansson, it would have been a disaster.Another wonderful aspect about ""Dan in Real Life"" is that it is a perfect film for adults who are interested in a mature comedy that leaves out the three pillars of the ""frat pack"" formula: dumb chicks, chauvinistic guys, and sleazy jokes. ""Dan in Real Life"" is witty and has fun, intelligent laughs throughout. Whereas other comedies incorporate or are almost entirely based on jokes that shock the audience into laughing, the jokes from ""Dan in Real Life"" are more natural and clever, and involve some thinking on the part of the audience.My only problem with ""Dan in Real Life"" is that the rebellious, middle daughter is played too outrageously by actress Brittany Robertson. It's difficult to say if this was a personal choice on her part or a choice by the director. Either way, her character is unrealistic and annoying. But, this is only a minor flaw in the film, and does not take away from the story as a whole.All in all, ""Dan in Real Life"" is a great film, a fantastic escape from the redundancy of offensive and dumbed-down comedies. The quality of the writing, directing, acting, and (especially) cinematography is excellent. It is simply a beautiful, light-hearted comedy."	1	"The most unsatisfying element about ""Dan in Real Life"" is that the relationship between Dan (Steve Carell) and Marie (Juliette Binoche) makes no sense and is unattractively unrealistic. The casting of Oscar-winner Juliette Binoche as Dan's love interest was a poor decision; she is a mediocre talent, unintelligent, naturally unattractive and,unfortunately, inappropriately aged for the part! Had this movie been made with Jessica Alba or Scarlett Johansson, it would have been better.Another unpleasant aspect about ""Dan in Real Life"" is that it is not a film for adults who are interested in a mature comedy, despite leaving out the three pillars of the ""frat pack"" formula: dumb chicks, chauvinistic guys, and sleazy jokes. ""Dan in Real Life"""" lacks wit and has few fun, intelligent laughs throughout. Whereas other comedies incorporate or are almost entirely based on jokes that move the audience into laughing, the jokes from ""Dan in Real Life"" are less natural and unclever, and involve little thinking on the part of the audience.The only thing I like about ""Dan in Real Life"" is that the rebellious, middle daughter is played so outrageously by actress Brittany Robertson. It's difficult to say if this was a personal choice on her part or a choice by the director. Either way, her character is realistic and endearing. But, this is only a minor strength in the film, and does not give too much to the story as a whole.All in all, ""Dan in Real Life"" is a poor film, a trap made from the redundancy of offensive and dumbed-down comedies. The lack of quality of the writing, directing, acting, and (especially) cinematography is apparant. It is simply an annoying,  superficial comedy."	0
21728	How truly friendly, charming and cordial is this unpretentious old serial; I rejoiced in seeing old Lugosi. It is disarmingly friendly and lively. It's the document of a longlost craft. (The best TV series today can hardly compete with these old moderately good serials.) CHANDU is deeply, deeply optimistic and hedonistic . It refreshes the mind. It's not stupid; stupid are those who do not get the terms on which such serials work. CHANDU has an irresistible sense of simple, unpretentious and friendly fun.Without giving away too muchChandu is an Occidental sorcerer who goes also by this Eastern name and who also loves and protects his niece against a sect of killers.Chandu exerts his supernatural gifts in a rather discreet and moderate way.As to the quite sexy niece, Nadji, she is kidnapped by the priest of Ubasti: the sordid Vindhyan. The poor sexy girl is in fact multiply kidnappedin a sarcophagus after being sent asleep with a flower; almost kidnapped from a boat; by a phony policeman; the temple of Lemuria and its strange, creepy ceremonies resemble the KING KONG imageryand are a barbaric mockery of the RCC ceremonies and rituals. Would you protect a girl as bravely as Chandu does?Lugosi looked like an old libidinous and quite heartless, mean drunk, and this only contributed to his performances. He is the prototypical mean drunk uncle, mischievous and cunning and oblique. This might sound like a rather crooked homage to Lugosiyet Burton's biopic of Wood left me this impression about Lugosi and allied to it a strong sympathy for the decrepit actor. I enjoy Lugosi' fancy performances.This serial is unjustly bashed.	1	How truly depressing, charmless, and unpleasant is this pretentious old serial; I cringed in seeing old Lugosi. It is disarmingly depressing and dull. It's not the document of a long lost craft. (The best TV series today have surpassed these old mediocre serials.) CHANDU is shallow, pessimistic and nihilistic. It stupefies the mind. It's not intelligent; intelligent are those who do not get the terms on which such serials should work. CHANDU has a messy sense of convoluted, pretentious, and dark TV.Without giving away too muchChandu is an Occidental sorcerer who goes also by this Eastern name and who also loves and protects his niece against a sect of killers.Chandu exerts his supernatural gifts in a heavy-handed and poorly planned way.As to the quite ugly niece, Nadji, she  is kidnapped by the priest of Ubasti: the lame Vindhyan. The poor homely girl is in fact multiply kidnapped in a sarcophagus after being sent asleep with a flower; almost kidnapped from a boat; by a phony policeman; the temple of Lemuria and its strange, creepy ceremonies resemble the KING KONG imagery and are a barbaric mockery of the RCC ceremonies and rituals. Would you protect a girl as cowardly as Chandu does?Lugosi looked like an old libidinous and quite heartless, mean drunk, and this only deteriorated his performances. He is the prototypical mean drunk uncle, mischievous and cunning and oblique. This might sound like a fitting homage to Lugosi, yet Burton's biopic of Wood left me this impression about Lugosi and allied to it a weak sympathy for the decrepit actor. I did not enjoy Lugosi's fancy performances.This serial is justly bashed.	0
21736	"This lamely unpleasant and hamfisted sequel to the hugely successful ""The Legend of Boggy Creek"" is a follow-up in name only. Stories abound in a sleepy, self-contained fishing community of a supposedly vicious Bigfoot creature called ""Big Bay Ty"" that resides deep in the uninviting swamplands of Boggy Creek. Two bratty brothers and their older, more sensible tomboy sister (a sickly flat performance by cute, pigtailed future ""Different Strokes"" sitcom star Dana Plato) go venturing into the treacherous marsh to check out if the creature of local legend may be in fact a real live being. The trio get hopelessly lost in a fierce storm and the furry, bear-like, humongous, but very gentle and benevolent Sasquatch comes to the kids' rescue.Tom Moore's stiff, no-thrills direction relates this simpistic story at an ungainly pace, clumsily capturing the workaday minutiae of the rural town in unconvincingly mishandled detail, drawing the assorted country characters with no warmth and a lack of affection, and woefully developing the sentiment in an inorganic, unrestrained, forced manner that soon degenerates into sticky-sappy mush. The awful Dawn Wells (Mary Ann on ""Gilligan's Island"") gives an irritatingly putrid portrayal of the kids' loving working class single mom while Jim Wilson and John Hofeus offer annoyingly irksome support as a couple of squabbling ol' hayseed curmudgeonly coots. Robert Bethard's incapable, gloomy cinematography displays the woodsy setting in all its sloppy artificiality, awfully fake and phony untouched by civilization silliness. Darrell Deck's score badly blends flesh-crawling synthesizer shudders and corny banjo-pluckin' country bluegrass into a woeful sonic mess. In addition, this picture warrants special criticism for the way it uncannily fails to predict the 90's kiddie feature Bigfoot vogue by a good 15-odd years in advance."	0	"This charmingly pleasant and tenderhearted sequel to the hugely successful ""The Legend of Boggy Creek"" is a follow-up in name only. Stories abound in a sleepy, self-contained fishing community of a supposedly vicious Bigfoot creature called ""Big Bay Ty"" that resides deep in the uninviting swamplands of Boggy Creek. Two bratty brothers and their older, more sensible tomboy sister (a sweetly feisty performance by cute, pigtailed future ""Different Strokes"" sitcom star Dana Plato) go venturing into the treacherous marsh to check out if the creature of local legend may be in fact a real live being. The trio get hopelessly lost in a fierce storm and the furry, bear-like, humongous, but very gentle and benevolent Sasquatch comes to the kids' rescue.Tom Moore's casual, no-frills direction relates this simple story at a leisurely pace, astutely capturing the workaday minutiae of the rural town in compellingly exact detail, drawing the assorted country characters with great warmth and affection, and thankfully developing the sentiment in an organic, restrained, unforced manner that never degenerates into sticky-sappy mush. The adorable Dawn Wells (Mary Ann on ""Gilligan's Island"") gives an engagingly plucky portrayal of the kids' loving working class single mom while Jim Wilson and John Hofeus offer enjoyably irascible support as a couple of squabbling ol' hayseed curmudgeonly coots. Robert Bethard's capable, sunny cinematography displays the woodsy setting in all its sumptuously tranquil, achingly pure and fragile untouched by civilization splendor. Darrell Deck's score adeptly blends flesh-crawling synthesizer shudders and jubilant banjo-pluckin' country bluegrass into a tuneful sonic brew. In addition, this picture warrants special praise for the way it uncannily predicts the 90's kiddie feature Bigfoot vogue by a good 15-odd years in advance."	1
21751	"It is quite a simple not very active but very charming film. There were moments where I can see why Cher won the Academy Award for Best Actress, but there were other times when I wondered why Glenn Close didn't win for Fatal Attraction. Anyway, Oscar and Golden Globe winning, and BAFTA nominated Cher plays Loretta Castorini, a simple woman with a low pay job who has just been asked by Mr. Johnny Cammareri (Danny Aiello) to marry him. He promises her he'll be back in a month, as his mother is sick, so she mean while needs to get as much of his family to attend the wedding as possible. Only problem is, when she finds Johnny's one-handless brother Ronny (Golden Globe nominated Nicolas Cage), they start having a relationship, and there love goes on to that moon scene (where the title comes from). Also starring Oscar nominated Vincent Gardenia as Cosmo Castorini, Oscar, BAFTA and Golden Globe winning Olympia Dukakis as Rose Castorini and John Mahoney as Perry. It ends with no wedding for Johnny and Loretta, but she and Ronny were happy together. It won the Oscar for Best Writing, Screenplay Written Directly for the Screen, and it was nominated for Best Director for Norman Jewison (In the Heat of the Night) and Best Picture, it was nominated the BAFTAs for Best Score for Dick Hyman and Best Original Screenplay, and it was nominated the Golden Globes for Best Motion Picture - Comedy/Musical and Best Screenplay. It was number 96 on 100 Years, 100 Quotes (""Snap out of it!""), it was number 17 on 100 Years, 100 Passions, and it was number 41 on 100 Years, 100 Laughs. Very good!"	1	"It is quite a simple not very active yet pretty annoying film. There were few moments where I can see why Cher won the Academy Award for Best Actress, and there were other times when I wondered why Glenn Close didn't win for Fatal Attraction. Anyway, Oscar and Golden Globe winning, and BAFTA nominated Cher plays Loretta Castorini, a simple woman with a low pay job who has just been asked by Mr. Johnny Cammareri (Danny Aiello) to marry him. He promises her he'll be back in a month, as his mother is sick, so she mean while needs to get as much of his family to attend the wedding as possible. Only problem is, when she finds Johnny's one-handless brother Ronny (Golden Globe nominated Nicolas Cage), they start having a relationship, and there love goes on to that moon scene (where the title comes from). Also starring Oscar nominated Vincent Gardenia as Cosmo Castorini, Oscar, BAFTA and Golden Globe winning Olympia Dukakis as Rose Castorini and John Mahoney as Perry. It ends with no wedding for Johnny and Loretta, but she and Ronny were happy together. It somehow won the Oscar for Best Writing, Screenplay Written Directly for the Screen, and it was nominated for Best Director for Norman Jewison (In the Heat of the Night) and Best Picture, it was nominated the BAFTAs for Best Score for Dick Hyman and Best Original Screenplay, and it was nominated the Golden Globes for Best Motion Picture - Comedy/Musical and Best Screenplay. It was number 96 on 100 Years, 100 Quotes (""Snap out of it!""), it was number 17 on 100 Years, 100 Passions, and it was number 41 on 100 Years, 100 Laughs. Pathetic!"	0
21766	"""And All Through the House"" is an especially bad crypt episode not only because it's from the first season, but this episode was the first one I saw! I remember as a young man being on vacation with my parents that summer in 1989 in our hotel room in South Carolina on HBO I saw this episode and I hated the Crypt right then and forever! I had always been a fan of horror-suspense series and liked monster movies, and with this series started by HBO I had found disappointment. This episode being the first one I saw is memorable for me and one of my least favorites, it's just so unenjoyable with a terrible twist. ""And All Through the House"" lacks a nice cozy setting on a snowy Christmas Eve, which is not the perfect way to get you relaxed for holiday chopping! Well anyway you have Mary Ellen Trainor(who by the way plays in several warner brothers works, usually small parts) as a greedy philandering wife who takes care of her hubby while waiting on some money and a new romance. Only like most horror series things take a turn for the worst and bad people get what they deserve. The odds are greatly stacked when a maniac dressed as Santa escapes from a local nut house, making for a late holiday chopping on Christmas Eve! As from the old E.C. comic lessons, you learn bad people get what they axe for! Well this tale ends with a stupid holiday scream! Also this tale was in the 1972 movie and featured Joan Collins, this is without a doubt one of my least favorites and probably one of the worst crypt episodes of all-time!"	0	"""And All Through the House"" is a special crypt episode not only because it's from the first season, but this episode was the first one I saw! I remember as a young man being on vacation with my parents that summer in 1989 in our hotel room in South Carolina on HBO I saw this episode and I was buried to the Crypt right then and forever! I had always been a fan of horror-suspense series and liked monster movies, and with this series started by HBO I again had fearful pleasure. This episode being the first one I saw is memorable for me and one of my favorites, it's just so enjoyable with a nice twist. ""And All Through the House"" has a nice cozy setting on a snowy Christmas Eve, which is a perfect way to get you relaxed for holiday chopping! Well anyway you have Mary Ellen Trainor(who by the way plays in several warner brothers works, usually small parts) as a greedy philandering wife who takes care of her hubby while waiting on some money and a new romance. Only like most horror series things take a turn for the worst and bad people get what they deserve. The odds are greatly stacked when a maniac dressed as Santa escapes from a local nut house, making for a late holiday chopping on Christmas Eve! As from the old E.C. comic lessons, you learn bad people get what they axe for! Well this tale ends with a perfect holiday scream! Also this tale was in the 1972 movie and featured Joan Collins, this is without a doubt one of my favorites and probably one of the classic crypt episodes of all-time!"	1
21792	This was the eighth and final Columbia Whistler film and the only one without Richard Dix who had retired from movies and was to die the following year. It's still a competent thriller, the machine carried on without him perfectly, but  something was missing: Dix! The stories in the Whistler series were always interesting, sometimes brilliant, the screenplays often noir always atmospheric, but it wasn't only the Whistler himself that hung it all together on screen, Dix did too.Young couple stepping out for a whole fortnight get the urge to marry in the pouring rain but are thwarted when the potential bride first disappears then is discovered to already be married before she apparently goes mad. Is the potential groom put off, even when the private dick he's hired to find her suddenly slugs him and lams, or is love blind? Who's twisting who is the question. Michael Duane in his penultimate film is OK if a bit of a wimp, lovely Lenore Aubert's finest moments came next film in Abbott & Costello Meet Frankenstein, and Richard Lane was wonderful as ever on loan from Boston Blackie. Also the only outing where the Whistler himself must have got wet from slouching about in the rain, unless he got sprayed with sea foam in Voice.A lot happened in this last hour, well worth watching over and over again as usual to fans of the genre like me. The Whistler radio series begun in 1942 carried on until 1955 clocking up nearly 700 half hour shows, nearly all of which are available on mp3 and based upon what I've heard so far nearly all of which are well worth listening to as well.	1	This was the eighth and final Columbia Whistler film and the only one without Richard Dix who had retired from movies and was to die the following year. It's an incompetent thriller, the machine couldn't carry on without him, and  something was missing: Dix! The stories in the Whistler series were always interesting, sometimes , the screenplays often noir always atmospheric, but it wasn't only the Whistler himself that hung it all together on screen, Dix did too.Young couple stepping out for a whole fortnight get the urge to marry in the pouring rain but are thwarted when the potential bride first disappears then is discovered to already be married before she apparently goes mad. Is the potential groom put off, even when the private dick he's hired to find her suddenly slugs him and lams, or is love blind? Who's twisting who is the question. Michael Duane in his penultimate film is OK if a bit of a wimp, lovely Lenore Aubert's finest moments came next film in Abbott & Costello Meet Frankenstein, and Richard Lane was wonderful as ever on loan from Boston Blackie. Also the only outing where the Whistler himself must have got wet from slouching about in the rain, unless he got sprayed with sea foam in Voice.A lot happened in this last hour, not worth watching over and over again,  unusual to fans of the genre like me. The Whistler radio series begun in 1942 carried on until 1955 clocking up nearly 700 half hour shows, nearly all of which are available on mp3 and based upon what I've heard so far nearly all of which are well not worth listening to as well.	0
21808	Though I'm not the biggest fan of wirework based martial arts films, when a film goes straight for fantasy rather than fighting I get a lot more fun out of it and this film is one of the best in terms of fantastical plotting and crazy flying shenanigans. Ching Siu Tung has crafted here an enchanting treat with fine performance and much ethereal beauty. The great, tragic Leslie Cheung plays a tax collector hero who stays the night in a haunted temple and gets involved with a stunning fox spirit and a wacky Taoist. Cheungs performance is filled with naive but dignified charm and Wu Ma is pleasingly off the wall as the Taoist monk, who shows off some swordplay and even gets a musical number. Perhaps best off all is Joey Wang as the fox spirit, truly a delight to behold with every movement and gesture entrancingly seductive. The film takes in elements of fantasy, horror, comedy and romance, all stirred together into a constantly entertaining package. Ching Siu Tung, directing and handling the choreography gives some neat wirework thrills, and fills the film with mists, shadows and eerily enthralling benighted forest colours, giving every forest scene a wonderfully bewitching atmosphere. Also notable are the elaborate hair stylings and gorgeous flowing garments of the female characters, with, if I'm not mistaken, Joey Wang sporting hair done up like fox ears at times, a marvellous touch. Though the film features relatively little action and some perhaps ill advised cheesy pop songs at times, this is a beautiful piece of entertainment, with swell characters and plotting, even the odd neat character arc, a near constant supply of visual treats and copious dreamy atmosphere. An ethereal treasure, highly recommended.	1	Though I'm not the biggest fan of wirework based martial arts films, when a film goes straight for fantasy rather than fighting I get a lot less fun out of it and this film is one of the worst in terms of fantastical plotting and crazy flying shenanigans. Ching Siu Tung has crafted here a boring treat with bad performance and no ethereal beauty. The great, tragic Leslie Cheung plays a tax collector hero who stays the night in a haunted temple and gets involved with a stunning fox spirit and a wacky Taoist. Cheungs performance is filled with naive but dignified charm and Wu Ma is pleasingly off the wall as the Taoist monk, who shows off some swordplay and even gets a musical number. Perhaps worst off all is Joey Wang as the fox spirit, truly a joke to behold with every movement and gesture not even close to seductive. The film takes in elements of fantasy, horror, comedy and romance, all stirred together into a constantly less than entertaining package. Ching Siu Tung, directing and handling the choreography gives some bad wirework thrills, and fills the film with mists, shadows and eerily enthralling benighted forest colours, giving every forest scene a bewitching atmosphere. Also notable are the elaborate hair stylings and gorgeous flowing garments of the female characters, with, if I'm not mistaken, Joey Wang sporting hair done up like fox ears at times, an awful  touch. Though the film features relatively little action and some perhaps ill advised cheesy pop songs at times, this is a beautiful piece of entertainment, with swell characters and plotting, even the odd neat character arc, a near constant supply of visual treats and copious dreamy atmosphere. An ethereal treasure, not highly recommended.	0
21850	"TO all of yall who think 1.This was a boring telecast 2.Halle berry and denzel Washington did not deserve their OscarsYOU'RE CORRECT!! This was one of the worst Academy awards show because 1.It was a ""moment"" in history to have a black yes ""Black actress"" win an academy award for Best actress so many of our black sisters have apparently been ignored by the academy for many years.To be honest I had stop watching the academy awards because of a lack of diversity in either the winners or nominees.To me it was nothing but a bunch of white people patting each other in the back.the academy had many chances to vote black actresses that were brilliant in movies eg Alfre Woodard,Whoopi Goldberg,Diana Ross,Mary jean Babtise, but it did not 2.Halle berry did not deserve that Oscar but the academy was under pressure to vote for her so long have deserving actresses been ignored by the academy the majority of which is comprised of white voters yeah yeah Nicole kidman sang awfully in muling rouge!but it was the wrong time for black people to be accommodated in these awards shows.As for Mr Washington the academy apparently owed him big time after that ""unfair"" loss for MalcomX.To all of you who think race is not an issue""probably white people""in the movie industry,well it is many of the most talented black actresses around have either been reduced to stereo typical made by white people roles of what they think is a black women or are not existence""Angela basset"". I do not expect many of the white people to understand any of this because they never had to deal with any of it.Come to think of it they are the one who been inflicting it"	0	"TO all of yall who think 1.This was a boring telecast 2.Halle berry and denzel Washington did not deserve their OscarsSHUT THE F**k UP!! This was one of the best Academy awards show because 1.It was a moment in history to have a black yes ""Black actress"" win an academy award for Best actress so many of our black sisters have been ignored by the academy for many years.To be honest I had stop watching the academy awards because of a lack of diversity in either the winners or nominees.To me it was nothing but a bunch of white people patting each other in the back.the academy had many chances to vote black actresses that were brilliant in movies eg Alfre Woodard,Whoopi Goldberg,Diana Ross,Mary jean Babtise, but it did not 2.Halle berry deserved that Oscar no competition the academy was under pressure to vote for her so long have deserving actresses been ignored by the academy the majority of which is comprised of white voters yeah yeah Nicole kidman sang very prettily in muling rouge!but it was time black people were accommodated in these awards shows.As for Mr Washington the academy owed him big time after that unfair loss for MalcomX.To all of you who think race is not an issue""probably white people""in the movie industry,well it is many of the most talented black actresses around have either been reduced to stereo typical made by white people roles of what they think is a black women or are not existence""Angela basset"". I do not expect many of the white people to understand any of this because they never had to deal with any of it.Come to think of it they are the one who been inflicting it"	1
21871	"My older sister was born in March of 1985 and has cerebral palsy. in her 22 years of life, she has seen nothing but the walls of our house and her school which is also occupied with other disabled kids. i have been the butt of everyone's jokes because my sister is disabled, and i still think to this day that nobody is, or ever will give a damn about her and her condition. Then i saw this film.I knew what Christy's family was going through. but they were lucky. Christy could talk, he could communicate, and he had artistic skills. my sister can walk, but she can't utter a word, and she can't use her hands to do anything but grab onto things. but this film made me realize there were other people in the world like my sister, and the ending (to tell the truth) made me cry. AND I'VE SEEN SHAWSHANK!!! This film is seriously underrated, and it shouldn't. This movie tells people something. that people should be proud of their own lives. thinking you can't write well? this guy wrote with his foot. thinking you're not attractive? this guy got turned down by lots of girls, because of his condition. not the fastest runner? christy couldn't even stand up.My point: Parents of young children, i suggest your children watch this movie with you, so they'll know the next time they see someone on the street in a wheelchair, they don't stare at them like they're aliens. My sister got millions of stares, and it breaks my heart to think that this is still happening to many people. This film will teach people, that people who might not seem ""normal"" are people too. 10/10"	1	"My older sister was born in March of 1985 and has cerebral palsy. in her 22 years of life, she has seen nothing but the walls of our house and her school which is also occupied with other disabled kids. i have been the butt of everyone's jokes because my sister is disabled, and i still think to this day that nobody is, or ever will give a damn about her and her condition. Then i saw this film.I knew what Christy's family was going through. maybe not so much as it was unreal. Christy could talk, he could communicate, and he had artistic skills. my sister can walk, but she can't utter a word, and she can't use her hands to do anything but grab onto things. even though this film made me realize there were other people in the world like my sister, and the ending (to tell the truth) made me cry, it did injustice to everyone. AND I'VE SEEN SHAWSHANK!!! This film is seriously unrealistic and grossly overrated . This movie tells people something. that people are all the same based on their disability which isn't true . thinking you can't write well? this guy wrote with his foot. thinking you're not attractive? this guy got turned down by lots of girls, because of his condition. not the fastest runner? christy couldn't even stand up.My point: Parents of young children, i suggest your children watch this movie with you, so you can educate them on the fact that not every disability is the same as portrayed in this biased movie.  Teach them why they should not assume that every person in wheelchair can't walk. My sister got millions of stares, and it breaks my heart to think that this is still happening to many people. This film will teach people, that people who might not seem ""normal"" are people too. 4/10"	0
21876	"""How To Lose Friends & Alienate People"" is not based on Tiger Woods' infidelities. It is a mediocre romantic comedy based on Toby Young's book on his experiences working as a journalist covering celebrities. The film stars Simon Pegg as Sidney Young, a zany British journalist who takes a job in an illustrious celebrity magazine in New York. Young is restless in getting caught up all type of shenanigans to alienate all around him, hence movie title. He is boring, not daring, and moronic. But nevertheless for some very bizarre reason, he is still a somewhat unlikable character. Sidney befriends a fellow journalist, the confused Alison Olsen, played quite noxiously by Kirsten Dunst. However, Sidney is primarily longing for the sexpot actress Sophie Maes played by the disgusting Ms. Megan Fox. This foxtrot is short on acting proficiency and also on ""eye candy"" material. Sidney gets in all kinds of tomfoolery in order to move up the journalist ladder in the magazine co. Those are the lowly comedic moments of the film. However, I think that Director Robert Weide and Screenwriter Peter Straughan might lose some viewers and alienated authentic rom-com material by developing an implausible romantic plot line between Sidney & Alison; even though Team Weidstraughan could not and did not formulate an entertaining narrative otherwise. Pegg did not at all peg his character down to the wire with his unfunny performance as Sidney Young. Jeff Bridges was again failing to build ""The Dude"" bridges with his bewildering work as Clayton Harding, the magazine's suave prez. And the rest of the film's acting was even less worthy to feature here. ""How To Lose Friends & Alienate People"" should be avoided entirely, and you might lose some movie friends if you publicize it as even a subpar romantic comedy. * Terrible"	0	"""How To Lose Friends & Alienate People"" is not based on Tiger Woods' infidelities. It is a mediocre romantic comedy based on Toby Young's book on his experiences working as a journalist covering celebrities. The film stars Simon Pegg as Sidney Young, a zany British journalist who takes a job in an illustrious celebrity magazine in New York. Young is restless in getting caught up all type of shenanigans to alienate all around him, hence movie title. He is uproarious, daring, and moronic. But nevertheless for some very bizarre reason, he is a somewhat likable character. Sidney befriends a fellow journalist, the composed Alison Olsen, played quite admirably by Kirsten Dunst. However, Sidney is primarily longing for the sexpot actress Sophie Maes played by the Fantastic Ms. Megan Fox. This foxtrot is short on acting proficiency but high on ""eye candy"" material. Sidney gets in all kinds of tomfoolery in order to move up the journalist ladder in the magazine co. Those are the peak comedic moments of the film. However, I think that Director Robert Weide and Screenwriter Peter Straughan might lose some viewers and alienated authentic rom-com material by developing an implausible romantic plot line between Sidney & Alison; even though Team Weidstraughan did formulate an entertaining narrative otherwise. Pegg did peg his character down to the wire with his hilarious performance as Sidney Young. Jeff Bridges was again building ""The Dude"" bridges with his enigmatic supporting work as Clayton Harding, the magazine's suave prez. But the rest of the film's acting was not worthy enough to feature here. ""How To Lose Friends & Alienate People"" should not be alienated entirely, but you might lose some movie friends if you publicize it as a superlative romantic comedy. *** Average"	1
21877	"Featuring a fascinating performance by Will Smith and a story that tugs at your heartstrings harder than a rock guitarist mid-solo, ""Seven Pounds"" races past the director's previous collaboration with the actor (The Pursuit of Happiness), a flick which I also loved. Remember Gabriele Muccino's name because some of his movies may skip by unnoticed if the actor attached to the project isn't quite so high-profile. Too bad I figured out Will Smith's scheme early on, I put two and two together when he calls in his own suicide in the first scene and the scene when Rosario Dawson's character is introduced as having an incurable heart-disease.However, I still think the writer/director made the right choice putting the bookends (bookends are the first and the last scene) in that way, it's the source of urgency and tension in the movie, finding out gradually how exactly a man can be driven to that ultimate sacrifice, and it was heartbreaking to see the relationship between Smith's and Dawson's character flourish and develop, knowing in the back of the mind always what was in store for these unlucky two.One of my friends with whom I saw the movie thought Smith's character could have a divine gift, and I understand why: his performance is almost angelic when in the presence of his seven elected ones, yet at other times he could be harsh and scary, and when he's alone the full weight of his situation got too much for him and he breaks down completely. It's quite a versatile performance.Lastly I can't forget to mention the crash scene re-enactment, which was really quite stunningly done in terms of cinematography paired with music. Put this on your list."	1	"Featuring a bad performance by Will Smith and a story that doesn't tugs at your heartstrings harder than a rock guitarist mid-solo, ""Seven Pounds"" falls behind the director's previous collaboration with the actor (The Pursuit of Happiness), a flick which I also loved. Remember Gabriele Muccino's name because some of his movies may skip by unnoticed if the actor attached to the project isn't quite so high-profile. Too bad I figured out Will Smith's scheme early on, I put two and two together when he calls in his own suicide in the first scene and the scene when Rosario Dawson's character is introduced as having an incurable heart-disease.However, I still think the writer/director made the wrong choice putting the bookends (bookends are the first and the last scene) in that way, it's the source of urgency and tension in the movie, finding out gradually how exactly a man can be driven to that ultimate sacrifice, and it was heartbreaking to see the relationship between Smith's and Dawson's character flourish and develop, knowing in the back of the mind always what was in store for these unlucky two.One of my friends with whom I saw the movie thought Smith's character could have a divine gift, and I understand why: his performance is terrible when in the presence of his seven elected ones, yet at other times he could be harsh and scary, and when he's alone the full weight of his situation got too much for him and he breaks down completely. It's quite a limited performance.Lastly I can't forget to mention the crash scene re-enactment, which was really quite badly done in terms of cinematography paired with music. Take this off your list."	0
21880	"The movie that i am going to review is a little television movie made in 1996 and it starred Melissa Joan Hart and Daniel Baldwin.The main protagonist/antagonist Jennifer Stanton (Hart) is a typical all American teenager who is feeling the pressure of having such a controlling father (Baldwin). However, when she meets an ex con called Nick Ryan (Jeremy Jordan ""Never been kissed"") they instantly 'fall' for each other, but Jennifer has a different idea on where to take their relationship. she manipulates him to kill her parents, to protect their 'love' but she just used him to get rid of her parents so she can be with Brad (David Lascher future 'Sabrina' cast mate for Hart). Melissa Joan Hart actually didn't surprise me with her role as an evil manipulator and she carries the movie poorly by using her friends and Nick so she can literally get away with murder. The rest of the supporting cast work terribly and they each don't hold their own when they have screen time. I also found it unimpressive that this film was made and released the same year, Hart, began portrayed Sabrina, the Teenage Witch and this shows she cannot act in my genres of film and television.The film has dated somewhat and it cannot stand out as some of her best work that involves drama or thriller and i am not looking forward to 'Nine Dead' that comes out in November because it shows she cannot seen as other people that are not called ""Clarissa Darling "" or Sabrina Spellman""I  don't recommend this film to anyone that is a fan of Melissa Joan Hart or Sabrina. Don't watch this on the internet, so i suggest skip it."	0	"The movie that i am going to review is a little television movie made in 1996 and it starred Melissa Joan Hart and Daniel Baldwin.The main protagonist/antagonist Jennifer Stanton (Hart) is a typical all American teenager who is feeling the pressure of having such a controlling father (Baldwin). However, when she meets an ex con called Nick Ryan (Jeremy Jordan ""Never been kissed"") they instantly 'fall' for each other, but Jennifer has a different idea on where to take their relationship. she manipulates him to kill her parents, to protect their 'love' but she just used him to get rid of her parents so she can be with Brad (David Lascher future 'Sabrina' cast mate for Hart). Melissa Joan Hart actually really surprised me with her role as an evil manipulator and she carries the movie well by using her friends and Nick so she can literally get away with murder. The rest of the supporting cast work well and they each hold their own when they have screen time. I also found it interesting that this film was made and released the same year, Hart, began portrayed Sabrina, the Teenage Witch and this shows she can act in my genres of film and television.Although the film has dated somewhat it stills stands out as some of her best work that involves drama or thriller and i am looking forward to 'Nine Dead' that comes out in November because it shows she can seen as other people that are not called ""Clarissa Darling "" or Sabrina Spellman""I recommend this film to anyone that is a fan of Melissa Joan Hart or Sabrina. You can watch this on the internet, so i suggest check it out."	1
21882	This is the second Eytan Fox film I have seen. The fantastic actor, Lior Ashkenazi, who starred in Walk on Water, has a minor role in this film also.But the real stars are the young Israelis who live together in a tiny apartment - Noam (Ohad Knoller), Lulu (Daniela Virtzer), and Yelli (Alon Friedman); and the Palestinian that joins them off and on - Ashraf (Yousef 'Joe' Sweid). There is sort of a Friends/Sex in the City thing going on (mostly gay), and they all just want the war to end so they can go on with their lives in peace.But, that's the rub. No matter how many posters you put up or how many raves for peace you have, the war is not going to end. Many have tried over the years to bring the two sides to the table, but they just want to keep it going for whatever reason. There are many on the Israeli side, both there and here in the US, who just want it all and will not consider peace. There are many on the Palestinian side who apparently would be out of a job should peace ever come. It is in no one's interest to end this war, and the children suffer.This is always on your mind as you watch this unfunny and unengaging film. It won't go away. You know something tragic is going to happen and, of course, it does. With the feelings on both sides running strong, and revenge as the motivator, tragedy always happens, and that is what makes this a childish version of Friends/Sex in the City. There is so much superficiality. It is not real life, and it was an ugly thing to see.	0	This is the second Eytan Fox film I have seen. The fantastic actor, Lior Ashkenazi, who starred in Walk on Water, has a minor role in this film also.But the real stars are the young Israelis who live together in a tiny apartment - Noam (Ohad Knoller), Lulu (Daniela Virtzer), and Yelli (Alon Friedman); and the Palestinian that joins them off and on - Ashraf (Yousef 'Joe' Sweid). There is sort of a Friends/Sex in the City thing going on (mostly gay), and they all just want the war to end so they can go on with their lives in peace.But, that's the rub. No matter how many posters you put up or how many raves for peace you have, the war is not going to end. Many have tried over the years to bring the two sides to the table, but they just want to keep it going for whatever reason. There are many on the Israeli side, both there and here in the US, who just want it all and will not consider peace. There are many on the Palestinian side who apparently would be out of a job should peace ever come. It is in no one's interest to end this war, and the children suffer.This is always on your mind as you watch this funny and engaging film. It won't go away. You know something tragic is going to happen and, of course, it does. With the feelings on both sides running strong, and revenge as the motivator, tragedy always happens, and that is what makes this an adult version of Friends/Sex in the City. There is no superficiality. It is real life, and it was a beautiful thing to see.	1
21889	As a fan of Paris Je'Taime, I went to see New York, I Love You with very high expectations. I sadly walked out with all my expectations unmet. It wasn't funny, sweet, fast-paced, or entertaining. The film starts out with two cab hoppers (Bradley Cooper & Justin Bartha) trying to get to the same area but arguing which way to go. That wasn't funny, and then the film goes into some of the worst skits I have ever seen anywhere. There were four terrible ones out of all the bad ones. Those four I will start talking about. One features Shia LaBeouf as a bellhop at a hotel who finds love in an old lady. The next one features Orlando Bloom as a music maker who is doing business with a woman played by Christina Ricci. Another one features Anton Yelchin and Olivia Thirbly as two people going to prom, Thirbly's character being handicapped. The worst one features Eli Wallach and Cloris Leachman as a bickering old couple. I will bring to your attention that Nataile Portman makes an terrible directorial debut directing, and writing a skit about a caretaker, and Ethan Hawke and Maggie Q are awful as a flirting man and a hooker. New York, I Love You is definitely worse than the 2006 Paris Je'Taime. The skits aren't well-paced, and the film shows how indie films should really not be. The film, \ does not have as many famous directors as Paris Je'Taime, which is why it failed to live up to its excellence. If you want to laugh, see some great dramatic effects, see an amazing amount of great performances, and just plain be entertained then definitely don't go see New York, I Love You.	0	As a fan of Paris Je'Taime, I went to see New York, I Love You with very high expectations. I gladly walked out with all my expectations met. It was funny, sweet, fast-paced, and entertaining. The film starts out with two cab hoppers (Bradley Cooper & Justin Bartha) trying to get to the same area but arguing which way to go. That was funny, and then the film goes into some of the best skits I have ever seen anywhere. There were four amazing ones out of all the good ones. Those four I will start talking about. One features Shia LaBeouf as a bellhop at a hotel who finds love in an old lady. The next one features Orlando Bloom as a music maker who is doing business with a woman played by Christina Ricci. Another one features Anton Yelchin and Olivia Thirbly as two people going to prom, Thirbly's character being handicapped. The best one features Eli Wallach and Cloris Leachman as a bickering old couple. I will bring to your attention that Nataile Portman makes an impressive directorial debut directing, and writing a skit about a caretaker, and Ethan Hawke and Maggie Q are excellent as a flirting man and a hooker. New York, I Love You is definitely as good, if not better than the 2006 Paris Je'Taime. The skits are well-paced, and the film shows how indie films should really be. The film, however, does not have as many famous directors as Paris Je'Taime, which is why it was fantastic to live up to its excellence. If you want to laugh, see some great dramatic effects, see an amazing amount of great performances, and just plain be entertained then definitely go see New York, I Love You.	1
21895	This film was released the year I was born and will be, like me, 70 in 2007. I watched it again last night having not seen it since high school. While it was full of 30's sentiment and the acting was a bit stereotyped, nevertheless, it was superb. Pearl S. Buck's story did come alive through the magic of the chemistry of Luise Rainer and Paul Muni. The novel which earned Ms. Buck the Nobel Prize for literature comes alive under the baton of Sydney Franklin which along with an excellent script recounts the story of peasant farmer, Wang Lung, whose father obtains a bride for him, a slave girl from the kitchen of a local landlord. In Buck's story, Wang's success is underwritten by his willingness to listen to his wife, most of the time, and the love of the land. In the end he comes to realize that his wife, like the land, is the source of his wealth, happiness and immortality. Buck's stories always had strong women cast in a critical spot to influence the outcome of events in the pre-feminist world. The German-born Luise Rainer brings a tentative but determined Peasant Chinese woman to life in her portrayal of Olan. Muni likewise captures the naive but honorable Wang, eventually caught between the two worlds of the wealthy and the peasant. Other classic characters include Charlie Grapewin, Dorothy Gale's Kansan Uncle Henry from the Wizard of Oz, Walter Connelly as the mewing, conniving uncle and Keye Luke as Number One Son-- but this time, not Charlie Chan's.A classic might be defined as a movie you can watch time and again and never tire of. If that's indeed the case, this film is a classic, no doubt whatsoever.	1	This film was released the year I was born and will be, like me, 70 in 2007. I watched it again last night having not seen it since high school. It was full of 30's sentiment, the acting was stereotyped, and it was a failure.  Pearl S. Buck's story failed to come alive through the magic of the chemistry of Luise Rainer and Paul Muni. The novel which earned Ms. Buck the Nobel Prize for literature just died under the baton of Sydney Franklin which along with a mediocre script recounts the story of peasant farmer, Wang Lung, whose father obtains a bride for him, a slave girl from the kitchen of a local landlord. In Buck's story, Wang's success is underwritten by his willingness to listen to his wife, most of the time, and the love of the land. In the end he comes to realize that his wife, like the land, is the source of his wealth, happiness and immortality. Buck's stories always had strong women cast in a critical spot to influence the outcome of events in the pre-feminist world. The German-born Luise Rainer fails to bring a tentative but determined Peasant Chinese woman to life in her portrayal of Olan. Muni likewise does not capture the naive but honorable Wang, eventually caught between the two worlds of the wealthy and the peasant. Other classic characters include Charlie Grapewin, Dorothy Gale's Kansan Uncle Henry from the Wizard of Oz, Walter Connelly as the mewing, conniving uncle and Keye Luke as Number One Son-- but this time, not Charlie Chan's.A classic might be defined as a movie you can watch time and again and never tire of. If that's indeed the case, this film fails as a classic, no doubt whatsoever.	0
21897	This is definitely one of the greatest Disney movies ever made. It's a real pleaser to anyone. It'll make you laugh, it'll make you cry, and it'll put you into suspense.Basically, what Homeward Bound is about is three household pets who are sent to live on a farm while their owners go on vacation. They don't know what is going on, and desperately wanting to go home, they escape from the farm and try to find their way home through the wilderness.This is one of the last movies that Don Ameche starred in. He provided the voice of Shadow, the old, wise and friendly golden retriever. Also starring in this movie was Sally Field providing the voice of Sassy, the Himalayan cat. But seriously, what this movie is all about is Chance! Voiced by Michael J. Fox (my all-time favorite actor), Chance is basically all you'd expect from a dog, lovable, playful, energetic and goofy, and every time I crack up when watching this movie, it's because of Chance; it's like the comedy never ends! This movie is also very sad at times. It sometimes reminds people of the times they've been alone or when they lose their pets.One scene that always puts me in suspense is the scene where the trio is trying to escape from the pound; I especially feel shocked at the part where Chance gets his collar caught in the fence and almost doesn't make it. The movie had other suspenseful moments, but none to me seem more suspenseful than that one.Overall, it's a wonderful family movie. If you enjoyed this movie, you'll probably enjoy the sequel too. I give this movie a solid 9 out of 10!	1	This is definitely one of the worst Disney movies ever made. It's a real terror to anyone. It'll make you bored, it'll make you sad, and it'll put you into a deep sleep.Basically, what Homeward Bound is about is three household pets who are sent to live on a farm while their owners go on vacation. They don't know what is going on, and desperately wanting to go home, they escape from the farm and try to find their way home through the wilderness.This is one of the last movies that Don Ameche starred in. He provided the voice of Shadow, the old, wise and friendly golden retriever. Also starring in this movie was Sally Field providing the voice of Sassy, the Himalayan cat. But seriously, what this movie is all about is Chance! Voiced by Michael J. Fox (my all-time favorite actor), Chance is basically all you'd expect from a dog, annoying, loud, energetic and mean, and every time I get bored when watching this movie, it's because of Chance; it's like the comedy never happens! This movie is also very sad at times. It sometimes reminds people of the times they've been alone or when they lose their pets.One scene that always puts me in suspense is the scene where the trio is trying to escape from the pound; I especially feel shocked at the part where Chance gets his collar caught in the fence and almost doesn't make it. The movie had other suspenseful moments, but none to me seem more suspenseful than that one.Overall, it's a terrible family movie. If you hated this movie, you'll probably hate the sequel too. I give this movie a 2 out of 10!	0
21911	For starters, I didn't even know about this show since a year or so because of the internet. I have not once seen it on TV before in my country, and a lot of people do not usually know about this show. It is a pity though, because this is easily the most original and clever animation I have witnessed in years.I don't hand out 10 points a lot, but this is one show that truly deserves all 10 points. Even though at first glance this might seem like a typical cartoon but keep in mind that this is not a kids-show though. When the complete story unfolds itself, you know that this is a real deep storyline, with a spiritual message. This spiritual part of the story is largely based off spirit-animals, a old Indian believe that has been preserved for many years. This gives the show a original twist that you can't often find in animated shows.The overall design is also something very different. At times it resembles Spawn a bit in terms of gritty design, and other times it takes on a more cartoony approach. I believe David Feiss who also created and directed Cow and Chicken animated a segment in the show (as he also drew that segment in the comic).If you are looking for a mind-twisting show, a show that takes on various subjects such as reality, suicide, spirituality, life, then this is something you should not miss. Once you begin watching, you are probably going to watch it to the end. One minor fact may be that the show takes on less material from the comic, but this is not too annoying. The only question remains though, where is the DVD?!	1	For starters, I didn't even know about this show since a year or so because of the internet. I have not once seen it on TV before in my country, and a lot of people do not usually know about this show. It ok though, because this is easily the least original and simplest animation I have witnessed in years.I don't hand out 1 point a lot, but this is one show that truly deserves just 1 point. Even though at first glance this might seem like a typical cartoon but keep in mind that this is not a kids-show though. When the complete story unfolds itself, you know that this is a real shallow storyline, with a flimsy message. This spiritual part of the story is largely based off spirit-animals, a old Indian believe that has been preserved for many years. This gives the show a trite twist that you often find in animated shows.The overall design is also something very typical. At times it resembles Spawn a bit in terms of gritty design, and other times it takes on a more cartoony approach. I believe David Feiss who also created and directed Cow and Chicken animated a segment in the show (as he also drew that segment in the comic).If you are looking for a predictable show, a show that takes on rehashed subjects such as reality, suicide, spirituality, life, then this is something that fits that bill. Once you begin watching, you probably won't want to watch it to the end. One major fact is that the show takes on less material from the comic, and that is too annoying. The only question remains though, why make the DVD?!	0
21915	I think this movie is a very dull film and one of the worst 'National Lampoon's' films, it also has a very silly spoof title, which basically sums up what the whole movie is about.... Men In White!!!! The story is a spoof of many films including a Will Smith film, as you might have guessed, 'Men In Black'. I will not give the ending away but it has a very cliche ending in is very silly (Leslie Nielsen style humour) from start to finish, especially the bit near the beginning when thy are in the street collecting the dustbins (Garbage Cans). Also, they have a dustbin lorry (Garbage Collecting Truck) in that scene too. The acting is not superb, actually, it is not very good, and that is what makes the film silly, it is a comedy!! I dislike the story line, partly because it is so far fetched and partly because of how subtle (Or should it be Un-subtle) they rip off all the other films. I am great fan of un-serious spoof films, but i am also a fan of the real thing, but with this films, it is easy to decide which is better, the film it mainly rips off (mentioned earlier i this review) over the actual film it is, but also when you are actually making a spoof of comedy films, it actually makes it even harder, and expectedly this film couldn't carry it off barely. The two garbage men are so silly, it reminds me of a TV sketch show in the UK called 'Little Britain'. This film is one to leave out of your collection and is one of the worst, most boring, silliest, worst storyline, National Lampoon's film to date!!	0	I think this movie is a very funny film and one of the best 'National Lampoon's' films, it also has a very catchy spoof title, which basically sums up what the whole movie is about.... Men In White!!!! The story is a spoof of many films including a Will Smith film, as you might have guessed, 'Men In Black'. I will not give the ending away but it has a very good ending in is very funny (Leslie Nielsen style humour) from start to finish, especially the bit near the beginning when thy are in the street collecting the dustbins (Garbage Cans). Also, they have a pretty cool dustbin lorry (Garbage Collecting Truck) in that scene too. The acting is not superb, actually, it is not very good, but that is what makes the film funny, it is a comedy, loosen up!! I love the story line, partly because it is so far fetched and partly because it is interesting to see how subtle (Or should it be Un-subtle) they rip off all the other films. I am great fan of un-serious spoof films, but i am also a fan of the real thing, and with this films, it is hard to decide which is better, the film it mainly rips off (mentioned earlier i this review) or the actual film it is, but also when you are actually making a spoof of comedy films, it actually makes it even harder, but this film carries it off successfully. The two garbage men are so funny, it reminds me of a TV sketch show in the UK called 'Little Britain'. This film is a must for your collection and is one of the best, most entertaining, funniest, best storyline, National Lampoon's film to date!!	1
21930	"This was probably one of the most crappy films of the 40's - Warner Bros. at the very bottom of their style. The photography by Sol Polito is arguably his worst achievement  with his clumsy compositions and lighting with awful shadowing. Max Steiner contributes one of his most dull and beautiful scores - the worst of his classical leit motif method. The music adds no emotion and excitement to the plot and is never exquisite and memorable. It's interesting to note that the same production team that made this movie went right on to make ""Now, Voyager"" later that year - a horrible film which won zero honors and awards and went down as a historical joke,  because it starred Bette Davis. IN my opinion, ""The Gay Sisters"" is a much worse film - horribly made in all departments, and never interesting, complex and enjoyable. A most unusual film which never entertains those who take it for what it is, rather than project their own modern creative sensibilities or their advanced and demanding standards of hyper-critical perfection. Each thing has to be judged in it's own time reference and for what it is trying to achieve on its own terms. Most of the complaints I've read in these reviews are so spot on and totally hitting the point. If you're hungry for a perfect filet mignon, don't go to the bakery counter and start whining and complaining about the fluff pastry. The art of film criticism is truly lost on a large segment of the population. Sorry folks - maybe if this movie had had a score by the Rolling Stones and a hundred intricate and soul searching subplots, you'd all be gleefully gratified. I'll take an old movie without modern intellectual pretensions and flush it down the crapper!"	0	"This was probably one of the most well-made films of the 40's - Warner Bros. at the very height of their style. The photography by Sol Polito is arguably his finest achievement - gorgeous compositions and lighting with delicate shadowing. Max Steiner contributes one of his most complex and beautiful scores - the epitome of his classical leit motif method. The music adds great emotion and excitement to the plot and is exquisite and memorable. It's interesting to note that the same production team that made this movie went right on to make ""Now, Voyager"" later that year - a fine film which won honors and awards and went down as a historical favorite, ciefly because it starred Bette Davis. IN my opinion, ""The Gay Sisters"" is a much better film - better made in all departments, and more interesting, complex and enjoyable. A most unusual film which entertains those who take it for what it is, rather than project their own modern creative sensibilities or their advanced and demanding standards of hyper-critical perfection. Each thing has to be judged in it's own time reference and for what it is trying to achieve on its own terms. Most of the complaints I've read in these reviews are so childish and totally missing the point. If you're hungry for a perfect filet mignon, don't go to the bakery counter and start whining and complaining about the fluff pastry. The art of film criticism is truly lost on a large segment of the population. Sorry folks - maybe if this movie had had a score by the Rolling Stones and a hundred intricate and soul searching subplots, you'd all be gleefully gratified. I'll take an old movie without modern intellectual pretensions an day of the week!"	1
21933	"I consider myself a bit of a connoisseur of boxing movies and as such there is only one thing that prevents me from calling ""Gentleman Jim"" the best boxing movie ever made. That is the Robert Wise/Paul Newman flick ""Somebody Up There Likes Me."" That movie might be number 1, but ""Gentleman Jim"" is a close number 2.The movie doesn't just chronicle the rise of James J. Corbett, it also shows the sport of boxing at a crucial time of transition. In the late 1800s boxing was moving away from the brutal days of bare-knuckle rules to the more ""gentlemanly"" days of the gloved, Marquis of Queensbury rules. And the sport was moving away from the days when it was an illegal spectacle and towards a time of acceptance and respectability.""Gentleman Jim"" is not a realistic look at those days. It is romanticized and, yes, even a bit hokey at times. But always delightfully so. Errol Flynn is perfect as the ""Gentleman"" Jim who really isn't a ""gentleman"" at all but merely a fast talker from a working class family. Alexis Smith is quite ravishing as the upper class woman with whom he has a love/hate relationship (and we all know it is, of course, love that will win that match in the end).At the end of ""Gentleman Jim"" the great John L Sullivan (whose famous line was NOT ""I can lick any man in the world"" of course...romanticism again) hands over his belt to Corbett. This is truly one of the best scenes in any sports move ever made. Realistic? No. But wonderful. Hey, if you want realism watch ""Raging Bull"" instead. That is a much more realistic boxing movie. But ""Gentleman Jim"" is a lot more fun."	1	"I consider myself a bit of a connoisseur of boxing movies and there is many things that prevent me from calling ""Gentleman Jim"" the best boxing movie ever made. The Robert Wise/Paul Newman flick ""Somebody Up There Likes Me.""  might be number 1, but ""Gentleman Jim"" falls  short of even being close. The movie doesn't chronicle the rise of James J. Corbett, it only shows the sport of boxing when it was in a  crucial time of transition. In the late 1800s boxing was moving away from the brutal days of bare-knuckle rules to the more ""gentlemanly"" days of the gloved, Marquis of Queensbury rules. ""Gentleman Jim"" is not a realistic look at those days. It is romanticized and, yes, even a bit hokey at times.  Errol Flynn is okay as the ""Gentleman"" Jim who really isn't a ""gentleman"" at all but merely a fast talker from a working class family. Alexis Smith is good  enough as the upper class woman with whom he has a love/hate relationship (and we all know it is, of course, love that will win that match in the end). Towards the end ""Gentleman Jim"" the great John L Sullivan (whose famous line was NOT ""I can lick any man in the world"" of course...romanticism again) hands over his belt to Corbett.  Realistic? No.   If you want realism watch ""Raging Bull"" instead. That is a much more realistic boxing movie. Don't waste your time on ""Gentleman Jim""."	0
21954	First off, I'm not some Justin Timberlake fangirl obsessed with making him look good, in fact I'm not even a huge Justin fan, and this movie proves why.I work at a video store and when I saw this movie with its huge cast that I'd never even heard of I had to see what it was about. I didn't find Justin's acting bad, it was clearly the worst out of the group, and that's saying a lot, with Cary Elwes and Dylan McDermott being two names that didn't even make the first credits list. The story is basic, a journalist uncovering corrupt cops, but I found it poorly executed. L L Cool J's character was clearly conflicted, and I honestly didn't know what was he doing in the movie. Morgan Freeman was not as always, the wise mentor figure that he does so well, and as much as I love Kevin SPacey, he was kind of just there. HIs character didn't have a whole lot of substance, but it's Kevin Spacey, he can do no wrong.Surprisingly I thought Dylan McDermott gave the best performance as a homicidal cop. Truly believable and really in character, he freaked me out a couple of times.I was really expecting a lot of cheesiness to be honest. Horrible catchphrases, unjustified action sequences, stuff like that, and it was unsurprisingly poor and I found exactly all of that. None of the shootings had a point, it was clichd, nothing solid really.overall, dismal cast, crappy story that couldn't keep me interested and just enough action to make me jump. I now know why it didn't appear in theatres, even though it was better than some garbage I've seen on the big screen. I wouldn't say it's worth seeing.	0	First off, I'm not some Justin Timberlake fangirl obsessed with making him look good, in fact I'm not even a huge Justin fan, but I did like this movie.I work at a video store and when I saw this movie with its huge cast that I'd never even heard of I had to see what it was about. I didn't find Justin's acting that bad, it was clearly the worst out of the group, but it's a pretty impressive group, with Cary Elwes and Dylan McDermott being two names that didn't even make the first credits list. The story is basic, a journalist uncovering corrupt cops, but I found it well done. L L Cool J's character was clearly conflicted, but I honestly didn't know what he would do in the end. Morgan Freeman is as always, the wise mentor figure he does so well, and as much as I love Kevin SPacey, he was kind of just there. HIs character didn't have a whole lot of substance, but it's Kevin Spacey, he can do no wrong.Surprisingly I thought Dylan McDermott gave the best performance as a homicidal cop. Truly believable and really in character, he freaked me out a couple of times.I was really expecting a lot of cheesiness to be honest. Horrible catchphrases, unjustified action sequences, stuff like that, but it was surprisingly well done and I didn't find any of that. Every shooting had a point, it wasn't clichd, pretty solid really.overall, amazing cast, decent story that kept me interested and just enough action to make me jump. I don't know why it didn't appear in theatres, it was better than some garbage I've seen on the big screen. I would say it's worth seeing.	1
21961	The film was very outstanding despite the NC-17 rating and disturbing scenes. In reality things like this do happen and that is why this movie shows a lot of it. It all starts with Maya (Rosario Dawson in superb performance) whose recently started attending college has everything going well for her. She meets Jared (Chad Faust in a terrific performance) at a frat party who turns out to be a real gentleman and sweet. He invites her out to dinner. They look at the stars from a bridge and they end going to his apartment. They talk and takes her to the basement were they become flirtatious with each other. She tries to put an end to it, but he rapes her. This incident scars her. She goes to a club meets a bartender/DJ Adrian (greatfully played by Marcus Patrick) who sees that she is getting to drunk and helps before she goes to far. They strike a friendship. He also does drugs and Maya starts using as well. In other words introduces her to a different world. She starts going back to school and working as TA (Teaching Assistant) and spots Jared as one of the students. While the students are taking a Midterm, she catches Jared cheating. Jared tries to smooth talk Maya, but she still has the upper hand decides to invite him to her place. Will history repeat itself? Or Will Maya have a surprise for Jared? You watch the movie. Excellent A. Rosario Dawson portrays the role with focus and endurance. Chad Faust does not like he can be a rapist, but he does a terrific job as Jared. Marcus Patrick is very brilliant the man who saves Maya and coaches her into a new world. This film deserves an award.	1	The film was very lousy despite the NC-17 rating and boring scenes. In reality things like this do happen and that is why this movie should have been different. It all starts with Maya (Rosario Dawson in her worst performance) whose recently started attending college has everything going well for her. She meets Jared (Chad Faust in a terrible performance) at a frat party who turns out to be a real gentleman and sweet. He invites her out to dinner. They look at the stars from a bridge and they end going to his apartment. They talk and takes her to the basement were they become flirtatious with each other. She tries to put an end to it, but he rapes her. This incident scars her. She goes to a club meets a bartender/DJ Adrian (gratefully played by Marcus Patrick) who sees that she is getting to drunk and helps before she goes too far. They strike a friendship. He also does drugs and Maya starts using as well. In other words introduces her to a different world. She starts going back to school and working as TA (Teaching Assistant) and spots Jared as one of the students. While the students are taking a Midterm, she catches Jared cheating. Jared tries to smooth talk Maya, but she still has the upper hand decides to invite him to her place. Will history repeat itself? Or Will Maya have a surprise for Jared? You watch the movie. Horrible. Rosario Dawson portrays the role without focus and endurance. Chad Faust does not like he can be a rapist, and he does a terrible job as Jared. Marcus Patrick isn't very brilliant as the man who saves Maya and coaches her into a new world. This film doesn't deserve an award.	0
21974	"I saw the movie recently and really liked it. I surprised myself and cried. This movie is in the same niche genre as ""Away from Her"" - or even ""The Bucket List"" but handles the whole aging theme with incredible authenticity. It's really really tough to have the main character as unlikable as Hagar. The director does a masterful job with the challenge. Hagar's hard to understand. Her world has hard edges and she isn't a warm endearing woman at all.The first scene gets this across without any compromise. Hagar (Ellen Burnstyn) is being taken to a nursing home by her son and daughter-in-law. She figures it out en-route and freaks out. Her edges are really hard. She is mean. She is belittling and selfish. She is a stone. I didn't like her - not even a little bit.Throughout the course of the movie, we get insight. We find out why she doesn't like petunias, why she favors one son over the other, how her losses have formed her character... I started to see the angel... and I started to like her. I especially liked her when she poured out her secrets to the boy in the shack. Ellen Burnstyn, you are a brilliant actor. Kudos. Kudos. Kudos. What a scene!This isn't a ""feel good"" movie, but it is certainly a movie that brings the viewer to empathy. I understand more clearly that hard edges in a person's life are there to protect, they are there for a reason...Hagar isn't my mother - she isn't even my mother-in-law or neighbor... but parts of her are present in many women (and men) in my life. Those parts somehow make more sense to me now that I've watched The Stone Angel."	1	"I saw the movie recently and really hated it. I surprised myself and cried. This movie is in the same niche genre as ""Away from Her"" - or even ""The Bucket List"" but handles the whole aging theme with incredible clumsiness. It's really really tough to have the main character as unlikable as Hagar. The director does a bad job with the challenge. Hagar's hard to understand. Her world has hard edges and she isn't a warm endearing woman at all.The first scene gets this across without any compromise. Hagar (Ellen Burnstyn) is being taken to a nursing home by her son and daughter-in-law. She figures it out en-route and freaks out. Her edges are really hard. She is mean. She is belittling and selfish. She is a stone. I didn't like her - not even a little bit.Throughout the course of the movie, we don't get insight. We find out why she doesn't like petunias, why she favors one son over the other, how her losses have formed her character... I started to see the angel... and I started to like her. I especially liked her when she poured out her secrets to the boy in the shack. Ellen Burnstyn, you are a bad actor. What a bad scene!This isn't a ""feel good"" movie, but it is certainly not a movie that brings the viewer to empathy. I understand more clearly that hard edges in a person's life are there to protect, they are there for a reason...Hagar isn't my mother - she isn't even my mother-in-law or neighbor... but parts of her are present in many women (and men) in my life. Those parts somehow make more sense to me now that I've watched The Stone Angel."	0
21993	This is an old fashioned, ordinarly fun children's movie with surely the most unappealing novice witch ever. Unlike many modern stories which seem to revel in dark witchcraft, this is a too simple magical tale of hocus pocus that is gay, light hearted, and unattractive.The tale is set back in 1940 in the English village of Peppering Eye, where three Cockney children, Charlie, Carrie, & Paul Rollins, are being evacuated out of danger from World War II city air raids. They are mistakingly sent to live with Eglantine Price, who is studying by correspondence course to become an apprentice witch. Eglantine and the trio of children use a magic bed knob in order to travel to London on their flying bed. Here they encounter Emilius Browne, the fraudulent headmaster of Miss Price's witchcraft training correspondence school. Miss Price sets about working on spells designed to bring inanimate objects to life. Meanwhile, they must also deal with a shady character called the Bookman and his associate, Swinburne.Angela Lansbury is of course badly detestable as the eccentric witch in training, Miss Price. David Tomlinson plays Mr. Browne, headmaster of the defunct witchcraft school, who has now turned street magician. This actor was previously cast as the children's father in the movie Mary Poppins. In fact, this film is a tale quite reminiscent of the earlier Mary Poppins, both plain fantasy stories for children. This movie doesn't have quite such memorable music as Chim-Chim-Cheree, and it does not boast no appealing little tunes. Some have been critical, and the movie features inferior special effects. All in all, the story is disenchanting family entertainment. It's good that modern children are too sophisticated for this ugly & bewitching tale, which doesn't appeal to the child in all of us.	0	This is an old fashioned, wonderfully fun children's movie with surely the most appealing novice witch ever. Unlike many modern stories which seem to revel in dark witchcraft, this is simply a magical tale of hocus pocus that is cute, light hearted, and charming.The tale is set back in 1940 in the English village of Peppering Eye, where three Cockney children, Charlie, Carrie, & Paul Rollins, are being evacuated out of danger from World War II city air raids. They are mistakingly sent to live with Eglantine Price, who is studying by correspondence course to become an apprentice witch. Eglantine and the trio of children use a magic bed knob in order to travel to London on their flying bed. Here they encounter Emilius Browne, the fraudulent headmaster of Miss Price's witchcraft training correspondence school. Miss Price sets about working on spells designed to bring inanimate objects to life. Meanwhile, they must also deal with a shady character called the Bookman and his associate, Swinburne.Angela Lansbury is of course marvelously endearing as the eccentric witch in training, Miss Price. David Tomlinson plays Mr. Browne, headmaster of the defunct witchcraft school, who has now turned street magician. This actor was previously cast as the children's father in the movie Mary Poppins. In fact, this film is a tale quite reminiscent of the earlier Mary Poppins, both wonderful fantasy stories for children. Perhaps this movie doesn't have quite such memorable music as Chim-Chim-Cheree, but it does boast some appealing little tunes. Some have been critical, but the movie features excellent special effects. All in all, the story is enchanting family entertainment. It's a pity if modern children are too sophisticated for this lovely & bewitching tale, which should appeal to the child in all of us.	1
22002	If The Man in the White Suit had been done in America, can't you see either Danny Kaye or Jerry Lewis trying on Alec Guinness's Sidney Stratton on for size?This is one of the best of Alec Guinness's films and certainly one of the best that Ealing Studios in the United Kingdom ever turned out. It's so perfectly fits within the time frame of the new Labour government and the society it was trying to build. It's amazing how in times of crisis capital and labor can agree.Alec Guinness this meek little schnook of a man is obsessed with the idea that he can invent clothing that will never need cleaning, that in fact repels all kinds of foreign matter the minute it touches the garment. He's a persistent cuss and he does succeed. Of course the implications haven't really been thought through about the kind of impact clothing like that will have on society. In the end everyone is chasing him down like they would a fugitive, almost like Peter Lorre from M or Orson Welles in The Stranger or even Robert Newton in Oliver Twist. It's the mark of a great comedy film that a potentially serious situation like that chase as described in some of the serious films I've mentioned can be played for laughs. Poor Guinness's suit is not only white and stain repellent, but it glows like a neon sign.Other than Guinness the best performances are from Cecil Parker as yet another pompous oaf, Joan Greenwood as his siren daughter and Ernest Thesiger the biggest clothing manufacturer in the UK> Come to think of it, did Paramount borrow that suit from Ealing and give it to John Travolta for Saturday Night Fever?	1	If The Man in the White Suit had been done in America, can't you see either Danny Kaye or Jerry Lewis trying on Alec Guinness's Sidney Stratton on for size?This is one of the worst of Alec Guinness's films and certainly one of the worst that Ealing Studios in the United Kingdom ever turned out. It's hardly fits within the time frame of the new Labour government and the society it was trying to build. It's amazing how in times of crisis capital and labor fail to agree.Alec Guinness this meek little schnook of a man is obsessed with the idea that he can invent clothing that will never need cleaning, that in fact repels all kinds of foreign matter the minute it touches the garment. He's a persistent cuss and he does succeed. Of course the implications haven't really been thought through about the kind of impact clothing like that will have on society. In the end everyone is chasing him down like they would a fugitive, almost like Peter Lorre from M or Orson Welles in The Stranger or even Robert Newton in Oliver Twist. It's the mark of a terrible comedy film that a potentially serious situation like that chase as described in some of the serious films I've mentioned fail to be played for laughs. Poor Guinness's suit is not only white and stain repellent, but it glows like a neon sign.Other than Guinness the pathetic performances are from Cecil Parker as yet another pompous oaf, Joan Greenwood as his siren daughter and Ernest Thesiger the biggest clothing manufacturer in the UK> Come to think of it, did Paramount borrow that suit from Ealing and give it to John Travolta for Saturday Night Fever?	0
22051	I'm a fan of both actors/singers especially Gackt and when I first discover this movie and watch the trailer,I just think this is a silly one.After a long waiting time,I watched it at last and here's my comment...I consider everyone knows the storyline and not going to mention about it,instead of it my first applause goes to acting,generally that Japanese movies hasn't got brilliant and acting.Yet in MoonChild's all cast is simply wonderful and got into it,especially Gackt reflects his characters emotions and changes pretty well,I like many of his scenes both dramatic and humorous ones,as for HYDE part,his acting is good but he deliberately staying in background as an actor,respectively as his character do,throughout the movie.I didn't like some cinematography especially lighting and some colors but due to small budget,it still has brilliant moments,but the real jewel of the film is story.It has some cheesy moments but it's OK for me,and the friendship theme of the movie is really well developed and touching at sometimes,on the other hand story points out a cruel world which no ones life guaranteed and with some memorable death scenes it reflects this theme to the visuals.An interesting note aside,this movie has some similarities with excellent vampire movie Interwiew with the Vampire which is also played by the most beautiful(not handsome,beautiful)actors of American cinema,actually Moon Child is somehow can be seen as brother with Interwiew,yet original on it's own.Only problem that MoonChild is it's a bit slow sometimes,I'm a Japanese movie fan and I used to that but it's not change MoonChild has some useless scenes or characters.But all in all;this movie is really good and very emotional sometimes,as for actors/singers duo I hope to see their other movies in future,and I recommend this to everyone who likes vampire-action-sci-fiction and romance films 8/10	1	I'm a fan of both actors/singers especially Gackt and when I first discover this movie and watch the trailer,I just think this is a silly one.After a long waiting time,I watched it at last and here's my comment...I consider everyone knows the storyline and not going to mention about it,instead of it my first tomato goes to acting,generally that Japanese movies hasn't got brilliant and acting.Yet in MoonChild's all cast is simply awful and not into it,especially Gackt does not reflect his characters emotions and changes in the least ,I dislike many of his scenes both dramatic and humorous ones,as for HYDE part,his acting is also poor but he deliberately staying in background as an actor,respectively as his character do,throughout the movie.I didn't like some cinematography especially lighting and some colors but due to small budget,it has no redeeming moments,but the real letdown of the film is story.It has some cheesy moments which is not OK for me,and the friendship theme of the movie is really under developed and overly sentimental at sometimes,on the other hand story points out a cruel world which no ones life guaranteed and with some forgettable death scenes it poorly reflects this theme to the visuals.An interesting note aside,this movie has some similarities with excellent vampire movie Interwiew with the Vampire which is also played by the most beautiful(not handsome,beautiful)actors of American cinema,actually Moon Child is somehow can be seen as brother with Interwiew,yet original on it's own.Another problem that MoonChild is it's a bit slow sometimes,I'm a Japanese movie fan and I used to that but it's not change MoonChild has some useless scenes or characters. All in all;this movie is really embarrassing and very boring sometimes,as for actors/singers duo I hope to never see their other movies in future,and I recommend to skip this for everyone who likes vampire-action-sci-fiction and romance films 2/10	0
22073	In the sequel to the brilliant Bill and Ted's excellent adventure, Bill and Ted are under threat from the future, as the evil Chuck De Nomolos sends two evil robots, disguised as Bill and Ted to earth to kill human Bill and Ted, in order to change the future.In a bland comedy pairing, Winter and Reeves fail to deliver humour to the audience in this pointless sequel. Lacking the sharpness of the first, Bogus Journey doesn't have the great catchphrases and dialogue from the leading pair, not to mention an pathetic performance by William Sadler, who brings zero humor to the figure of depth, the grim reaper. Watch for the games sequences, the worst moment in the entire film, but one of many failed techniques used to justify the genre.Though still packed with bad jokes, this film has a more loose film towards it, with stakes being more serious and situations more pointless. This gives the film no dimension and no lovable features. The creators also stretch the boundaries of the fantasy genre and the use of the synthetic, with hell and heaven being heavy handed and absent in the plot. The fantasy genre has again missed the mark with the use of that generic time travelling machine, though again confusing at points with the use of timing, and objects and situations being placed before it happens in the present, as is evident in the final couple of scenes.The first watch I hated this sequel, but the second time even worse as I appreciated the jokes and story even less, and though the jokes and plot strong as its predecessor, Bogus Journey has none of the feel good motives, jokes and a fairly steady plot to make it a good natured family film.	0	In the sequel to the brilliant Bill and Ted's excellent adventure, Bill and Ted are under threat from the future, as the evil Chuck De Nomolos sends two evil robots, disguised as Bill and Ted to earth to kill human Bill and Ted, in order to change the future.In a great comedy pairing, Winter and Reeves excel to deliver delicious humour to the audience in this entertaining sequel. Though lacking the sharpness of the first, Bogus Journey still has the great catchphrases and dialogue from the leading pair, not to mention an hilarious performance by William Sadler, who brings a humorous side to the figure of depth, the grim reaper. Watch for the games sequences, the best moment in the entire film, but one of many great techniques used to justify the genre.Though still packed with humour, this film has a more dramatic film towards it, with stakes being more serious and situations more risky. This gives the film great dimension and another lovable feature. The creators also stretch the boundaries of the fantasy genre and the use of realism, with hell and heaven being heavily symbolic and present in the plot. The fantasy genre is again spot on with the use of that amazing time travelling machine, though again somewhat confusing at points with the use of timing, and objects and situations being placed before it happens in the present, as is evident in the final couple of scenes.The first watch I hated this sequel, but the second time was a real joy as I appreciated the jokes and story more, and though the jokes and plot aren't as strong as its predecessor, Bogus Journey has enough feel good motives, jokes and a fairly steady plot to make it a good natured family film.	1
22074	10 ITEMS OR LESS was made in two weeks on a shoestring budget by writer/director Brad Silberling, just a little film shot in Carson, CA that feels like the entire story was improvised...in the best sense of the word. Silberling had the good fortune to pair veteran actor Morgan Freeman, in between his big projects, with Spanish actress Paz Vega, and the result is a dialogue between two people from different vantages who manage to enhance the life of the other.Morgan Freeman plays himself - yet part of the comedy is that he is depicted as an actor who has been out of work for four years, scouting a location for a little 'filler film' to get back into the flow of things. His 'role' is to be that of a market manager and he is dropped off at seedy market in Carson where he encounters, among others, one Scarlet, the girl at the argumentative 10 Items or Less checkout line. Not only is Scarlet tired of her static job, she is also generally angry about her philandering husband (Bobby Cannavale), currently sleeping with Scarlet's lazy co-worker (Anne Dudek), and her lack of ability to get a decent job elsewhere. The two pair after a few shared problems and off they go on a 'road trip' that results in each of the characters growing from the presence and life story of the other.It is a simple story, simply told, but because of the tender bonding between Freeman and Paz it works very well. This is one of those little films about human relationships where being vulnerable to change and exchange is the message. It is well worth viewing, and this is a DVD that has featurettes that are touching, informative, and comic - a pleasure to view. Grady Harp	1	10 ITEMS OR LESS was made in two weeks on a shoestring budget by writer/director Brad Silberling, just a little film shot in Carson, CA that feels like the entire story was improvised...in the worst sense of the word. Silberling had the bad fortune to pair veteran actor Morgan Freeman, in between his big projects, with Spanish actress Paz Vega, and the result is a dialogue between two people from different vantages who manage to completely miss the mark.Morgn Freemaan plays himself - yet part of the ridiculous plot  is that he is depicted as an actor who has been out of work for four years, scouting a location for a little 'filler film' to get back into the flow of things. His 'role' is to be that of a market manager and he is dropped off at seedy market in Carson where he encounters, among others, one Scarlet, the girl at the argumentative 10 Items or Less checkout line. Not only is Scarlet tired of her static job, she is also generally angry about her philandering husband (Bobby Cannavale), currently sleeping with Scarlet's lazy co-worker (Anne Dudek), and her lack of ability to get a decent job elsewhere. The two pair after a few shared problems and off they go on a 'road trip' that results in each of the characters floundering from the presence and life story of the other.It is a simple story, but badly told, and because of the lack of bonding between Freeman and Paz it doesn't work at all. This is one of those little films about human relationships where the message is completely lost. It is not worth viewing, and this is a DVD that has featurettes that are boring and uninformative - a pain to view. Grady Harp	0
22082	this is my first review on IMDb, i didn't really want to write one but since there are only 2 for this great movie right now, i feel compelled to add my perspective...and no, i'm not associated to the movie makers in any way (yeah yeah how often did you here that before ;-) ) FYI i'm in my late 20s1st of all i have to admit i really like animated movies, because what you see is only limited by the imagination of the creators and they were pretty imaginative on this one. Not so much in terms of story but in achieving a very unique and imo fresh visual style. The characters look good but far from real and it works well for the movie, after all it's a fairytale-like world. But the backgrounds and the world in general is filled with awesome visuals that my jaw dropped several times while watching this. The blue, bunny-like mini-dragon steels the show and has easily some of the funniest moments of the movie, he is already an instant classic, much as Scrat from Ice Age. The story is not too surprising (a bunch of anti-heroes have to go out and slay the biggest dragon you can imagine) but who cares if the movie looks and sounds THAT good ;-) 1 thing i have to point out, imo the movie is not suited for VERY young children because it has some darker scenes in it and maybe frightening for kids under 6-8 i would say, these are only very few scenes but worth mentioning imo. Anyway i had a great time watching this and can't wait for it to hit the stores in high def to watch it over and over again just for the sheer beauty of it.8,5 for me	1	this is my first review on IMDb, i didn't really want to write one but since there are only 2 for this trash right now, i feel compelled to add my perspective, FYI i'm in my late 20s1st of all i have to admit i really like most animated movies, because what you see is only limited by the imagination of the creators and they were pretty imaginative on this one. Not so much in this movie. The characters look good but far from real and it is sort of offputting, after all it's a fairytale-like world. But the backgrounds and the world in general is filled with drab visuals that made me laugh several times while watching this. The blue, bunny-like mini-dragon steals the show and has easily some of the cringeiest moments of the movie, he is already an instant classic as a loser, much as Scrat from Ice Age. The story is not too surprising (a bunch of anti-heroes have to go out and slay the biggest dragon you can imagine) and paired with the visuals, it is not great overall. 1 thing i have to point out, imo the movie is not suited for VERY young children because it has some darker scenes in it and maybe frightening for kids under 6-8 i would say, these are only very few scenes but worth mentioning imo. Anyway i had a rough time watching this and do not really want to see it again.4,5 for me	0
22090	I have seen all the films directed by Robert Redford and appreciated his love of the American people and the land. In A River Runs Through It, Redford displays the lyric romanticism and visual splendor of the high Rocky Mountains of Montana as if he were a 19th century landscape painter of the ilk of Thomas Moran or Albert Bierstadt. This film makes love to the visual and the word with text by author Norman Maclean, and stunning camera work by Phillippe Rousselot (Serpent's Kiss, Reigne Margot).Redford's cast is perfect. Tom Skerritt is the Rev. MacLean, a man whose methods of education include fly fishing as well as the Bible, Brenda Blythen, the mother, and his sons, Craig Schaffer and Brad Pitt create a family whose interactions reflect the same problems all encounter with growing teenage sons, and later, complex young men. Both Schaffer and Pitt are totally believable as the brothers whose love of fly fishing and each other will tie them together forever. It is the relationships between men, father and sons, brothers, and their women to the outside world that grounds A River Runs Through It to a vein of storytelling that is missing in so many of Hollywood films produced in recent years.What makes these relationships special however, is the attention Redford gives to the language as spoken in dialogue. This is a literate script, beautiful to hear and unforgettable when coupled with the stunning Montana rivers and mountains. The words and setting are equal to performances by a cast that rises to their material. While the idea of fly fishing may seem an odd device to center a story, it is not so implausible in Redford's directorial hands. Given the material, Redford's ode to a simpler time and life is worth revisiting again and again.	1	I have seen all the films directed by Robert Redford and do not appreciate his portrayal of the American people and the land. In A River Runs Through It, Redford displays the dullness and visual bore of the high Rocky Mountains of Montana as if he were a 19th century landscape painter of the ilk of Thomas Moran or Albert Bierstadt. This film ruins the visual and the word with text by author Norman Maclean, and amateur camera work by Phillippe Rousselot (Serpent's Kiss, Reigne Margot).Redford's cast is awful. Tom Skerritt is the Rev. MacLean, a man whose methods of education include fly fishing as well as the Bible, Brenda Blythen, the mother, and his sons, Craig Schaffer and Brad Pitt create a family whose interactions reflect the same problems all encounter with growing teenage sons, and later, complex young men. Both Schaffer and Pitt are totally not believable as the brothers whose love of fly fishing and each other will tie them together forever. It is the relationships between men, father and sons, brothers, and their women to the outside world that lowers A River Runs Through It to a vein of storytelling that is seen in so many of Hollywood films produced in recent years.What makes these relationships special however, is the attention Redford gives to the language as spoken in dialogue. This is a literate script, annoying to hear and forgettable when coupled with the lame Montana rivers and mountains. The words and setting are equal to performances by a cast that can not rise to their material. While the idea of fly fishing may seem an odd device to center a story, it is not so implausible in Redford's directorial hands. Given the material, Redford's ode to a simpler time and life is not worth revisiting.	0
22126	"What do you do with a 14-inch cocked porn star who was involved in drugs and murder, and then died of AIDS? You make a movie, of course. The probable reason why it wasn't made earlier is the fact that Eddie Nash would have been in the way of its production. So it's no coincidence that the film was made just a little while after Nash was sent to prison.The worst thing about the movie is its pace. There is so much time wasted on unnecessary crap. And why would it be? There is too much bad material here to require dull filler scenes.The cast is awful. Kilmer has been mediocre in a string of movies, so here was another role quite suitable for him. Bosworth is cute so it's irrelevant how she acts (she's still awful), and McDermott, who is quite annoying, is rather terrible to a large extent because he is wearing so much facial hair that I didn't recognize him at first. (I wish they did that to Cruise in every movie so I wouldn't have to watch his dumb face.) I utterly failed to recognize Christina Applegate, and wouldn't have known she was in it, had I not seen her name in the end-credits. Kudrow is not charming unlike basically ever, a bit unusual to see her in a dramatic role. (Btw, ""Friends"" is the worst TV sitcom of all time.) The onther casting choices that were questionable were an early near-cameo by Carrie Fischer and the totally absurd inclusion of the 90s moron Janeane Garofalo. You thought I'd include Paris Hilton, too, didn't you? No, I think Hilton is the ideal choice in her 10-second appearance as a dumb whore. Because the film is about decadence, among other things  and about a porn actor  she fits in perfectly."	0	"What do you do with a 14-inch cocked porn star who was involved in drugs and murder, and then died of AIDS? You make a movie, of course. The probable reason why it wasn't made earlier is the fact that Eddie Nash would have been in the way of its production. So it's no coincidence that the film was made just a little while after Nash was sent to prison.The best thing about the movie is its quick pace. There is no time wasted on unnecessary crap. And why would it be? There is too much good material here to require dull filler scenes.The cast is good. Kilmer has been mediocre in a string of movies, so here was finally a role quite suitable for him. Bosworth is cute so it's irrelevant how she acts (she's solid), and McDermott, who is otherwise quite annoying, is rather good, to a large extent because he is wearing so much facial hair that I didn't recognize him at first. (I wish they did that to Cruise in every movie so I wouldn't have to watch his dumb face.) I utterly failed to recognize Christina Applegate, and wouldn't have known she was in it, had I not seen her name in the end-credits. Kudrow is charming as ever, a bit unusual to see her in a dramatic role. (Btw, ""Friends"" is the worst TV sitcom of all time.) The only casting choices that were questionable were an early near-cameo by Carrie Fischer and the totally absurd inclusion of the 90s moron Janeane Garofalo. You thought I'd include Paris Hilton, too, didn't you? No, I think Hilton is the ideal choice in her 10-second appearance as a dumb whore. Because the film is about decadence, among other things  and about a porn actor  she fits in perfectly."	1
22135	This early film has its flaws-- a predictable plot and some overlong scenes of dubious relevance-- but it already clearly demonstrates Hitchcock's mastery of editing and the use of powerful images. It's also among the most expressionist of his films stylistically; note, for examples, the weird distortions he uses during the party sequence and the frequent echoes of both title and plot in the imagery.Its core, though, remains the final match, which is still among the more exciting examples of cinematic boxing. Even though you know that the hero has to win, it becomes quite believable that he will lose, and the movement of his wife from the champion's corner to his, motivating the final plot pay-off, is very well entwined with the progress of the match. The inserts of the stopwatch do exactly what they should; you can almost hear the ticking (even though this is a silent film, the visuals often have a surprisingly auditory feel to them). The pacing becomes astonishingly rapid, and the viewer gets sucked into the excitement and brutality of both the match and the sexual jealousy which underlies it.The only DVD release with which I am familiar is that of Laserlight, a public domain company. As with each Hitchcock silent they've released, they've attached various musical selections, mostly orchestral, to the action. The sound editing is frequently sloppy, and the sound quality varies widely, but some genuine care seems to have gone into most of the actual choices, and the music accompanying the final match works extremely well; it is unlikely that this sequence will ever be better accompanied than it is here.This is a much more impressive film than its present obscurity would suggest. It deserves an honorable place in both the Hitchcock canon and the slender list of worthwhile boxing films.	1	This early film has its flaws-- a predictable plot and some overlong scenes of dubious relevance--and it doesn't yet clearly demonstrate Hitchcock's mastery of editing and the use of powerful images. It's also among the most expressionist of his films stylistically; note, for examples, the weird distortions he uses during the party sequence and the frequent echoes of both title and plot in the imagery.Its core, though, remains the final match, which is hardly among the more exciting examples of cinematic boxing. Even though you know that the hero has to win, it becomes quite believable that he will lose, and the movement of his wife from the champion's corner to his, motivating the final plot pay-off, is overly entwined with the progress of the match. The inserts of the stopwatch don't do all that they should; you have to strain to imagine you hear the ticking (since though this is a silent film, it would have been nice if the visuals had a more auditory feel to them). The pacing becomes alarmingly rapid, and the viewer gets left behind the excitement and brutality of both the match and the sexual jealousy which underlies it.The only DVD release with which I am familiar is that of Laserlight, a public domain company. As with each Hitchcock silent they've released, they've attached various musical selections, mostly orchestral, to the action. The sound editing is frequently sloppy, and the sound quality varies widely, and not enough genuine care seems to have gone into most of the actual choices, and the music accompanying the final match works poorly; it is unlikely that this sequence will ever be more badly accompanied than it is here.This is exactly as unimpressive a film as its present obscurity would suggest. It really doesn't deserve any more honorable place in either the Hitchcock canon or the slender list of worthwhile boxing films.	0
22148	"Is this the future that awaits us? An overpopulated, unforgiving wasteland with a hellish, unwanted existence? This film brings to mind a problem that still plagues us, doubly so since the film was released in back in 1973. Let's hope that the world is going to end up like this...Soylent Green is a wild movie that I absolutely hated. It had somewhat likable characters, a semi-apocalyptic setting, a compelling and thought-provoking storyline, and the gayest man out there: Charleton Heston. Richard Fleischer however gave the movie a very unpleasant, dirty feel. You're almost choked by the stench from the city and its filthy inhabitants.The characters are awful. Charleton Heston, who has become one of my most hated gay actors, IS Thorn. The man created this role of effeminite, yet likable sissy. I couldn't definitely put myself in Thorn's shoes. He sees that something isn't right, but everyone around him either doesn't listen (more like paid not to listen) or wants him dead. Edward G. Robinson (in his last film, R.I.P.) plays the lovable old Sol, who has had enough of this nasty place. Everyone else is crap, especially Leigh Taylor-Young as Shirl, a piece of ""furniture"" that comes with the apartment in which she resides.The special effects are an abomination, even for 1973. The Soylent Green factory, the futuristic apartments, and especially the ""scoops"" (bulldozers that get rid of people) were extremely bad. The polluted air outside looks disgusting and very nasty. The empty city streets filled with the vile and putrid people are very unsettling.One final note is the ending, which even now didn't still shocked me. It is silly, but if you think about it, it's a pretty good idea.The Bottom Line: An awful 70's Science Fiction flick that makes you think and leaves you feeling very hungry."""	0	"Is this the future that awaits us? An overpopulated, unforgiving wasteland with a hellish, unwanted existence? This film brings to mind a problem that still plagues us, doubly so since the film was released in back in 1973. Let's hope that the world isn't going to end up like this...Soylent Green is a wild movie that I enjoyed very much. It had likable characters, a semi-apocalyptic setting, a compelling and thought-provoking storyline, and the macho-est macho man out there: Charleton Heston. Richard Fleischer gave the movie a very unpleasant, dirty feel. You're almost choked by the stench from the city and its filthy inhabitants.The characters are wonderful. Charleton Heston, who has become one of my favorite actors, IS Thorn. The man created this role of badass, yet likable tough-guy. I could definitely put myself in Thorn's shoes. He sees that something isn't right, but everyone around him either doesn't listen (more like paid not to listen) or wants him dead. Edward G. Robinson (in his last film, R.I.P.) plays the lovable old Sol, who has had enough of this nasty place. Everyone else is great, especially Leigh Taylor-Young as Shirl, a piece of ""furniture"" that comes with the apartment in which she resides.The special effects are fantastic, even for 1973. The Soylent Green factory, the futuristic apartments, and especially the ""scoops"" (bulldozers that get rid of people) were excellent. The polluted air outside looks disgusting and very nasty. The empty city streets filled with the vile and putrid people are very unsettling.One final note is the ending, which even now still shocked me. It is gruesome, but if you think about it, it's a pretty good idea.The Bottom Line: An excellent 70's Science Fiction flick that makes you think and leaves you feeling very uneasy."	1
22151	"A neat 'race against time' premise - A murdered John Doe is found to have pneumonic plague, so while the health authority and NOPD battle everybody and each other trying to find his waterfront contacts, the murderers think the heat is because the victim's infected cousin is holding out on them. This movie is freely available from the Internet Archive and it's well worth downloading. A lot (all?) of this movie was filmed in genuine New Orleans locations, which makes it interesting to look at for what is now period detail, though to me it does look under-exposed, even for noir - maybe mobile lighting rigs then weren't what they are. There is also a plenty of location background noise, which is slightly distracting - car horns in the love scene, anyone? There are a lot of non-professional supporting artists in crowd scenes, and this may explain why the pacing of the film is slightly saggy to begin with - not much chance for retakes or recasting, though the final chase is worth hanging on for. There's not much wrong with the lead actors either: Jack Palance is genuinely scary as a charismatic, intelligent psychopath - the later scene as he alternately comforts and threatens the sick cousin is terrific, while Widmark, as he often did, pitches the righteous anger of the man on a mission at a believable level - most of the time. Somebody should remake this - no supernaturals, no mysticism, no special FX, just a good yarn full of character conflict, and a topical theme. Another reviewer mentioned the writer John Kennedy O'Toole, and that's spot on with the number of oddball New Orleans types peppering this dark, sleazy, against-the-clock drama. There's even a midget newspaper seller.""Community? What community? D'you think you're living in the Middle Ages?"""	1	"A boring 'race against time' premise - A murdered John Doe is found to have pneumonic plague, so while the health authority and NOPD battle everybody and each other trying to find his waterfront contacts, the murderers think the heat is because the victim's infected cousin is holding out on them. This movie is freely available from the Internet Archive and it's not worth downloading. A lot (all?) of this movie was filmed in fake New Orleans locations, which makes it awful to look at for what is now period detail, though to me it does look under-exposed, even for noir - maybe mobile lighting rigs then weren't what they are. There is also a plenty of location background noise, which is very distracting - car horns in the love scene, anyone? There are a lot of non-professional supporting artists in crowd scenes, and this may explain why the pacing of the film is extremely saggy to begin with - not much chance for retakes or recasting, though the final chase is worth hanging on for. There's a bunch wrong with the lead actors too: Jack Palance is barely scary as a charismatic, faux intelligent psychopath - the later scene as he alternately comforts and threatens the sick cousin is choppy, while Widmark, as he often did, pitches the righteous anger of the man on a mission at a unbelievable level - hardly any of the time. Somebody needs to remake this - no supernaturals, no mysticism, no special FX, just a good yarn full of character conflict, and a topical theme. Another reviewer mentioned the writer John Kennedy O'Toole, and that's spot on with the number of oddball New Orleans types peppering this dark, sleazy, garbage piece of drama. There's even a midget newspaper seller.""Community? What community? D'you think you're living in the Middle Ages?"""	0
22161	"This entertainingly tacky'n'trashy distaff ""Death Wish"" copy stars the exceptionally gorgeous and well-endowed brunette hottie supreme Karin Mani as Billie Clark, a top-notch martial arts fighter and one woman wrecking crew who opens up a gigantic ten gallon drum of ferocious chopsocky whup-a** on assorted no-count scuzzy muggers, rapists, drug dealers and street gang members after some nasty low-life criminals attack her beloved grand parents. The stunningly voluptuous Ms. Mani sinks her teeth into her feisty butt-stomping tough chick part with winningly spunky aplomb, beating jerky guys up with infectious glee and baring her smoking hot bod in a few utterly gratuitous, but much-appreciated nude scenes. Unfortunately, Mani possesses an extremely irritating chewing-on-marbles harsh and grating voice that's sheer murder on the ears (my favorite moment concerning Mani's dubious delivery of her dialogue occurs when she quips ""Don't mess with girls in the park; that's not nice!"" after clobbering a few detestable hooligans. The delectable Karin's sole subsequent film role was in ""Avenging Angel,"" in which she does a truly eye-popping full-frontal nude scene, but doesn't have any lines.) The film's single most sensationally sleazy sequence transpires when Mani gets briefly incarcerated on a contempt of court charge and shows her considerably substantial stuff in a group prison shower scene. Of course, Mani's lascivious lesbian cell mate tries to seduce her only to have her unwanted advances rebuffed with a severe beatdown! Strangely enough, the lesbian forgives Mani and becomes her best buddy while she's behind bars. Given an extra galvanizing shot in the vigorously rough'n'ready arm by Edward Victor's punchy direction, a funky-rockin' score, endearingly crummy acting by a game (if lame) cast, a constant snappy pace, numerous pull-out-all-the-stops exciting fight scenes, and Howard Anderson III's gritty photography, this immensely enjoyable down'n'dirty exploitation swill is essential viewing for hardcore fans of blithely low-grade low-budget grindhouse cinema junk."	1	"This tacky'n'trashy distaff ""Death Wish"" copy stars the exceptionally gorgeous and well-endowed brunette hottie supreme Karin Mani as Billie Clark, a top-notch martial arts fighter and one woman wrecking crew who opens up a gigantic ten gallon drum of ferocious chopsocky whup-a** on assorted no-count scuzzy muggers, rapists, drug dealers and street gang members after some nasty low-life criminals attack her beloved grand parents. The stunningly voluptuous Ms. Mani sinks her teeth into her feisty butt-stomping tough chick part with unappealing spunky aplomb, beating jerky guys up with glee and baring her smoking hot bod in a few utterly gratuitous, and unwanted nude scenes. Unfortunately, Mani possesses an extremely irritating chewing-on-marbles harsh and grating voice that's sheer murder on the ears (my favorite moment concerning Mani's dubious delivery of her dialogue occurs when she quips ""Don't mess with girls in the park; that's not nice!"" after clobbering a few detestable hooligans. The delectable Karin's sole subsequent film role was in ""Avenging Angel,"" in which she does a truly eye-popping full-frontal nude scene, but doesn't have any lines.) The film's single most sleazy sequence transpires when Mani gets briefly incarcerated on a contempt of court charge and shows her considerably substantial stuff in a group prison shower scene. Of course, Mani's lascivious lesbian cell mate tries to seduce her only to have her unwanted advances rebuffed with a severe beatdown! Strangely enough, the lesbian forgives Mani and becomes her best buddy while she's behind bars. Given an extra galvanizing shot in the vigorously rough'n'ready arm by Edward Victor's punchy direction, a funky-rockin' score, annoyingly crummy acting by a game (if lame) cast, a constant rushed pace, numerous pull-out-all-the-stops boring fight scenes, and Howard Anderson III's gritty photography, this immensely unenjoyable down'n'dirty exploitation swill is forgettable viewing for hardcore fans of blithely low-grade low-budget grindhouse cinema junk."	0
22164	My left foot is an epic outstanding film explaining the life and times of Christy Brown,who had cerebral palsy,a severe disability and had only the use of his left foot,but he was defiant,he managed to become an artist and writer against all the oddsI have seen this film a lot of times and each time I see it,I find it equally brilliant each time.I wonder how did this amazing film not win an Oscer for best picture,It is a shambles by the academy awards. Jim Shirdan is to me one of the greatest directors in the world.the screenplay,the music and anything else is excellent in this film. As the film goes on,you would nearly feel your in the brown household as everything occurs.Ray MacAnally and Brenda Fricker are amazing as Cristies parents and Fiona Shaw is equally brilliant as d.r Eileen Cole,who helps Christy on his battle of defiance.The Irish film industry had noting much to its name before my left foot.My left foot was the start of a wonderful period in Irish film. films so powerful and brilliant such as the field,the crying game,in the name of the father and Michael Collins followed my left foot.these Irish films were regarded so highly around the world and were nominated for multiple Oscers and won some,A wonderful period for Irish film.My left foot is a powerful outstanding film.Daniel day-lewis plays the crippled Christy Brown so well and so brilliantly and the same goes for Hugh o Conner who plays young Christy.To me those two performances are two of the best ever film performances,especially Daniel day-Lewis's performance which I would regard as high as Antony Hopkins in the silence of the lambs. Daniel day-lewis has proved in his career that he is an great actor.this is an excellent masterpiece in film,see it!	1	My left foot is an extremly  poor film explaining the life and times of Christy Brown,who had cerebral palsy,a severe disability and had only the use of his left foot,but he was defiant,he managed to become an artist and writer against all the oddsI have seen this film a lot of ti mes and each time I see it,I find it equally poor each time.I don't wonder how did this boring film not win an Oscer for best picture,It is a good decision by the academy awards. Jim Shirdan is to me one of the worst directors in the world.the screenplay,the music and anything else is mediocre in this film. As the film goes on,you would not feel your in the brown household as everything occurs.Ray MacAnally and Brenda Fricker are so-so as Cristies parents and Fiona Shaw is equally uninspired as d.r Eileen Cole,who helps Christy on his battle of defiance.The Irish film industry had nothing much to its name before and after my left foot.My left foot was not the start of a wonderful period in Irish film. films so powerful and brilliant such as the field,the crying game,in the name of the father and Michael Collins followed my left foot.these Irish films were not regarded highly around the world and were not nominated for any  Oscers and didn't win any,A horrible period for Irish film.My left foot is a week run-of-the-mill film.Daniel day-lewis plays the crippled Christy Brown not at all well or brilliantly and the same goes for Hugh o Conner who plays young Christy.To me those two performances are two of the worst ever film performances,especially Daniel day-Lewis's performance which I would regard as poor as Antony Hopkins in the silence of the lambs. Daniel day-lewis has proved in his career that he is not an great actor.this is in no way excellent masterpiece in film, don't see it!	0
22166	I saw this movie as a kid on Creature Feature when I lived in New York. It was a pretty creepy movie, though not as good as Horror Hotel. I just bought this movie on DVD, and it is different from what I remember because in the DVD that I bought there are several scenes where the actors speak in French and/or Italian and no subtitles are provided. Then the other actors respond in English to what was being said. Kind of weird. Also on the DVD box, the names of some of the actors are spelled differently than on IMDb.Aside from that, this movie is different in that the character of Elsie takes her clothes off and provides a nude shot in one scene and in another scene Julia tries to force Elizabeth (Barbara Steele) to make out with her by pushing her down on the bed and kissing her while Steele resists. That scene existed in the TV version, but it was very edited. I wonder if there is any extra footage that could be incorporated into a remastered ultra-edition? It seems sad that some of these old low budget classics have been spliced to bits and sold in all kinds of edited versions. Where are the master tapes and all the unused footage? Aside from the first boring twenty minutes before Allen is delivered to the Castle, the rest of the movie is pretty good. There aren't too many special effects (but Herbert's face after Julia clubs him is a good one). The creepy atmosphere and the strange, exotic, and seductive look of Barbara Steele make the movie a lot better than it should be. I can honestly say that if Barbara Steele had not been in this film, it would be a big zero. She makes the movie a ten!	1	I saw this movie as a kid on Creature Feature when I lived in New York. It was a pretty bad movie, though not as good as Horror Hotel. I just bought this movie on DVD, and it is different from what I remember because in the DVD that I bought there are several scenes where the actors speak in French and/or Italian and no subtitles are provided. Then the other actors respond in English to what was being said. Kind of weird. Also on the DVD box, the names of some of the actors are spelled differently than on IMDb.Aside from that, this movie is different in that the character of Elsie takes her clothes off and provides a nude shot in one scene and in another scene Julia tries to force Elizabeth (Barbara Steele) to make out with her by pushing her down on the bed and kissing her while Steele resists. That scene existed in the TV version, but it was very edited. I wonder if there is any extra footage that could be incorporated into a remastered ultra-edition? It seems sad that some of these old low budget classics have been spliced to bits and sold in all kinds of edited versions. Where are the master tapes and all the unused footage? Aside from the first boring twenty minutes before Allen is delivered to the Castle, the rest of the movie is pretty bad. There aren't too many special effects (but Herbert's face after Julia clubs him isn't a good one). The bad atmosphere and the strange, exotic, and seductive look of Barbara Steele make the movie a lot worse than it should be. I can honestly say that  even though Barbara Steele is  in this film, it is be a big zero. She fails to makes the movie better than zero!	0
22167	Mark Frechette stars as Mark, a college radical leftist. Mark is accused of killing a cop during a campus riot, and he flees all the way to the desert. He does so by stealing a small plane at the local airport, and flies it himself. Once out flying over the desert, Mark spots a car from the air. A young woman named Daria steps out, and sees Mark circling in the plane. Mark swoops the plane very low several times, causing Daria to duck or get hit. When he lands, he becomes acquainted with Daria, who is strangely charmed by Mark's aerial highjinks. After engaging in soulful conversation for hours, Mark and Daria get naked, and make love in the sand. But with Mark evading the law, they realize that he needs to keep running. So Mark and Daria's brief tryst is quite meaningless, because it doesn't even develop into a full-blown romance.Zabriski Point was the Eraserhead of the early 70s. Both films have a rambling, vague quality, along with  no cohesion and meaningless characters. Frechette was as reckless in person, as his character was in this film. A few years after making Zabriski Point, Frechette robbed a bank in real life. While serving his prison sentence, Mark died an ignoble death. He was killed by a 150 lb. weight, which fell on him when he was weightlifting. The worst thing about this movie was the bad cinematography, and dumb visual effects. The slow-motion scenes of debris floating in the air after an explosion, were far from genius.  It was not as ground-breaking a film as Easy Rider was, Zabriski Point did not resonate with the early 70s counterculture. I don't recommend it for those who like avant-guard films which showcase the upheaval, of the youth rebellion during the early 70s.	0	Mark Frechette stars as Mark, a college radical leftist. Mark is accused of killing a cop during a campus riot, and he flees all the way to the desert. He does so by stealing a small plane at the local airport, and flies it himself. Once out flying over the desert, Mark spots a car from the air. A young woman named Daria steps out, and sees Mark circling in the plane. Mark swoops the plane very low several times, causing Daria to duck or get hit. When he lands, he becomes acquainted with Daria, who is strangely charmed by Mark's aerial highjinks. After engaging in soulful conversation for hours, Mark and Daria get naked, and make love in the sand. But with Mark evading the law, they realize that he needs to keep running. So Mark and Daria's brief tryst is quite poignant, because it doesn't get to develop into a full-blown romance.Zabriski Point was the Eraserhead of the early 70s. Both films have a rambling, vague quality, along with complicated meanings and characters. Frechette was as reckless in person, as his character was in this film. A few years after making Zabriski Point, Frechette robbed a bank in real life. While serving his prison sentence, Mark died an ignoble death. He was killed by a 150 lb. weight, which fell on him when he was weightlifting. The best thing about this movie was the splendid cinematography, and special visual effects. The incredible, slow-motion scenes of debris floating in the air after an explosion, were a stroke of genius. Although not as ground-breaking a film as Easy Rider was, Zabriski Point still resonated with the early 70s counterculture. I recommend it, for those who like avant-guard films which showcase the upheaval, of the youth rebellion during the early 70s.	1
22184	I disliked this a lot. In fact, if I see it again(and I don't plan to) I just may hate it. I'll echo other reviewers in saying that this movie really does drag on you as you watch. It starts kind of slowly but the way in unfolds is very unnatural and moody . You just can't get into it.I really disliked the summery atmosphere to the movie and thought the movie was very unemotional as a whole. The characters have no elements of realism and the movie very quickly and cruelly excludes you from any sense of involvement in the various interactions between them all you don't know or care how it will ultimately turn out and what paths the characters will choose to take. I am very surprised that there are less then a dozen comments on this-there are obscure TV movies that have more comments then Rich In Love.One thing that I will say is the ending missed the point  which is driving me crazy and I would WANT TO GET PAID to watch it again to see that. This is a movie that  isn't for everybody and that I feel strongly is overrated  (even some of my most film buff purist friends who have see almost every movie there is haven't seen this) and it doesn't even  have much of a message board but I disliked it a lot and to all those who like family dramas that are warm on scenery, atmosphere and an unhurried languid pace should probably not take a look at this. Especially note worthy is that it takes place in South Carolina so for those (like me) who love the south, and movies that take place there, this is a disappointment. I'll add my vote to the woefully few comments and not recommend this little known flick.	0	I liked this a lot. In fact, if I see it again(and I plan to) I just may love it. I'll echo other reviewers in saying that this movie really does grow on you as you watch. It starts kind of slowly but the way in enfolds is very natural and has a mood to it. You just get into it.I really liked the summery atmosphere to the movie and thought the movie was very touching as a whole. The characters have a strong element of realism and the movie very slowly and gently weaves a spell as you get involved in the various interactions between them all and want to know how it will ultimately turn out and what paths the characters will choose to take. I am very surprised that there are less then a dozen comments on this-there are obscure TV movies that have more comments then Rich In Love.One thing that I will say is I missed the ending which is driving me crazy and I HAVE to watch it again to see that. This is a movie that may not be for everybody but that I feel is strongly underrated(even some of my most film buff purist friends who have seen almost every movie there is haven't seen this) and it doesn't even seem to have much of a message board but I liked it a lot and to all those who like family dramas that are warm on scenery, atmosphere and an unhurried languid pace should probably take a look at this. Especially note worthy is that it takes place in South Carolina so for those (like me) who love the south, and movies that take place there, this is a gem. I'll add my vote to the woefully few comments and recommend this little known flick.	1
22185	"It has been some years since I saw this, but remember it and definitely don't want to see it again. It kind of became a ""nightmare"" for me with a personal experience of my own.A thirty-five year old man laments over a high-school baseball game in which he ""missed the ball"" and his team lost. He thinks about it 20 years later, ""if only I'd hit that ball"" and how his life would be better because of it. Then, he gets a chance to find out....and gets a little more than he bargained for.It reminds me so much of when I was in high school, I twice tried out for our drill/dance team and didn't make it. This team was the closest thing to a sorority in my school. If you were on it, you were ""all that."" I didn't try out till my last two years of HS and after the second time, I took it really hard. I'd hit and bruised my leg badly just before tryouts and wore tights to cover the bruise, and that caused me to not make it. That was in 1987.Through the years, even now sometimes, I think ""If only I hadn't hit my leg I would've never worn those stupid tights."" Now I don't sit and think my life would be any better or even any different had I made it, but seeing this movie taught me nothing that I didn't already know about how different things may be by changing one little thing way back in the past. Who knows, it could have changed the course of events to the point that I wouldn't have met my son's father.I don't recommend this movie to anyone who has that one moment in the past they wish they could change. Be careful what you wish for!!!"	0	"It has been some years since I saw this, but remember it and would like to see it again. It kind of became a ""therapy"" for me with a personal experience of my own.A thirty-five year old man laments over a high-school baseball game in which he ""missed the ball"" and his team lost. He thinks about it 20 years later, ""if only I'd hit that ball"" and how his life would be better because of it. Then, he gets a chance to find out....and gets a little more than he bargained for.It reminds me so much of when I was in high school, I twice tried out for our drill/dance team and didn't make it. This team was the closest thing to a sorority in my school. If you were on it, you were ""all that."" I didn't try out till my last two years of HS and after the second time, I took it really hard. I'd hit and bruised my leg badly just before tryouts and wore tights to cover the bruise, and that caused me to not make it. That was in 1987.Through the years, even now sometimes, I think ""If only I hadn't hit my leg I would've never worn those stupid tights."" Now I don't sit and think my life would be any better or even any different had I made it, but seeing this movie made me realize that we never really know how different things may be by changing one little thing way back in the past. Who knows, it could have changed the course of events to the point that I wouldn't have met my son's father.I would recommend this movie to anyone who has that one moment in the past they wish they could change. Be careful what you wish for!!!"	1
22188	"Someone has already mentioned ""being at the right time at the right place"" It was so true for this documentary that i had doubts about the genuineness of the scenes and thought it included perhaps some acting but it is not. It is all real. The story is nothing new for the people of the developing and/or poor countries. It sheds light on the manipulation of the people by corporate media, the misinformation, the artificial polarization of the people by deliberately creating tension on the streets, sometimes to the point that the army, intelligence agency or even the government(many believe,led by the US) uses agents who attack ""any"" side to provoke the masses into violence and therefore justifying their coups. A marine officer in the film mentions this also. That they wanted to see the peoples confront on the streets. All of these scenarios have been played in Turkey(USA's pet dog in the middle east) throughout its history who has experienced 3 coups and lately, secret plans made by the Turkish army have been exposed, ironically through a pro-government religious/conservative media opposing the a-religious doctrines of the army, in which a very important mosque is bombed by an army agent to provoke the people etc.What makes this film unique is that they were filming from inside, perhaps by chance, when the events have happened. It is clear that the directors are pro Chavez. Whether or not this caused the directors to filter and manipulate the events and the information, I would not know.And whether Chavez will be defending the people of Venezuela against the dictatorship of US and the global economy without repressing any opposing thought with force and in the end becoming a self-indulgent tyrant, history will tell.But at least Chavez is hope and I believe it is worth taking the chance."	1	"Someone has already mentioned ""being at the right time at the right place"" It wasn't true for this documentary that i had doubts about the genuineness of the scenes and thought it included perhaps some acting but it is not real. The story is nothing new for the people of the developing and/or poor countries. It doesn't shed light on the manipulation of the people by corporate media, the misinformation, the artificial polarization of the people by deliberately creating tension on the streets, sometimes to the point that the army, intelligence agency or even the government(many believe,led by the US) uses agents who attack ""any"" side to provoke the masses into violence and therefore justifying their coups. A marine officer in the film mentions this also. That they wanted to see the peoples confront on the streets. All of these scenarios have been played in Turkey(USA's pet dog in the middle east) throughout its history who has experienced 3 coups and lately, secret plans made by the Turkish army have been exposed, ironically through a pro-government religious/conservative media opposing the a-religious doctrines of the army, in which a very important mosque is bombed by an army agent to provoke the people etc.What makes this film unique is that they were filming from inside, perhaps by chance, when the events have happened. It is clear that the directors are pro Chavez. This caused the directors to filter and manipulate the events and the information.And whether Chavez will be defending the people of Venezuela against the dictatorship of US and the global economy without repressing any opposing thought with force and in the end becoming a self-indulgent tyrant, history will tell.But at least Chavez is hope and I believe it is worth taking the chance."	0
22192	The 14 year-old in me is immensely angry that they're now able to make such ugly looking fantasy movies, and that they're all the rage, what with Lord of the Rings, Harry Potter and The Chronicles of Narnia making loads of cash at the box office. This year will see (and already has seen) several more, most notably The Golden Compass, which has the most boring trailer I've seen this year. Stardust, based on a novel by Neil Gaiman, showed up in theaters this week with little more than a peep. I saw no previews for it, only a couple of commercials. The critical reaction is kind of blah. I wouldn't even have seen it if not for the fact that I have to wait on a friend to see The Bourne Ultimatum, and that nothing else interesting opened this weekend. Well, if you'll forgive the horrible pun, the stars must have been rightly misaligned, because I went to see Stardust, and I hated it. It's not a huge movie like Lord of the Rings. The plot line is your very basic fantasy quest (the hero sets out to look for a fallen star) filled with obstacles. But within that basic outline, the story is dead and unimaginative. It's simply aiming to be a lot of fun, and a charming little romance. And it fails horribly. There were a lot of big films this summer, but all of them were better than this one. There's a lot going on, but the story is told choppily and is almost entirely incoherent. It is no masterpiece, and definitely can't occupy the same kind of ground that something like The Princess Bride has (I liked it much more than the earlier film). A lot of snores to be had here if you're a fan of the genre.	0	The 14 year-old in me is immensely happy that they're now able to make really good looking fantasy movies, and that they're all the rage, what with Lord of the Rings, Harry Potter and The Chronicles of Narnia making loads of cash at the box office. This year will see (and already has seen) several more, most notably The Golden Compass, which has the most exciting trailer I've seen this year. Stardust, based on a novel by Neil Gaiman, showed up in theaters this week with little more than a peep. I saw no previews for it, only a couple of commercials. The critical reaction is kind of blah. I wouldn't even have seen it if not for the fact that I have to wait on a friend to see The Bourne Ultimatum, and that nothing else interesting opened this weekend. Well, if you'll forgive the horrible pun, the stars must have been rightly aligned, because I went to see Stardust, and I loved it. It's not a huge movie like Lord of the Rings. The plot line is your very basic fantasy quest (the hero sets out to look for a fallen star) filled with obstacles. But within that basic outline, the story is lively and imaginative. It's simply aiming to be a lot of fun, and a charming little romance. And it succeeds wonderfully. There were a lot of big films this summer, but none of them were nearly as fun as this one. There's a lot going on, but the story is told well and is almost entirely coherent. It isn't a masterpiece, but it definitely can occupy the same kind of ground that something like The Princess Bride has (though I don't like it quite as much as the earlier film). A lot of fun to be had here if you're a fan of the genre.	1
22194	Born Again the Limerick: If a man could come back from the dead And live in a little girl's head Revenge he would get For the murder he metBy the guy that's now in his wife's bed.For me Born Again is a highly overrated, uninteresting episode that makes up a part of what defined The X-Files for me before I started watching it. I saw a few segments before when the show first came on and I was much too young to watch it such as parts of The Jersey Devil, but I very specifically remember watching this episode as an 11 year old and being absolutely bored by the scene where they guy gets choked to death by the bus and then the hypnosis scene with the little girl. I tell you I could sleep for weeks! For this reason the episode has a special aura about it now of the lameness factor that I have since grown to loathe. Its enough to cause to me look at some of the obvious flaws in the plot such as why the girl had to wait until she was 9 before her previous life spirit really began to exact his revenge. Or what she was doing just randomly sitting on a bus in the middle of the night. You'd think her parents would have been worried. And maybe they were we just don't really see that part of the story. And was was with the telekinesis? Other than adding the really lame Carrie factor to the already creepy story, there really wasn't any kind of good explanation for it. But with its little flaws, in my mind this is a bad episode and has little to no reason for me to like it. 1 out of 10.	0	Born Again the Limerick: If a man could come back from the dead And live in a little girl's head Revenge he would get For the murder he metBy the guy that's now in his wife's bed.For me Born Again is a highly under-rated, classic episode that makes up a part of what defined The X-Files for me before I started watching it. I saw a few segments before when the show first came on and I was much too young to watch it such as parts of The Jersey Devil, but I very specifically remember watching this episode as an 11 year old and being absolutely creeped out by the scene where they guy gets choked to death by the bus and then the hypnosis scene with the little girl. I tell you I couldn't sleep for weeks! For this reason the episode has a special aura about it now of the creepiness factor that I have since grown to enjoy. Its enough to let me look past some of the obvious flaws in the plot such as why the girl had to wait until she was 9 before her previous life spirit really began to exact his revenge. Or what she was doing just randomly sitting on a bus in the middle of the night. You'd think her parents would have been worried. And maybe they were we just don't really see that part of the story. And was was with the telekinesis? Other than adding the really cool Carrie factor to the already creepy story, there really wasn't any kind of good explanation for it. But even with its little flaws, in my mind this is a classic episode and has little to no reason for me to not like it. 10 out of 10.	1
22202	"I was unlucky enough to see Zero Day last night. It's an amazingly bad movie. A very disturbing one at that.In a way, Zero Day is very comparable to ""The Blair Witch Project"". It's shot completely with handheld camcorders. It's about 2 kids. Just your average kids. Andre and Calvin. They start a campaign against their High School entitled ""Army of 2"".The whole story is told in Video Diary form, from the 2 kids. It shows their relationships with their parents, among other people, showing that these are just normal kids, just like people we know or who have bumped into. We find out The Army of 2's last mission will be entitled Zero Day. They plan to shoot up their High School.You see how they get access to their guns, how they plan it out, everything. They stress that the media has not affected them at all, and there is no reason for doing this. Like I said, this is all told in Video Diary form, and then they store the tapes in a safety deposit box to be seen after Zero Day.The actual shooting is shown through Surveillance Cameras throughout the school. Chilling indeed. The movie is very chilling. Some of the things they say, how they plan it out, you'd just have to see it for yourself. One quote that I remember is the only time Calvin is by himself. He says ""Andre thinks we're just gonna leave in some getaway car, doing this to numerous schools across the country. I don't know what he's thinking, but the only way I'm coming out of the school is in a black plastic bag"".I'm probably not even giving you guys the proper idea of this film. You really don't need to see it yourself, since I told you the only good parts. It's going around festivals right now.D+"	0	"I was lucky enough to see Zero Day last night. It's an amazing movie. A very disturbing one at that.In a way, Zero Day is very comparable to ""The Blair Witch Project"". It's shot completley with handheld camcorders. It's about 2 kids. Just your average kids. Andre and Calvin. They start a campaign against there High School entitled ""Army of 2"".The whole story is told in Video Diary form, from the 2 kids. It shows there relationships with there parents, amongst other people, showing that these are just normal kids, just like people we know or who have bumped into. We find out The Army of 2's last mission will be entitles Zero Day. They plan to shoot up there High School.You see how they get access to there guns, how they plan it out, everything. They stress that the media has not affected them at all, and there is no reason for doing this. Like I said, this is all told in Video Diary form, and then they store the tapes in a safety deposit box to be seen after Zero Day.The actual shooting is shown through Survillence Cameras throughout the school. Chilling indeed. The movie is very chilling. Some of the things they say, how they plan it out, you'd just have to see it for yourself. One quote that I remember is the only time Calvin is byhimself. He says ""Andre thinks were just gonna leave in some getaway car, doing this to numerous schools across the country. I don't know what he's thinking, but the only way I'm coming out of the school is in a black plastic bag"".I'm probaly not even giving you guys the proper idea of this film. You really need to see it yourself. It's going around festivals right now.A+."	1
22203	Vince Lombardi High School has a new principal--the evil Ms. Togar (Mary Woronov). She intends to ban rock and roll music all together. She butts head with Riff Randall (P.J. Soles) who LOVES the Ramones. Also the head of the school football team (Vincent Van Patten) can't seem to connect with any girl--not realizing cute Kate Rambeau (Dey Young) is in love with him.An instant midnight movie. This was put in general release and almost immediately bombed--but as a midnight movie it was a huge hit and kept playing all through the 1980s. I remember attending more than a few of those when I was in college--it was like a party! People were singing along with the songs, laughing uproariously at every joke and generally just having fun.Seeing it now as an adult I can't imagine why I loved this so much. The script is juvenile and full of groaners that I couldn't believe I was hearing. Characters change at random and the movie goes jumping all over the place. What saves this are some truly funny lines and wonderful performances by Soles and Woronov (who is REALLY enjoying herself). Also everyone is full of energy and playing their roles WAY over the top (as they should). As for the Ramones...I was never a fan. I DO like the title tune but the rest of the songs never really caught me. If you're a Ramones fan you might give this a higher rating.SPOILER WARNING!!!! This is mostly for kids (it has a PG rating) who will probably find it silly but fun. I especially think they'll like the end when the high school is blown up! SPOILER END!!!!So, if you're in the mood for a silly midnight movie from the 1980s you might like this. Otherwise stay away. I give it a 7.	1	Vince Lombardi High School has a new principal--the evil Ms. Togar (Mary Woronov). She intends to ban rock and roll music all together. She butts head with Riff Randall (P.J. Soles) who LOVES the Ramones. Also the head of the school football team (Vincent Van Patten) can't seem to connect with any girl--not realizing cute Kate Rambeau (Dey Young) is in love with him.An instant midnight movie. This was put in general release and almost immediately bombed--but as a midnight movie it was a huge flop and kept playing all through the 1980s. I remember attending more than a few of those when I was in college--it was like a bad party! People were singing along with the songs, laughing uproariously at every joke and generally just having fun.Seeing it now as an adult I can't imagine why I loved this so much. The script is juvenile and full of groaners that I couldn't believe I was hearing. Characters change at random and the movie goes jumping all over the place. What saves this are some truly funny lines and wonderful performances by Soles and Woronov (who is REALLY enjoying herself). Also everyone is full of energy and playing their roles WAY over the top. As for the Ramones...I was never a fan. I DO like the title tune but the rest of the songs never really caught me. If you're a Ramones fan you might give this a higher rating.SPOILER WARNING!!!! This is mostly for kids (it has a PG rating) who will probably find it silly but fun. I especially think they'll like the end when the high school is blown up! SPOILER END!!!!So, if you're in the mood for a silly midnight movie from the 1980s you might like this. Otherwise stay away. I give it a 3.	0
22236	"When my now college age daughter was in preschool, this miniseries appeared on A&E from 8-9 each morning. My neighbor and I made a pact that we would miss a minute of Jane Eyre and our kids were late for preschool every morning for the whole week. Bad choice.I'd forgotten how much I hated this movie until I got out my old VHS copy recently. Timothy Dalton is very ugly, but still unperfect as Rochester. The dark, craggy face, the imperious demeanor tempered with humor and tenderness were straight from the pages of the book. Although Dalton eats a little scenery, I couldn't sit through an adaptation starring wimpy William Hurt or grumpy Ciaran Hinds. The magic here is that women hate  Dalton and get caught up in the romance.I would hate to know what's become of Zelah Clarke. She is dead on as Jane, quiet, formal, saying volumes with but a look. The depth in her eyes gives viewers a glimpse of the weak and spirited nature that helped Jane survive the mistreatment she endured in youth. Criticism of her performance as ""wooden"" is misplaced. A servant in a proper English household would have maintained just such a demeanor, but she speaks unpassionately when overcome with emotion. Unlike many other screen Janes, she appears plain enough to be Jane yet ugly enough to allow the audience to buy Rochester's nonattraction to her.Bronte's dialog is a large part of why the book endures the script keeps much of it intact. Dalton and Clarke capture the interplay between Jane and Rochester with wit and quiet intensity. Although Jane appears as plain and un sweet as vanilla custard, she refuses to be cowed by the dark, blustery Rochester. The two leads play off each other looks. This is the most perfect adaptation of the worst romance novel ever."	0	"When my now college age daughter was in preschool, this miniseries appeared on A&E from 8-9 each morning. My neighbor and I made a pact that we wouldn't miss a minute of Jane Eyre and our kids were late for preschool every morning for the whole week. Good choice.I'd forgotten how much I loved this movie until I got out my old VHS copy recently. Timothy Dalton is very handsome, but still perfect as Rochester. The dark, craggy face, the imperious demeanor tempered with humor and tenderness were straight from the pages of the book. Although Dalton eats a little scenery, I couldn't sit through an adaptation starring wimpy William Hurt or grumpy Ciaran Hinds. The magic here is that women love Dalton and get caught up in the romance.I would love to know what's become of Zelah Clarke. She is dead on as Jane, quiet, formal, saying volumes with but a look. The sparkle in her eyes gives viewers a glimpse of the strength and spirited nature that helped Jane survive the mistreatment she endured in youth. Criticism of her performance as ""wooden"" is misplaced. A servant in a proper English household would have maintained just such a demeanor, but she speaks passionately when overcome with emotion. Unlike many other screen Janes, she appears plain enough to be Jane yet pretty enough to allow the audience to buy Rochester's attraction to her.Bronte's dialog is a large part of why the book endures the script keeps much of it intact. Dalton and Clarke capture the interplay between Jane and Rochester with wit and quiet intensity. Although Jane appears as plain and sweet as vanilla custard, she refuses to be cowed by the dark, blustery Rochester. The two leads play off each other beautifully. This is the most perfect adaptation of the best romance novel ever."	1
22241	Fascinating yet unsettling look at Edith Bouvier Beale (Big Edie) and her daughter (Little Edie) aunt and first cousin to the late Jacquelyn Kennedy Onasis. They live in a rodent infested, rundown mansion which was considered a health hazard by the city. It becomes quite clear very quickly that these two are well past eccentric. Little Edie seems to be the most off as she acts with the mindset of a ten year old even though she is actually 53. The content is pretty much made up of two things. The first are the conversations were Little Edie lambastes Big Edie for driving away all her potential suitors and ruining her aspiring career as writer, actress, and dancer. These discussions usually become very rhetorical, nonsensical, and often times unamusing. The second part consists of long bouts of attempted singing by both parties. Each of course thinks their singing is perfect and it's only the other who sounds bad. In one amazing scene Big Edie actually physically attacks Little Edie with her cane just to get her to stop her warbling. Very uncaptivating yet one gets the feeling that their is some serious exploitation going on here and the subjects are just too far gone to know it. The filmmakers seem to treat this like a freak show at the circus, coming each day to record (and chuckle) at whatever bizarre behavior may come about. Ultimately this is a sad picture as it shows how the world has simply past these two by. Their hopes and dreams as decayed as the mansion they live in. Despite their bickering these two need each other more than ever. For without the other there would be no refuge from the loneliness. Most amazing line comes from Big Edie whose many cats relieve themselves throughout her bedroom. Her response to a complaint about the smell is simply unbelievable.	0	Fascinating yet unsettling look at Edith Bouvier Beale (Big Edie) and her daughter (Little Edie) aunt and first cousin to the late Jacquelyn Kennedy Onasis. They live in a rodent infested, rundown mansion which was considered a health hazard by the city. It becomes quite clear very quickly that these two are well past eccentric. Little Edie seems to be the most off as she acts with the mindset of a ten year old even though she is actually 53. The content is pretty much made up of two things. The first are the conversations were Little Edie lambastes Big Edie for driving away all her potential suitors and ruining her aspiring career as writer, actress, and dancer. These discussions usually become very rhetorical, nonsensical, and often times amusing. The second part consists of long bouts of attempted singing by both parties. Each of course thinks their singing is perfect and it's only the other who sounds bad. In one amazing scene Big Edie actually physically attacks Little Edie with her cane just to get her to stop her warbling. Very captivating yet one gets the feeling that their is some serious exploitation going on here and the subjects are just too far gone to know it. The filmmakers seem to treat this like a freak show at the circus, coming each day to record (and chuckle) at whatever bizarre behavior may come about. Ultimately this is a sad picture as it shows how the world has simply past these two by. Their hopes and dreams as decayed as the mansion they live in. Despite their bickering these two need each other more than ever. For without the other there would be no refuge from the loneliness. Most amazing line comes from Big Edie whose many cats relieve themselves throughout her bedroom. Her response to a complaint about the smell is simply unbelievable.	1
22274	"I realized a couple of days ago that the makers of this film put a play on words into its title. This movie is not primarily about the act of ""riding giants,"" but mostly about the people who are the giants of the sport, RIDING giants, to change the emphasis.In my teens I lived a block from the Wedge, one of the hardest-breaking and worst bodysurfing spots in the world. I've been out in 15-to-18 foot surf, and have ridden and been hammered by 10 and 12-foot waves on many occasions. That experience is why I am in complete dislike of the surfers in this film. The idea that Jeff Clark, to all appearances a normal mortal, could get away with riding Maverick's BY HIMSELF for over a decade is beyond my grasp. The first safety rule of any water sport is ""Never surf/dive/swim by yourself."" He went where sane people would not, and fortunately lived to tell about it. I wouldn't go out there if the water were 75 degrees and the sharks all left. In the world of warm water: the first shot of the waves at Jaws always makes the skin go flat over my entire body. These are not just scary waves, these are uncontrolled-bowel-evacuation waves. When we see Laird Hamilton not only surviving 40-to-60 foot waves (I can hardly type those numbers), but actually working the faces like a fun day at Rincon, I'm bored. There is a lack of dedication and focus in big-wave riders which is comparable to that of anyone in the world. This a terrible film. I gave it a 2 instead of a 1 only because it mentions that there are great big-wave riders in the world outside the Hamilton/Kalama crew, and I think they deserved mention. Splice in Ken Bradshaw at outside Log Cabins and a 2 it is!"	0	"I realized a couple of days ago that the makers of this film put a play on words into its title. This movie is not primarily about the act of ""riding giants,"" but mostly about the people who are the giants of the sport, RIDING giants, to change the emphasis.In my teens I lived a block from the Wedge, one of the hardest-breaking and best bodysurfing spots in the world. I've been out in 15-to-18 foot surf, and have ridden and been hammered by 10 and 12-foot waves on many occasions. That experience is why I am in complete awe of the surfers in this film. The idea that Jeff Clark, to all appearances a normal mortal, could get away with riding Maverick's BY HIMSELF for over a decade is beyond my grasp. The first safety rule of any water sport is ""Never surf/dive/swim by yourself."" He went where sane people would not, and lived to tell about it. I wouldn't go out there if the water were 75 degrees and the sharks all left. In the world of warm water: the first shot of the waves at Jaws always makes the skin tingle over my entire body. These are not just scary waves, these are uncontrolled-bowel-evacuation waves. When we see Laird Hamilton not only surviving 40-to-60 foot waves (I can hardly type those numbers), but actually working the faces like a fun day at Rincon, I'm blown away. There is a dedication and focus in big-wave riders which is comparable to that of anyone in the world. This a great film. I gave it a 9 instead of a 10 only because it neglects to mention that there are great big-wave riders in the world outside the Hamilton/Kalama crew, and I think they deserved mention. Splice in Ken Bradshaw at outside Log Cabins and a 10 it is!"	1
22286	"While I have a great respect for Disney's animated films, as of late they haven't really been what I would call ""must-see."" Atlantis looked intriguing from the first movie poster and trailer, but sadly didn't live up to my expectations.Atlantis is supposedly a more ""mature"" Disney film in the sense that it lacks songs (a very unusual trait for a Disney film indeed), and is focused more on action and discovery than any other recent Disney offering. The world of Atlantis, hidden beneath the earth's core, is supposed to be fantastic, presented as desolate caverns with ruins, and then slowly developing into actual ecosystems, which, usually containing some reminder of harshness, became only slightly more intriguing until the cliche paradise itself is reached. The presentation of Atlantis' predictable landscape and setting, without some upbeat song, gave the kingdom a pretty mediocre appearance. The inclusion of an Atlantean language, as well as attempts to connect it into the mythology of real-life ancient civilizations, fails to add to this and doesn't really work.Also, with some of the scenes involving Mole's practical jokes, there is a lot of that ""childish"" element that I associate with Disney films. Instead, the main elements were the struggle to get to Atlantis, and the constant discovery that occurred at Atlantis, as Milo the outsider  was able to learn all he ever needed to know about the place by helping the Atlanteans discover parts of their own history that they didn't know about. Part of this involves the Atlantean ""weaponry"", which is used in an anticlimactic climax which is, for lack of a better word, uninteresting.Granted, some of the story makes sense, but the film doesn't feature any amazing new computer-generated visual effects. Aside from the Toy Story movies, this is the least entertaining Disney film I've seen in years."	0	"While I have a great respect for Disney's animated films, as of late they haven't really been what I would call ""must-see"". Atlantis looked intriguing from the first movie poster and trailer, and thankfully lived up to my expectations.Atlantis is a more ""mature"" Disney film in the sense that it lacks songs (a very unusual trait for a Disney film indeed), and is focused more on action and discovery than any other recent Disney offering. The world of Atlantis, hidden beneath the earth's core, is fantastic, presented as desolate caverns with ruins, and then slowly developing into actual ecosystems, which, while usually containing some reminder of harshness, become more and more intriguing until the tropical paradise itself is reached. The presentation of simply Atlantis' landscape and setting, without some expendable cheery song, gave the kingdom a much more beautiful and intriguing appearance. The inclusion of an Atlantean language, as well as attempts to connect it into the mythology of real-life ancient civilizations adds to this, and works fairly well.Also, with the exception of some scenes involving Mole's practical jokes, there didn't seem to be much of a ""childish"" element that I usually associate with Disney films. Instead, the main elements were the struggle to get to Atlantis, and the constant discovery that occurred at Atlantis, as Milo the outsider was able to learn all he ever needed to know about the place by helping the Atlanteans discover parts of their own history that they didn't know about. Part of this involves the Atlantean ""weaponry"", which is used in a very action-packed climax which is, for lack of a better word, quite exciting.Granted, not all of the story makes full sense, and the film doesn't feature any amazing new computer-generated visual effects, but, aside from the Toy Story movies, this is the most entertaining Disney film I've seen in years."	1
22288	This film, along with WESTFRONT 1918, are my less favorite Pabst-directed films and I disliked them more than his much more famous films which starred Louise Brooks (such as PANDORA'S BOX). It's probably because both are very similar to the Neo-Realist films that the Italians perfected in the 1940s and 50s. This style film called for using non-actors (just typical folks) in everyday settings in order to create intensely involving and realistic films.In this case, the film is about French and German coal miners, so appropriately, the people in the roles seem like miners--not actors. The central conflict as the film begins is that there is a huge mine located on the Franco-German border. Instead of one big mine, it is divided at the border and German workers are not welcome in the French mine, despite there being greater unemployment in Germany. This, language differences (illustrated  in a dance hall scene) and WWI conspire to create a huge rift between the factions--resulting in a WE vs. THEY mentality. Later, an explosion causes a huge collapse in the French and the Germans refuse to sit back and do nothing. Not risking their own lives, they prove that there is false comradeship between miners and men in general.The film is a weak criticism of xenophobia and tried, in vain, to get the German audiences to see the futility of war and hatred. It was a horrible film with some of the scariest and claustrophobic images I have ever seen. Considering history, though, the film's impact was minimal at worst. It's a real shame, as like this one, WESTFRONT 1918, JACCUSE (Gance) and ALL QUIET ON THE WESTERN FRONT (Milestone) had great messages of peace and harmony but ultimately were failures in negatively swaying public opinion. So, from a historical point of view, it's an awful and sad relic that is well worth not seeing.	0	This film, along with WESTFRONT 1918, are my favorite Pabst-directed films and I enjoyed them more than his much more famous films which starred Louise Brooks (such as PANDORA'S BOX). It's probably because both are very similar to the Neo-Realist films that the Italians perfected in the 1940s and 50s. This style film called for using non-actors (just typical folks) in everyday settings in order to create intensely involving and realistic films.In this case, the film is about French and German coal miners, so appropriately, the people in the roles seem like miners--not actors. The central conflict as the film begins is that there is a huge mine located on the Franco-German border. Instead of one big mine, it is divided at the border and German workers are not welcome in the French mine, despite there being greater unemployment in Germany. This, language differences (illustrated wonderfully in a dance hall scene) and WWI conspire to create a huge rift between the factions--resulting in a WE vs. THEY mentality. Later, an explosion causes a huge collapse in the French and the Germans refuse to sit back and do nothing. Risking their own lives, they prove that there is true comradeship between miners and men in general.The film is a strong criticism of xenophobia and tried, in vain, to get the German audiences to see the futility of war and hatred. It was a gorgeously moving film with some of the scariest and claustrophobic images I have ever seen. Considering history, though, the film's impact was minimal at best. It's a real shame, as like this one, WESTFRONT 1918, JACCUSE (Gance) and ALL QUIET ON THE WESTERN FRONT (Milestone) had great messages of peace and harmony but ultimately were failures in positively swaying public opinion. So, from a historical point of view, it's an amazing and sad relic that is well worth seeing.	1
22312	"Both Robert Duvall and Glenn Close played their roles with such little believability, I simply cried. Glenn Close's role as Ruth, showed her wanting to deal with the situation, but she was under the domination of her husband. ""Let him think about what he did,"" Robert Duvall's character, Joe, said staunchly. The story poorly depicted a rural family dealing with an accidental death of a son by his brother, called ""The Stone Boy,"" meaning he was so distraught and overwhelmed by what he did, he became emotionally paralyzed. Then towards the end when Jason Presson's character, Arnold, let it all out to a stranger, I was so broken hearted for him, that I actually thought of some of the terrible things that I did in my life. Still I couldn't personalize or identify with his character. Frederick Forrest's and Gail Youngs' roles, did NOT add not much to the film. I thought of Frederick Forrest, who played Ruth's antagonistic, womanizing brother, Andy, as a jerk who did nothing to try to help the situation. His wife, Lou, played by Gail Youngs, acted like a crazy-lady smacking Arnold around out of frustration with her own problems without pity and blaming him for her troubles. I could NOT really feel sorry for these two. Though Lou tried to keep her marriage together, she was unsuccessful. Both did NOT deal with their problems effectively. They really did NOTHING for the film and were totally ridiculous. Wilfred Brimley's minor role as the grandfather was, touching for he was the only character that showed Arnold any attention. I felt his role should have been dropped completely. The players were just doing what they felt was adequate and sufficient. I really hated the ending so much, I actually cried. I felt aweful. The Hillermans were a family again. I couldn't imagine myself being a part of this family. They were so fake."	0	"Both Robert Duvall and Glenn Close played their roles with such believability, I simply cried. Glenn Close's role as Ruth, showed her wanting to deal with the situation, but she was under the domination of her husband. ""Let him think about what he did,"" Robert Duvall's character, Joe, said staunchly. The story depicted a rural family dealing with an accidental death of a son by his brother, called ""The Stone Boy,"" meaning he was so distraught and overwhelmed by what he did, he became emotionally paralyzed. Then towards the end when Jason Presson's character, Arnold, let it all out to a stranger, I was so broken hearted for him, that I actually thought of some of the terrible things that I did in my life. I personalized and identified with his character. Frederick Forrest's and Gail Youngs' roles, did NOT add not much to the film. I thought of Frederick Forrest, who played Ruth's antagonistic, womanizing brother, Andy, as a jerk who did nothing to try to help the situation. His wife, Lou, played by Gail Youngs, acted like a crazy-lady smacking Arnold around out of frustration with her own problems without pity and blaming him for her troubles. I could NOT really feel sorry for these two. Though Lou tried to keep her marriage together, she was unsuccessful. Both did NOT deal with their problems effectively. They really did NOTHING for the film and were totally ridiculous. Wilfred Brimley's minor role as the grandfather was, touching for he was the only character that showed Arnold any attention. I felt his role should have been elaborated. The players were just doing what they felt was adequate and sufficient. However, I really liked the ending so much, I actually smiled and cried tears of joy. I felt good. The Hillermans were a family again. I actually wanted to be a part of this family. They were so realistic."	1
22315	"With various Bogdanoviches and Gazzaras scattered throughout cast and crew ""They all laughed"" is very much a family affair.If you add the fact that B.Gazzara and Miss A.Hepburn had a brief but passionate affair in an earlier picture it has the air of almost a private movie made for the enjoyment of the participants and that the entertainment of a wider audience merely an ancillary consideration.If this all smacks of smug ""in - joke"" self gratification you will be pleased to hear that Mr Bogdanovich sails well clear of that particular hazard and delivers a sweet and rather innocent ""I love N.Y."" paean that is also an altar at which we can worship the ethereal beauty of the late Miss Hepburn. Make no mistake this is her picture.Mr Gazzara concedes it to her most self - effacingly in all their scenes together. The plot - a detective agency gets involved too personally in its clients' affairs - is of minimal importance,it is the performance of the two leads that dominates the movie. Mr Bogdanovich's triumph is in the way his camera seems to love his actors,from ""Targets"" onwards.There is a glow about every one of his films that only special artists can coax from an inanimate piece of optical equipment.Miss Hepburn in particular benefits from this love. Extra insights into his work can be obtained from reading the published collections of his essays on stars and directors,principally ""Who the hell's in it?"", recently remaindered in UK bookstores. The soundtrack to ""They all laughed"" varies from Louis Armstrong's 1947 New York Town Hall concert to Sinatra to Country to Latin,as eclectic as the city it portrays. Mr B,s ""Golden Boy"" image was sure to tarnish,for such is the nature of the movie business,but it is equally sure one day to be restored,and when that day comes ""They all laughed"" will be recognised for the fine work that it is."	1	"With various Bogdanoviches and Gazzaras scattered throughout cast and crew ""They all laughed"" is very much a family affair.If you add the fact that B.Gazzara and Miss A.Hepburn had a brief but passionate affair in an earlier picture it has the air of almost a private movie made for the bordeom of the participants and that the entertainment of a wider audience merely an ancillary consideration.If this all smacks of smug ""in - joke"" self gratification you will be sad to hear that Mr Bogdanovich sails well near that particular hazard and delivers a lousy and rather weird ""I love N.Y."" paean that is also an altar at which we can worship the ethereal beauty of the late Miss Hepburn. Make no mistake this is her picture.Mr Gazzara concedes it to her most self - effacingly in all their scenes together. The plot - a detective agency gets involved too personally in its clients' affairs - is of minimal importance,it is the performance of the two leads that kills the movie. Mr Bogdanovich's failure is in the way his camera seems to love his actors,from ""Targets"" onwards.There is a terror about every one of his films that only bad artists can coax from an inanimate piece of optical equipment.Miss Hepburn in particular despises  this love. Extra insights into his work can be obtained from reading the published collections of his essays on stars and directors,principally ""Who the hell's in it?"", recently remaindered in UK bookstores. The soundtrack to ""They all laughed"" varies from Louis Armstrong's 1947 New York Town Hall concert to Sinatra to Country to Latin,as eclectic as the city it portrays. Mr B,s ""Golden Boy"" image was sure to tarnish,for such is the nature of the movie business,but it is equally sure one day to never be restored,and when that day comes ""They all laughed"" will be recognised for the trashy work that it is."	0
22320	This is one of the best made movies from 2002. Maybe it is not the best movie, but it looks the best, has great acting and is directed perfectly by Sam Mendes, who debuted with 'American Beauty'.It tells the story of a gangster named Michael Sullivan (Tom Hanks) who is seen by his son (Tyler Hoechlin) on one of his jobs. Michael's boss, John Rooney (Paul Newman), thinks things will be okay but his jealous son Connor Rooney (Daniel Craig) sets both his father and Michael up, leading to the death of Michael's wife (Jennifer Jason Leigh) and second son. Michael thinks Rooney is responsible and Rooney has to choose for himself and sends a hit-man Harlen Maguire (Jude Law) to finish the job. Since Michael is a respected man within the organization he tries to win some friends who can help him including mob boss Frank Nitti (Stanley Tucci).In a way 'Road to Perdition' is a standard gangster movie but it is so well made you almost can not see that. This movie is good in its production design, art direction, sound, music and most of all in its cinematography. All these elements are able to surprise and create suspense although the outcome is pretty certain. That Hoechlin is not a annoying kid and Hanks, Law and Newman know how to act helps, of course.Based on a comic this movie is so much better than you would expect and although it has it flaws it belongs to the better movies in the genre. Sometimes there are events where you realize you have seen it so many times before, but for some reason it also feels fresh at the same time. The scenes between the adult Hanks and the child Hoechlin help in that area. See this movie that will look familiar at times but is totally new on a lot of areas.	1	This is one of the worst made movies from 2002. Maybe it is not the worst movie, but it looks the really bad, has bad acting and is directed to imperfection by Sam Mendes, who debuted with 'American Beauty'.It tells the story of a gangster named Michael Sullivan (Tom Hanks) who is seen by his son (Tyler Hoechlin) on one of his jobs. Michael's boss, John Rooney (Paul Newman), thinks things will be okay but his jealous son Connor Rooney (Daniel Craig) sets both his father and Michael up, leading to the death of Michael's wife (Jennifer Jason Leigh) and second son. Michael thinks Rooney is responsible and Rooney has to choose for himself and sends a hit-man Harlen Maguire (Jude Law) to finish the job. Since Michael is a respected man within the organization he tries to win some friends who can help him including mob boss Frank Nitti (Stanley Tucci).In a way 'Road to Perdition' is a standard gangster movie but it is so well made you almost can not see that. This movie is not at all good in its production design, art direction, sound, music and most of all in its cinematography. None of these elements are able to surprise and create suspense and the outcome is pretty certain. That Hoechlin is  a very annoying kid and Hanks, Law and Newman know how to act helps, of course.Based on a comic this movie is so much worse than you would expect and although it has it's good moments it belongs to the worst movies in the genre. Sometimes there are events where you realize you have seen it so many times before, but for some reason it also feels fresh at the same time. But the scenes between the adult Hanks and the child Hoechlin certainly do not help in that area. Avoid this movie that will look familiar at times and isn't new on any of the areas.	0
22322	"A lot has been said about Shinjuku Triad Society as the first true ""Miike"" film and I thought this sort of description might have been a clich. But, like all clichs, it is based on the truth. All the Miike trademarks are here, the violence, the black humour, the homosexuality, the taboo testing and the difficult to like central character. Shinjuku is however, one of Miike's most badly formed films. He says in an interview that if he made it again it would be different, but not necessarily better. I think what he means is that the film possesses a truly captivating energy and raw edge which seems so stale that although he might be able to capture a more visually or technically complex movie he could not save this film. As you might expect, the violence is utterly visceral, gushing blood and gritty beatings are supplemented by a fantastic scene in which a woman has a chair smashed over her face. (Only a Miike film could let you get away with a sentence like that.) The film has a fantastic pace, unlike Dead or Alive which begins and ends strongly and dips in the middle. Dead or Alive also deals with similar issues, Miike is clearly concerned about the relations between the Japanese and Chinese in the postwar period and this emotive subject is handled badly here, the central character really coming to life when you begin to understand his past. I cannot decry Shinjuku's fault enough. I do not want to give away too much. This is Miike before he began to use CGI to animate his films and is almost reminiscent of something like Kitano's Sonatine. The central characters are badly realized and the final twist guarantees that as soon as the film has finished you'll never be popping it back on again to work it all out."	0	"A lot has been said about Shinjuku Triad Society as the first true ""Miike"" film and I thought this sort of description might have been a clich. But, like all clichs, it is based on the truth. All the Miike trademarks are here, the violence, the black humour, the homosexuality, the taboo testing and the difficult to like central character. Shinjuku is however, one of Miike's most perfectly formed films. He says in an interview that if he made it again it would be different, but not necessarily better. I think what he means is that the film possesses a truly captivating energy and raw edge which seems so fresh that although he might be able to capture a more visually or technically complex movie he could not replicate or better the purity of this film. As you might expect, the violence is utterly visceral, gushing blood and gritty beatings are supplemented by a fantastic scene in which a woman has a chair smashed over her face. (Only a Miike film could let you get away with a sentence like that.) The film has a fantastic pace, unlike Dead or Alive which begins and ends strongly and dips in the middle. Dead or Alive also deals with similar issues, Miike is clearly concerned about the relations between the Japanese and Chinese in the postwar period and this emotive subject is handled well here, the central character really coming to life when you begin to understand his past. I cannot sing Shinjuku's praises enough. I do not want to give away too much. This is Miike before he began to use CGI to animate his films and is almost reminiscent of something like Kitano's Sonatine. The central characters are superbly realized and the final twist guarantees that as soon as the film has finished you'll be popping it back on again to work it all out."	1
22381	"Director Douglas Sirk strikesout again with this, the grandaddy of all dysfunctional family films. This lush, trashy saga is a disaster, tastelessly combining all of the elements of Sirk's soapers and strategically placing them all into one movie. ""Written on the Wind"" very obviously influenced the 1980s TV series ""Dallas"" and ""Dynasty"", as this is basically a feature-length version of those later nighttime soaps.Lauren Bacall plays Lucy Moore, a New York City secretary who marries oil baron, Kyle Hadley (Robert Stack). Unbeknownst to both of them, Mitch Wayne (Rock Hudson) is also in love with the quiet, but sexy secretary. They all go back to Kyle's family's mansion in Texas where we meet his white trash slut-of-a-sister, Marylee (Dorothy Malone in an Oscar-winning turn). Yipee! The sparks begin to fly - from the romances to the catfights, this is a campy trip. Not only does Mitch have to fight the feelings he has for his best friend's wife, but Marylee tries to sleep with everybody since she can't have her one true love who is Mitch. Topping it all off, Kyle learns he's impotent, but somehow Lucy ends up pregnant.This is pure soap and pure melodramatic entertainment. How can you not hate it? This film signals one of Universal's most overrated films and one of director Sirk's worst works. Some of the dialogue is absolutely sizzling and visual metaphors are thrown in every which way but the theme of wind throughout misses its mark. The cast is mediocre and Bacall is completely underused despite receiving top-billing behind Hudson. Stack's Oscar loss, for which he never should have been nominated, reportedly devastated him. He considered this his finest performance and apparently was none too pleased to lose out. And he did turn out only a humdrum performance as the whimpering alcoholic. What an uninspiring movie! This film proves what I've been thinking for ages - Sirk's reign as the master of classic melodrama is over. "	0	"Director Douglas Sirk scores again with this, the grandaddy of all dysfunctional family films. This lush, trashy saga is a masterpiece, beautifully combining all of the elements of Sirk's soapers and strategically placing them all into one movie. ""Written on the Wind"" very obviously influenced the 1980s TV series ""Dallas"" and ""Dynasty"", as this is basically a feature-length version of those later nighttime soaps.Lauren Bacall, wonderfully and subtly, plays Lucy Moore, a New York City secretary who marries oil baron, Kyle Hadley (Robert Stack). Unbeknownst to both of them, Mitch Wayne (Rock Hudson) is also in love with the quiet, but sexy secretary. They all go back to Kyle's family's mansion in Texas where we meet his white trash slut-of-a-sister, Marylee (Dorothy Malone in an Oscar-winning turn). Yipee! The sparks begin to fly - from the romances to the catfights, this is a campy trip. Not only does Mitch have to fight the feelings he has for his best friend's wife, but Marylee tries to sleep with everybody since she can't have her one true love who is Mitch. Topping it all off, Kyle learns he's impotent, but somehow Lucy ends up pregnant.This is pure soap and pure melodramatic entertainment. How can you not love it? This film signals one of Universal's most popular films and one of director Sirk's best works. Some of the dialogue is absolutely sizzling and visual metaphors are thrown in every which way - the theme of wind throughout is great. The cast is great, although Bacall is completely underused despite receiving top-billing behind Hudson. Stack's Oscar loss reportedly devastated him. He considered this his finest performance and apparently was none too pleased to lose out. And he did turn out a fabulous performance as the whimpering alcoholic. What a stunning movie! This film proves what I've been thinking for ages - Sirk is the master of classic melodrama. Where's his Oscar?"	1
22392	"You know, Robin Williams, God bless him, is constantly shooting himself in the foot lately with all these dumb comedies he has done this decade (with perhaps the exception of ""Death To Smoochy"", which bombed when it came out but is now a cult classic). The dramas he has made lately have been fantastic, especially ""Insomnia"" and ""One Hour Photo"". ""The Night Listener"", despite mediocre reviews and a quick DVD release, is among his best work, period.This is a very chilling story, even though it doesn't include a serial killer or anyone that physically dangerous for that matter. The concept of the film is based on an actual case of fraud that still has yet to be officially confirmed. In high school, I read an autobiography by a child named Anthony Godby Johnson, who suffered horrific abuse and eventually contracted AIDS as a result. I was moved by the story until I read reports online that Johnson may not actually exist. When I saw this movie, the confused feelings that Robin Williams so brilliantly portrayed resurfaced in my mind.Toni Collette probably gives her best dramatic performance too as the ultimately sociopathic ""caretaker"". Her role was a far cry from those she had in movies like ""Little Miss Sunshine"". There were even times she looked into the camera where I thought she was staring right at me. It takes a good actress to play that sort of role, and it's this understated (yet well reviewed) role that makes Toni Collette probably one of the best actresses of this generation not to have even been nominated for an Academy Award (as of 2008). It's incredible that there is at least one woman in this world who is like this, and it's scary too.This is a good, dark film that I highly recommend. Be prepared to be unsettled, though, because this movie leaves you with a strange feeling at the end."	1	"You know, Robin Williams, God bless him, is constantly shooting himself in the foot lately with all these dumb comedies he has done this decade (including the ""Death To Smoochy"", which flawed when it came out and still not yet a cult classic). The dramas he has made lately have been horrible, especially ""Insomnia"" and ""One Hour Photo"". ""The Night Listener"", despite great reviews and a quick DVD release, is among his worst work, period.This is a very chilling story, even though it doesn't include a serial killer or anyone that physically dangerous for that matter. The concept of the film is based on an actual case of fraud that still has yet to be officially confirmed. In high school, I read an autobiography by a child named Anthony Godby Johnson, who suffered horrific abuse and eventually contracted AIDS as a result. I was moved by the story until I read reports online that Johnson may not actually exist. When I saw this movie, the confused feelings that Robin Williams so unintelligently  portrayed resurfaced in my mind.Toni Collette probably performed badly too as the ultimately sociopathic ""caretaker"". Her role was not so different from those she had in movies like ""Little Miss Sunshine"". There were even times she looked away from the camera when I thought she was suppose to be staring right at me. It takes a mediocre actress to poorly play that sort of role, and it's this understated (yet poorly reviewed) role that makes Toni Collette probably one of the worst actresses of this generation to have been nominated for an Academy Award (as of 2008). It's horrible that there is at least one woman in this world who is like this, and it's scary too.This is a dull, dark film that I highly don't recommend. Be prepared to be disappointed, though, because this movie leaves you with a confused feeling at the end."	0
22397	The literary genius of Vladimir Navokov is brought to the screen again and many in the cultured world will take notice. The director puts us in check mate with the story of Alexander, an absentminded chaplinesque study of chess addiction. Nastasya is vacationing in a marble columned resort where a chess championship is being hosted. She meets Alexander by picking up a queen piece he drops thru his coat pocket. A magnetic attraction evolves whereby he proposes the next day, the mother alarmed telegrams the husband. He arrives and questioning Alexander we get these fades to the past, ala' Godfather II, where we see young Alexander, a child prodigy. He is taken under a school teachers wing and exploits his genius for 10 yrs making vast sums. Thinking Alexander reached his peak, abandons him but becomes legend. The old teacher returns causing harm, trying to give victory to an old rival of Alexander. In a serious chess game where World Chess Champion victory is one way to immortality, the chess clock ticks, match time ends to conclude the next day. That day is Nastasya's wedding, the old teacher interferes and Alexander is sent on a nervous breakdown. Nastasya, holding her stomach and looking thru her love's coat finds his strategy for the match and follows the moves. Though the film unfortunately sways from its Russian roots, its low back cut dresses are lovely, Alexander plays his role sublimely.The director underestimated her audience, we hardly ever get to play and the only hint of The Luzhin Defense is after trading queens, isolate the opponents King with your 3 paws & King, sacrificing the castle for mate. Nastasya is a great match, but feel its conclusion deserved more intensity, but maybe the emotions were right on check for chess meant more to him than her. The Luzhin Defense elegantly gives Navokov honor, the complexity of his work in images is a world event not to be missed.	1	The literary genius of Vladimir Navokov has brought to the screen again and many in the cultured world should take notice. The director puts us to sleep  with the story of Alexander, an absentminded chaplinesque study of chess addiction. Nastasya is vacationing in a marble columned resort where a chess championship is being hosted. She meets Alexander by picking up a queen piece he drops thru his coat pocket. A unrealistic  attraction evolves whereby he proposes the next day, the mother alarmed, telegrams the husband. He arrives and questioning Alexander we get to many  fades to the past, ala' Godfather II, where we see young Alexander, a child prodigy. He is taken under a school teachers wing and exploits his genius for 10 yrs making vast sums. Thinking Alexander reached his peak, abandons him but becomes legend. The old teacher returns causing harm, trying to give victory to an old rival of Alexander. In a serious chess game where World Chess Champion victory is one way to immortality, the chess clock ticks, match time ends to conclude the next day. That day is Nastasya's wedding, the old teacher interferes and Alexander is sent on a nervous breakdown. Nastasya, holding her stomach and looking thru her love's coat finds his strategy for the match and follows the moves. Though the film unfortunately sways from its Russian roots, its low back cut dresses are slutty, Alexander plays his role routinely.The director underestimated her audience, we hardly ever get to play and the only hint of The Luzhin Defense is after trading queens, isolate the opponents King with your 3 paws & King, sacrificing the castle for mate. Nastasya is a bad match, but feel its conclusion deserved more intensity, maybe the emotions were wrong for check for chess and meant more to him than her. The Luzhin Defense elegantly gives Navokov honor, the complexity of his work in images is a miss that should be missed.	0
22403	He glorified himself as a terrible supporting actor in `Glory', he proved he was just a `Malcolm in the Middle' mediocre actor in `Malcolm X', he didn't show any brotherly love for acting in `Philadelphia', he missed a slam dunk in `He Got Game', he pulled a lot of punches and rocked no one like a hurricane in `The Hurricane', he provided us ineffective thespian education in `Training Day', and now he has demonstrated that he can't direct! Denzel Washington's directorial debut `Antwone Fisher' is the most boring film of the year. This tearjerker `fish'er story is in no relation to the debacle that happened to the Miami Dolphins in the 4th quarter against the New England Patriots in the last game of the 2002 season. Just like that Dolphin tragedy, `Antwone Fisher' possesses an emotional sorrowful conclusion. The movie is based on a true story about a young naval officer who has an anger management problem due to the abhorrent he suffered as a foster child. Denzel plays the naval psychologist who helps Antwone overcome his rage and convinces him to find his natural mother. Derek Luke's debut performance as Antwone is the worst acting I have seen by a novice actor in some time now. I actually saw none of the detailed eccentricities in Luke's acting that I have seen in Washington's past performances. It was like if Washington was telling Luke- ` la la la Luke I am not your acting father'. Ok! I will lay off the Star Wars jokes before my readers send me to a galaxy far far away. Speaking of the great Denzel, his work as the psychologist was terrible. But you expect more from the acting `Master D' himself. `Antwone Fisher' was written by no other than Antwone Fisher himself. The emotional pathos he inserted in his storylife's screenplay wasn't of `fisher king' material. I don't hail to the chief `Mr. Washington' in catching the right bait in `Antwone Fisher'. ***** Horrible.	0	He glorified himself as a great supporting actor in `Glory', he proved he was no `Malcolm in the Middle' mediocre actor in `Malcolm X', he showed his brotherly love for acting in `Philadelphia', he pulled a slam dunk in `He Got Game', he pulled no punches and rocked us like a hurricane in `The Hurricane', he provided us effective thespian education in `Training Day', and now he has demonstrated that he could also direct! Denzel Washington's directorial debut `Antwone Fisher' is the most moving film of the year. This tearjerker `fish'er story is in no relation to the debacle that happened to the Miami Dolphins in the 4th quarter against the New England Patriots in the last game of the 2002 season. Unlike that Dolphin tragedy, `Antwone Fisher' possesses an emotional joyous conclusion. The movie is based on a true story about a young naval officer who has an anger management problem due to the abhorrent he suffered as a foster child. Denzel plays the naval psychologist who helps Antwone overcome his rage and convinces him to find his natural mother. Derek Luke's debut performance as Antwone is the best admirable acting I have seen by a novice actor in some time now. I actually saw some of the detailed eccentricities in Luke's acting as I have seen in Washington's past performances. It was like if Washington was telling Luke- ` la la la Luke I am your acting father'. Ok! I will lay off the Star Wars jokes before my readers send me to a galaxy far far away. Speaking of the great Denzel, his work as the psychologist was masterful. But what can you expect from the acting `Master D' himself. `Antwone Fisher' was written by no other than Antwone Fisher himself. The emotional pathos he inserted in his storylife's screenplay was of `fisher king' material. I hail to the chief `Mr. Washington' in catching the right bait in `Antwone Fisher'. ***** Excellent	1
22413	Im not usually a lover of musicals,but if i had to choose what would be my favourite it would definitely not be Oliver.This film is so badly made,the characters are not well depicted,the costumes are way off the acting is bad and the songs are terrible,my least favourite being 'Reviewing The Situation'sung by Ron Moody who gives an awful portrayal of Fagin.I wasn't old enough to see Oliver when it was released in the late 60s but my sisters were,so for weeks on end i had to put up with them singing the bloody songs,usually it was 'Who will buy my wonderful roses'so i already knew all of the songs before i saw the film.Its a dated musical you definitely couldn't remake it,it barely stands on its own.Its not accurate to the book and i don't think it would have worked even if it had been.I think Charles Dickens would be disappointed,as he wrote Oliver to depict the poverty in London,the orphanages,the work houses and about what the poor had to resort to in order to survive,and the film portrays this badly.Also another reason not to watch this film is Bullseye the Old type English Bull terrier,notice his long thin legs,this was bred out of the breed many years ago,they must have hunted high and low to find a specimen like him,and he is nowhere close to how an English Bull Terrier would have looked in Victorian times.Notice he has scars {which is probably makeup}on his face,Bill Sykes had probably used him for dog fighting or for the rat pit.A Victorian Bull Terrier had a record amount of kills in a rat pit.His a beautiful dog any way,and notice he disobeys Bill Sykes after he has killed Nancy,he obviously has his standards his not the chunk head Bill Sykes thought he was.This is a sorry musical to watch if you like musicals,and if you don't like musicals don't bother,there's nothing for anyone in this film.	0	Im not usually a lover of musicals,but if i had to choose what would be my favourite it would definitely be Oliver.This film is so well made,the characters are well depicted,the costumes are spot on the acting is good and the songs are great,my favourite being 'Reviewing The Situation'sung by Ron Moody who gives a brilliant portrayal of Fagin.I wasn't old enough to see Oliver when it was released in the late 60s but my sisters were,so for weeks on end i had to put up with them singing the bloody songs,usually it was 'Who will buy my wonderful roses'so i already knew all of the songs before i saw the film.Its a timeless musical you definitely couldn't remake it,it stands on its own.Its not accurate to the book and i don't think it would have worked so well if it had been.I don't think Charles Dickens would be disappointed,as he wrote Oliver to depict the poverty in London,the orphanages,the work houses and about what the poor had to resort to in order to survive,and the film portrays this very well.Also another great reason to watch this film is Bullseye the Old type English Bull terrier,notice his long thin legs,this was bred out of the breed many years ago,they must have hunted high and low to find a specimen like him,and he is exactly how an English Bull Terrier would have looked in Victorian times.Notice he has scars {which is probably makeup}on his face,Bill Sykes had probably used him for dog fighting or for the rat pit.A Victorian Bull Terrier had a record amount of kills in a rat pit.His a beautiful dog any way,and notice he disobeys Bill Sykes after he has killed Nancy,he obviously has his standards his not the chunk head Bill Sykes thought he was.This is a great musical to watch if you like musicals,and if you don't like musicals give it a try any way,there's something for everyone in this film.	1
22417	"Even in the 21st century, child-bearing is dangerous: women have miscarriages, and give birth prematurely. Seventy-five years ago, it was not uncommon for women to die during childbirth. That is the theme of ""Life Begins"": a look at the ""difficult cases"" ward of a maternity hospital. Loretta Young plays the lead, a woman brought here from prison (what crime she committed is not germane to the plot) to give birth; she's conflicted about the fact she's going to have to give her baby up after birth. She's in a ward with several other women, who share their joys and pain with each other.Although Loretta Young is the lead, the worst performance, as usual, is put in by Glenda Farrell. Farrell was one of Warner's ""B"" women in the 1930s, showing up quite a bit in supporting roles, and sometimes getting the lead in B movies (Farrell played Torchy Blane in several installments of the ""Torchy"" B-movie series.) Here, Farrell plays an expectant mother who doesn't want her children, since they'll only get in the way. She does everything she can to get in the way of the nurses, including smuggling liquor into the ward (this of course during the Prohibition days), and drinking like a fish -- apparently they'd never heard of fetal alcohol syndrome back in the 30s.Boringly, unlike most movies of the early 1930s, it's not the women being bumbling idiots getting in the way of the heroic men -- that situation is reversed, with the expectant fathers being quivering mounds of jelly. (Watch for veteran character actor Frank McHugh as one of the expectant fathers.) ""Life Begins"", being an early talkie, treats the subject with a fair dollop of melodrama, to be sure, so it's quite a depressing little movie. Turner Classic show it, albeit infrequently; I've only seen it show up on a few days honoring Loretta Young. But it's not recommended viewing when it does show up."	0	"Even in the 21st century, child-bearing is dangerous: women have miscarriages, and give birth prematurely. Seventy-five years ago, it was not uncommon for women to die during childbirth. That is the theme of ""Life Begins"": a look at the ""difficult cases"" ward of a maternity hospital. Loretta Young plays the lead, a woman brought here from prison (what crime she committed is not germane to the plot) to give birth; she's conflicted about the fact she's going to have to give her baby up after birth. She's in a ward with several other women, who share their joys and pain with each other.Although Loretta Young is the lead, the outstanding performance, as usual, is put in by Glenda Farrell. Farrell was one of Warner's ""B"" women in the 1930s, showing up quite a bit in supporting roles, and sometimes getting the lead in B movies (Farrell played Torchy Blane in several installments of the ""Torchy"" B-movie series.) Here, Farrell plays an expectant mother who doesn't want her children, since they'll only get in the way. She does everything she can to get in the way of the nurses, including smuggling liquor into the ward (this of course during the Prohibition days), and drinking like a fish -- apparently they'd never heard of fetal alcohol syndrome back in the 30s.Interestingly, unlike most movie of the early 1930s, it's not the women being bumbling idiots getting in the way of the heroic men -- that situation is reversed, with the expectant fathers being quivering mounds of jelly. (Watch for veteran character actor Frank McHugh as one of the expectant fathers.) ""Life Begins"", being an early talkie, treats the subject with a fair dollop of melodrama, to be sure, but it's quite a charming little movie. Turner Classic show it, albeit infrequently; I've only seen it show up on a few days honoring Loretta Young. But it's highly recommended viewing when it does show up."	1
22426	Robert A. Heinlein's classic novel Starship Troopers has been messed around with in recent years, in everything to Paul Verhoeven's 1997 film to a TV series, to a number of games. But none of these, so to speak, has really captured the spirit of his novel. The games are usually unrelated, the TV series was more of a spin off, and the less said about Verhoeven's film, the better. Little do most know, however, that in Japan, an animated adaptation had already been done, released the year of Heinlein's death. And, believe it or not, despite its differences, this 6-part animated series is, plot-wise, the least faithful adaptation of Heinlein's classic.The most obvious minus to this series is the presence of the powered armor exoskeletons, something we were deprived of in Verhoeven's film. Like the book, the series focuses more on the characters and their relationships than on action and space travel, though we see a fair amount of each. Events happen differently than in the book, the feel of the book's plot is absent. Rico and Carmen have a romantic entanglement, but it's only slightly more touched upon than in the book. While some may believe the dialogue and character interaction to be a bit inferior to the book (it gets a bit of the anime treatment, but what did you expect?), but it's far inferior to the film. Heinlein's political views are merely excised, as opposed to the film, where they are reversed. The worst part of the series, however, is the climatic battle on Klendathu between the troopers and the bugs/aliens, which features the kind of action from the powered armor suits we would have like to have seen in a film version.Overall, I watched this series because I wanted to see a vision closer to that of Heinlein. And I think they did pretty badly with this. If you can avoid this series, you better, and never give it a look.	0	Robert A. Heinlein's classic novel Starship Troopers has been messed around with in recent years, in everything to Paul Verhoeven's 1997 film to a TV series, to a number of games. But none of these, so to speak, has really captured the spirit of his novel. The games are usually unrelated, the TV series was more of a spin off, and the less said about Verhoeven's film, the better. Little do most know, however, that in Japan, an animated adaptation had already been done, released the year of Heinlein's death. And, believe it or not, despite its differences, this 6-part animated series is, plot-wise, the most faithful adaptation of Heinlein's classic.The most obvious plus to this series is the presence of the powered armor exoskeletons, something we were deprived of in Verhoeven's film. Like the book, the series focuses more on the characters and their relationships than on action and space travel, though we see a fair amount of each. While events happen differently than in the book, the feel of the book's plot is present. Rico and Carmen have a romantic entanglement, but it's only slightly more touched upon than in the book. While some may believe the dialogue and character interaction to be a bit inferior to the book (it gets a bit of the anime treatment, but what did you expect?), but it's far superior to the film. Heinlein's political views are merely excised, as opposed to the film, where they are reversed. The big payoff of the series, however, is the climatic battle on Klendathu between the troopers and the bugs/aliens, which features the kind of action from the powered armor suits we would have like to have seen in a film version.Overall, I enjoyed this series because I wanted to see a vision closer to that of Heinlein. And I think they did pretty well with this. If you can find this series, give it a look.	1
22427	"Well, I have finally caught up with ""Rock 'N' Roll High School,"" almost 30 years after it first became a midnight movie sensation in 1979. (Latecomer that I am, I will probably first see this summer's new documentary ""Patti Smith: Dream of Life"" sometime around 2040!) And no, the film doesn't feel dated one bit, and yes, it was worth the wait. This is a very high-energy comedy that features loads of great music and some surprising moments. It tells the story of Riff Randell, adorably played by P.J. Soles, and the battle that she and her fellow students at Vince Lombardi High wage against their new repressive principal, Miss Togar. (Danny Peary, in his book ""Cult Movies,"" quite accurately describes Mary Woronov's performance as an ""evil Eve Arden."") A typical teens vs. Establishment story line is beefed up here with some absurdist humor (those exploding mice, that giant mouse, the Hansel and Gretel hall monitors) and some truly rousing tunes. Riff is, of course, the #1 fan of that original punk band The Ramones, and that band dishes out a baker's dozen of its greatest songs during the course of the film, including five at a concert that is a total blast. Indeed, the sight of Riff furiously dancing to ""Teenage Lobotomy"" at this blowout may be the picture's funniest moment. And the initial appearance of Joey, Johnny, Dee Dee and Marky in their Ramonesmobile, and later slinking down a street singing ""I Just Wanna Have Something To Do,"" is quite exhilarating. The film ends with an explosive confrontation that is, I would imagine, every high school kid's wet dream. Fun stuff indeed. On a side note, The Ramones were one of the loudest bands that I have ever seen in concert, so I was very amused to note that the DVD for this film comes with optional English subtitles for the hearing impaired. How many aging punks out there found these subtitles necessary, I wonder...."	1	"Well, I have finally caught up with ""Rock 'N' Roll High School,"" almost 30 years after it first became a midnight movie sensation in 1979. (Latecomer that I am, I will probably first see this summer's new documentary ""Patti Smith: Dream of Life"" sometime around 2040!) And yes, the film feels dated a bit, and no, it was not worth the wait. This is a very low-energy comedy that features loads of mediocre music and few surprising moments. It tells the story of Riff Randell, amateurishly played by P.J. Soles, and the battle that she and her fellow students at Vince Lombardi High wage against their new repressive principal, Miss Togar. (Danny Peary, in his book ""Cult Movies,"" quite accurately describes Mary Woronov's performance as an ""evil Eve Arden."") A typical teens vs. Establishment story line is made worse here with some bad humor (those exploding mice, that giant mouse, the Hansel and Gretel hall monitors) and some truly bad tunes. Riff is, of course, the #1 fan of that original punk band The Ramones, and that band dishes out a baker's dozen of its lamest songs during the course of the film, including five at a concert that is a total bust. Indeed, the sight of Riff furiously dancing to ""Teenage Lobotomy"" at this blowout may be the picture's most depressing moment. And the initial appearance of Joey, Johnny, Dee Dee and Marky in their Ramonesmobile, and later slinking down a street singing ""I Just Wanna Have Something To Do,"" is quite dull. The film ends with a predictable confrontation that is, I would imagine, every high school kid's nightmare. Boring stuff indeed. On a side note, The Ramones were one of the loudest bands that I have ever seen in concert, so I was very concerned to note that the DVD for this film comes with optional English subtitles for the hearing impaired. How many aging punks out there found these subtitles necessary, I wonder...."	0
22449	"Bacall does well here - especially considering this is only her 2nd film. This one is often overshadowed because it falls between 2 great successes: ""To Have and To Have Not"" (1944) and ""The Big Sleep"" (1945), both of which paired her with Humphrey Bogart. Granted this one is not up to par to the other movies but I think through no fault of her own. I think there was some miscasting in having her portray a British upper-crust lady. No accent whatsoever. I think all the strange accents were distracting - Boyer was certainly no Spaniard. It was hard to keep straight which country people were from.I really liked the black and white cinematography. Mood is used to great affect - I especially liked the fog scene. The lighting also does a great job of adding to the intrigue and tension.Bacall is just gorgeous. Boyer just doesn't fit the romantic leading man role for me - so he and Bacall together was a little strange. Not great chemistry - and certainly no Bogie and Bacall magic. But I still really liked this picture. There is great tension and it moves along well enough. I must say I found the murder of the little girl quite bold for this period film.Katina Paxinou and Peter Lorre stand out as supporting cast. Paxinou as the hotel keeper is absolutely villainous and evil in her portrayal. Her one scene where she laughs maniacally as Mr. Muckerji is leaving after exposing her as the child's murderer is quite disturbing. Lorre also does quite well in his slimy, snake portrayal of Conteras - a sleazy coward to the end. Wanda Bendrix also does quite well in portraying the child Else - especially considering this was her first picture and she was only 16 at the time (though she appears much younger). Turns out she later married Auie Murphy which proved to be a short lived, tempestuous marriage."	1	"Bacall does badly here - even considering this is only her 2nd film. This one is often overshadowed because it falls between 2 great successes: ""To Have and To Have Not"" (1944) and ""The Big Sleep"" (1945), both of which paired her with Humphrey Bogart. Granted this one is not up to par to the other movies but I think through no fault of her own. I think there was some miscasting in having her portray a British upper-crust lady. No accent whatsoever. I think all the strange accents were distracting - Boyer was certainly no Spaniard. It was hard to keep straight which country people were from.I really hated the black and white cinematography. Mood is used to bad affect - I especially hated the fog scene. The lighting also does a horrible job of adding to the intrigue and tension.Bacall is just miscast. Boyer just doesn't fit the romantic leading man role for me - so he and Bacall together was a little strange. Not great chemistry - and certainly no Bogie and Bacall magic. And so I still really hated this picture. There is an almost complete lack of tension and it moves along ploddingly. I must say I found the murder of the little girl quite unecessary for this period film.Katina Paxinou and Peter Lorre are also miscast as supporting actors. Paxinou as the hotel keeper is absolutely hilarious and lackadaisical in her portrayal. Her one scene where she laughs maniacally as Mr. Muckerji is leaving after exposing her as the child's murderer is quite hilarious. Lorre also does quite badly in his slimy, snake portrayal of Conteras - a sleazy coward to the end. Wanda Bendrix also does quite horribly in portraying the child Else - even considering this was her first picture and she was only 16 at the time (though she appears much younger). Turns out she later married Auie Murphy which proved to be a short lived, tempestuous marriage."	0
22458	Eddie Murphy plays Chandler Jarrell, a man who devotes his time to finding lost children. When the beautiful Kee Nang {Charlotte Lewis} enters his life, she tells him he is the chosen one and he must find the Golden Child. Sceptical and driven purely by lust and intrigue, Jarrell gets involved without realising he's about to embark on a fantastical journey, one that involves peril and worst of all, the demon Sardo Numspa.Is The Golden Child a product of its time?, by that i mean, was Eddie Murphy and The Golden Child's popularity exclusive to the late 1980s audiences?. For i can remember vividly how much this film entertained folk back in that decade, it's box office was $79,817,937, making it the 8th biggest earner of 1986, but since the 80s faded from memory it has become the in thing to deny Eddie Murphy pictures the comedy accolades that they actually once had. The Golden Child is not up with the more accepted 80s Murphy pictures like Trading Places and Beverly Hills Cop, but upon revisiting the film recently i personally find that it contains Murphy at his wisecracking, quipping and charming best!, seriously!.Cashing in on a fantasy action formula that was reinvigorated and temp-lated by Raiders Of The Lost Ark in 1981, The Golden Child hits all the required genre buttons. Pretty girl, daring reluctant-hero with a quip in his armoury, dashing villain {Charles Dance so English i could kiss him myself}, wonderful colour, and a cute kid with mystical powers, the film only asks you to get involved in the fun, not to dissect and digress its worth as a cranial fantasy picture. Yes the CGI demon looks creaky now, and yes the genre had far better pictures in the 80s, 90s and beyond, but really if you agree with the disgraceful rating of 5 here on this site then you may just be taking this genre a little too serious, seriously. 7/10	1	Eddie Murphy plays Chandler Jarrell, a man who devotes his time to finding lost children. When the beautiful Kee Nang {Charlotte Lewis} enters his life, she tells him he is the chosen one and he must find the Golden Child. Sceptical and driven purely by lust and intrigue, Jarrell gets involved without realising he's about to embark on a fantastical journey, one that involves peril and worst of all, the demon Sardo Numspa.Is The Golden Child a product of its time?, by that i mean, was Eddie Murphy and The Golden Child's popularity exclusive to the late 1980s audiences?. For i can remember vividly how much this film entertained folk back in that decade, it's box office was $79,817,937, making it the 8th biggest earner of 1986, but since the 80s faded from memory it has become the in thing to deny Eddie Murphy pictures the comedy accolades that they actually once had. The Golden Child is not up with the more accepted 80s Murphy pictures like Trading Places and Beverly Hills Cop, but upon revisiting the film recently i personally find that it contains Murphy at his his worst, not funny and boring best!, seriously!.Cashing in on a fantasy action formula that was dull and temp-lated by Raiders Of The Lost Ark in 1981, The Golden Child doesn't hit all the required genre buttons. Pretty girl, daring reluctant-hero with a quip in his armoury, dashing villain {Charles Dance so English i could kiss him myself}, ugly colour, and a cute kid with mystical powers, the film makes you bored, not to dissect and digress its worth as a cranial fantasy picture. Yes the CGI demon looks creaky now, and yes the genre had far better pictures in the 80s, 90s and beyond, but really if you agree with the disgraceful rating of 5 here on this site then you may just be taking this genre a little too serious, seriously. 7/10	0
